Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 19
“Threats? Cognita, my dear. Listen to me. I am not what you should fear. If words strike you this painfully—ask yourself why.”
She began to stumble from the room, heedless of the staring [Mages]. She had to get away—Eldavin’s voice rose.
“You cannot hide from the truth. Cognita!”
She was gone. Eldavin stepped out of the broken scrying room, looking after her. He ignored Viltach.
“Cognita. We will settle this soon.”
With that, the Dragon carelessly walked down the hallways, ignoring the uproar he had set upon the world and annals of history. He had no time for the fallout. That was but a means to many ends.
There was a song from Earth that had been in the collection of one of the Earthers and on the laptop. He found himself humming it, absently. It was a song about not wanting to set the world on fire.
He found that so…incredibly amusing.
 
—-
 
Condemnation from the Walled Cities and Terandrian nations. Outrage, and of course, stories.
How many people had known the deprivations of the undead hordes led by the Necromancer? So many families could remember those times of terror, generation to generation, cementing his terrible legend.
Izril as well; the Necromancer’s hordes had not had the same time to destroy, but the antipathy towards the undead ran deep.
Pallass News Network, now free of Eldavin’s control and apologizing in between coverage and call-ins, covered all this.
And yet. Listen…
“You know, after hearing this story again, I recall that man.”
“Er—you do, sir?”
The half-Elf sat on an overgrown tree stump, looking somewhat perplexed at the attention and scrying orb, which he didn’t really understand yet.
“He visited our village once. Archmage Chandler, yes. Though he never used such titles. A very humble man, who came to learn from our village’s [Sword Master]. I heard of him, of course. The Undying Shield of Calanfer.”
“Er—er—but of course you know his legacy afterwards?”
The half-Elf’s face clouded. He nodded, his grey locks of hair moving in the breeze. A few of the older half-Elves listening nodded too.
“We were forced to repel undead several times. Yet I remember the man, Archmage Chandler, was thought of very highly. I never credited how he became a monster.”
Naturally, Sir Relz took care to fill the next half hour with people who had no trouble recollecting family killed by the Necromancer or undead in general. There it was, though.
A single note among what had been a universal melody.
Wall Lord Ilvriss heard it. Not least in a Drake youth, his or her scales dyed pitch black and white, covering their face as they were interviewed by a [Mage].
“We’ve always known the tale of Az’kerash! That’s why we learn his magic! It’s the lies of the Walled Cities—and kingdoms! He’s an inspiration to [Necromancers]—”
That segment cut off quickly as Sir Relz made a slashing gesture. Some actual [Necromancers] had come out to speak about the topical issue, a dangerous move since Pallass was actively trying to figure out where that Drake was.
“Wall Lord?”
Osthia Blackwing looked at his face as the Wall Lord sat in the room of the inn they’d rented on their trip. Everyone else had vacated the room, seeing his expression and knowing the history.
“Hm, Captain Blackwing?”
“Do you think this Eldavin knows?”
“Perhaps.”
Ilvriss’ eyes narrowed. He could not understand why else—unless it was Zelkyr? It certainly seemed like someone had objected to the commentary. Osthia looked at the purple-scaled Drake, warily, yet the Wall Lord showed no signs of fury as some Drakes were doing.
“This documentary—historical account? Does it bother you, sir?”
