Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 16
“Are you…? No, it’s not about being a good person, is it? I know a lot of good people. Or people who do good things but—never mind. Never mind. I’ll just sleep. Wake me when it’s time.”
“Saliss. What’s the matter?”
The Drake gave her a self-aware look for a moment. Then he exhaled and closed his eyes.
“I have to go to work, Erin. I don’t want to. That’s all.”
 
—-
 
He was still under the influence when he woke up. Of course—that didn’t matter. And he knew, when he opened his eyes, it was time.
And who the old man had sent was obviously the right choice. A [Path to Victory]—well, he didn’t need it, did he?
Damn him.
Arguments had clearly ensued whilst the Drake had slept in the Garden. But for once, the [Innkeeper] had lost.
Fundamentally. She had not prevented the figure from appearing here. But cleverly—neither had the intruder offered physical resistance or made threats. She had simply appealed for this chance.
The door was open. Saliss saw the figure walk through as the [Innkeeper] followed.
“You get one shot, alright? Then you have to leave.”
“Yes, Miss Solstice. Adventurer Saliss?”
“Go away. I’m not here.”
The Drake nearly put his claws over his eyes—then jerked them down and sobered up. He heard a breath—and then saw a pair of boots. Saliss opened his eyes.
A young Drake was standing there. Young—well, older than Erin. She stared straight ahead as she saluted him. Her armor was polished, enchanted. Saliss read her name and level and Skills.
“Adventurer Saliss. I’ve come to escort you to your briefing, sir. Please come with me.”
“Saliss, I tried to make her go away, but she says Chaldion’ll come after this and it’s actually really important.”
Erin was upset. The [Alchemist] sighed.
“He probably will. So you’re the luckless Drake come to get me?”
“Yes sir. High Command is waiting, Adventurer Saliss. Please, allow me to escort you to them.”
For a while, the Drake sat there, head bowed. Then he looked up.
“And who are you, exactly?”
The Drake maintained her perfect salute.
“General Shirka, 3rd Army of Pallass. Blackwing’s Gold. An honor, Adventurer Saliss. I believe we met once before. At—”
“Right. I’m coming.”
The Drake picked himself up slowly. Erin hesitated.
“What’s ‘Blackwing’s Gold’? Is that your title or something, G-General?”
She peered at the female Drake. Shirka turned to her and put her hands behind her back, standing at parade rest.
“New designation, ma’am. Formerly we were known as the ‘Pallass’ Gold’. After General Thrissiam fell…”
Someone else fell down. Saliss lay on the ground.
“Oh no. I’ve fallen and I can’t get up. You should tell High Command I can’t make it. Do that, will you, please, General?”
Erin eyed Shirka. Even she had the urge to toss a bit of dirt at Saliss. But of everyone so far—the Drake was the most patient. She turned back to Saliss at once and threw another salute.
“Adventurer. The City of Invention has need of you. Won’t you answer them again?”
She was so patient with the Drake. Erin looked at General Shirka. At Saliss. The Drake refused to look at Shirka.
“Oh.”
Her eyes widened. The Drake [General], Shirka, was the youngest Erin had ever met. And that was extraordinary because, well, she was like Embria. And since one was a [Wing Commander] and somewhat famed for that—
On a hunch, Erin looked at Saliss as he slowly got up, brushing dirt from his scales. He muttered.
“I’m coming. Give me one second.”
“Are you sure, Saliss? If you don’t want to, I can—”
