Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 34
Cognita sat back. She kept reading. That had been, oh, two days ago. She wasn’t in that much of a hurry to get to Illivere. The outdoor chair she’d been reading in, and indeed, the book, were her company. She didn’t read fast; she watched the ocean. Just watched the ocean, birds, plants, activity on the decks, so it took her two full days to close the book, having read it.
She hadn’t actually moved from her seat for two days straight. A fact that disconcerted the [Sailors] who had to eat, stretch, and sleep. But Cognita was enjoying herself.
She did not look forward to visitors, however. The Four Winds was hired for her, and she would rather not have passengers who stared and asked questions or treated her like…a thing. She wondered how disreputable it would be to toss someone into the sea.
However, it seemed it had to be done. Captain Bressa offered Cognita a partial refund, but the Truestone Golem didn’t want a refund. She just wanted no passengers. She watched, face stony, as they pulled into a dock. She wasn’t sure which continent it was at first. It was not Zeres, and a far smaller port than the ones she knew. And Cognita remembered every port she’d been to, on every continent of the world.
“I am told one of the guests has met you before, Miss Cognita. Perhaps that is some comfort?”
The Truestone Golem’s head slowly turned.
“I do not enjoy the company of many people who claim to know me, Captain Bressa. We will see how I react.”
If the [Captain] had been nervous before…she hoped this would not ruin the reputation of her ship. She already had Khelt’s wrath to worry about—she should never have taken that job for the Terandrian crusade! She was just glad they wanted to land on Chandrar’s south, not anywhere near the Revenant-class undead tearing up the north. She was going to sail wide of the northern coast until that was over.
However, you couldn’t refuse some passengers and just refund them so easily. Were they Cognita of Wistram? No, but one was close. The other?
“Looks like lots of cargo, Captain! Dead gods, look at that. A menagerie of stuff to load and an entire entourage.”
Bressa cursed as Cognita’s eyes flashed. She lowered the gangplank and strode down to meet her guests—and advise them they might have to confine themselves to their quarters. All things considered, it went well.
They only drew their blades in outrage once, but their leader was more understanding when he heard the name ‘Cognita’. They ponced up the deck, and yes, Bressa felt it was an appropriate verb to describe them. Then again, it was a royal entourage of sorts and her guest was a bit famous world-wide.
As for the other one, when he heard Cognita’s name, he came up the gangplank, stopping their leader from introducing himself despite the risk, to Cognita.
“Allow me first, [Prince]. She is not…amicable at all times. Cognita of Wistram? Might you remember me?”
A figure walked up the deck, in travelling boots, and a colorful cloak fluttering behind. In one hand he carried an artifact of such power that Cognita blinked. She recognized it, and focused on his face. Her look of annoyance changed to one of almost pleasure.
“You are Barelle the Bard.”
One of the world’s famous [Bards] swept her a bow. The magical harp he carried, with strings each of unique power, was held in one hand. Cognita actually smiled at him, then regarded his companion.
“I know you as well. Wistram had cause to feature you.”
“Lady Truestone. I humbly greet you in the name of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. My kingdom may be mighty, but it is nothing compared to your beauty.”
