Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 25
“Of course. He’s a famous figure in Terandria. Do you know how much?”
“No. Tell me about him.”
The [Princess] stared at Erin. She did a double-take, looking back at the kitchen. Oh. Oh. Then she took a deep breath.
“Okay. Well then. I don’t know as much as his people, but his reputation is plain. He’s…”
She stopped, searching for the right word. Erin waited.
“…Moody. He might be influenced by his class, or his personality influenced the class. It’s hard to tell, often. But he’s like…water. Slow to anger, rather genial. Very liberal—you can tell by how he just adapts to the inn. Still, there’s stories of his temper. He doesn’t calm down fast. He’ll rage for weeks if court rumors are anything to go by. And he holds grudges.”
“How so?”
Lyonette grimaced.
“Well, he once kept invading a nation and started a war after six battles without the crown’s permission. All because he was feuding with this other [Lord]—”
“A war? How did it turn out?”
Erin didn’t know. She didn’t know about him. Her jaw dropped. Lyonette nodded.
“It ended when he killed the [Lord] and won the entire war. I know you’re from Earth. But it’s amazing you don’t know…”
Lyonette looked at Erin. And that was the thing. Erin shook her head. She stood there for a moment.
“Tell me about him, please? I don’t know anything about…not his history. Was he married? Does he have family?”
She listened. Trying to make sense of the man who found her so intriguing.
 
—-
 
It was ill-planned. Perhaps overconfidence on the part of his opponent. Or simply—the knowledge that if they didn’t take this spot, their reinforcements, the heavier [Knights] stalled in the storm, would never advance further.
Either way, the first ships from Pheislant had left Desonis’ fleet in the waters, or fleeing into the distance. The Earl Altestiel stood, watching them advance.
“Loose! Target that [Mage]!”
Kiish was shouting, the command of the archers at her disposal. They had the high ground; it was a steep hill and the six thousand [Soldiers] under his command were entrenched.
Yet the enemy was still disembarking from their ships. The first wave had already begun to climb, warded by spells, shields up.
But the rains fell, making the ground muddy. And the Earl?
“Forwards at a walk.”
He whispered. The line of spears advanced. They had to—they had to fling the enemy down the hill. But there were ten of Pheislant for every one of Desonis’ forces.
“Hold for fifteen hours.”
He repeated it to himself. Kiish turned to him.
“Lord Altestiel—we should secure your retreat.”
He ignored her. Behind her, his banner was planted in the ground. His words had been spoken for all to hear.
“I will die here before I retreat past this spot.”
Heavy infantry were struggling upwards. Idiots. Desonis’ line was moving down the hill. Spells exploded in the air as his [Mages] gave them cover. The [Marshal of Rains] spoke again.
“The line will advance at a trot!”
Faster now. And the Earl’s legs moved too. Kiish reached for him, but he was bounding down the muddy terrain. Ignoring the slippery ground as his enchanted boots carried him through the ranks of his forces.
“Force them down! Charge!”
He leapt past them, surging down the hill at the startled first wave. His sword plunged through the first faceguard, and the hill ran red with blood.
 
—-
 
Erin listened to Lyonette’s tale. She had not been there. Nor—perhaps—had Altestiel really charged the first rank by himself as the stories Lyonette had heard in court made out.
But he had fought.
“He held out for fourteen hours.”
“Wait. Not fifteen?”
The [Princess] of Calanfer shook her head.
