Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 15
“No. I will not. I am not here to force you to do anything, Lasica. Just listen. She can help you. And if you summon her, she will restore all you have lost. Your child. Your relationship. Even the memory of loss, if you will it. As if it never happened.”
“No one can bring back the dead. My child is gone. Tell me that again and I’ll gut you like a fish.”
Lasica spoke, harsher than she intended. To this, the Gnoll…woman…only tilted her head again.
“Everything is possible for the right price, Lasica Feltail. Ask yourself only this: what would you do if it were possible to truly bring your child back? To have another chance? For you, I think she would work all her craft.”
“Who? Who is this person who can apparently do all this?”
The Gnoll woman watched Lasica backing away. She did not move. Lasica was feeling behind her, for the edge of this spell, this Skill. There had to be one.
“Look up her name. Look at history. You will find her if you want to. Her name is Belavierr. Think on it, Lasica. Whatever you wish—”
Lasica turned and ran. She burst out of the barrier and time resumed. The Garuda winged onwards. She whirled, panting, as a gaggle of Drakes came around the corner.
“And then I said—whoa!”
They recoiled at the drawn wand. Lasica turned, ignoring them, and aimed back the way she’d come.
At—
Nothing. The street was empty.
The Gnoll was gone.
 
—-
 
Of course she had vanished. And of course, Lasica reported it to the Watch.
She was not a fool. They took her seriously as well. Rufelt rushed into the Watch House as Lasica was making the report.
“Lasica! What happened?”
“Just a stranger. Rufelt. I…”
He embraced her without a word. And all of this should have been the first step. A scare—but Lasica’s refusal. Rufelt running to get her, them eating an actual meal in their home, around their table.
“You’re filthy. Have you eaten anything since I was gone?”
She whipped up a fast meal on the few items they had left. He grinned at her, looking lightheaded from hunger. She fed him, that silly Gnoll, and he agreed to talk tomorrow, about the bar. About…
Lasica was not an idiot. Strangers approaching you out of nowhere and offering you everything you wanted? She knew all the warning signs.
But that was the insidious thing. It was probably one of the worst sales pitches out there. And yes, Lasica knew the stories. And she had a strong will. And she’d told the Watch.
However. Curiosity was like hope. It gnawed on you.
She had to know, if only to refuse.
 
—-
 
The next day, Rufelt was running around, restocking the bar. Shopping for Lasica. Calling in their workers. Finding clients. Exasperated, she let him do it.
He was clearly glad to have a purpose. So was she. Normally, she would have told him to let her get all the good ingredients and stop hogging the workload.
But she let him do most of it. Because Lasica had to make one stop in her day. Rufelt didn’t notice, preoccupying himself with work. He did walk her to her destination, but he thought she had another purpose.
Looking up new recipes. And while it was true that Pallass’ Grand Library had them…
Lasica walked down lines of shelves. Telling herself this was stupid. But she had to see it. Then she could put aside the strange offer. Because nothing would change her mind.
Nothing…
There were many history books. She feared she’d have to search. But the name she’d withheld from the Watch, which she’d give them right after this, was easy to search.
Belavierr. The Stitch Witch of Terandria. Spider. Temptress. Threadbreaker. The Mistress of Strands.
