Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 9
“Don’t give me that, Beza. Both your factions have Earthers. This is my big shot. You have to understand what that’s like.”
“We do. But we’re in boiling water right now, Palt. We need something. Or…can we talk? Negotiate, just between us.”
A silence. Mrsha rolled around the grass and went down the steep hill, giggling silently. Erin wondered if they could import butterflies. Then again…caterpillars were actually really gross. Bees were nice, but they were stinging jerks. And after the Ashfire Bees…
Were there any bugs that were cute up close as well as far away? Besides Bird with a hat, that was. He was…fishing in the pond? Did they have fish now? Erin suspected Numbtongue.
“I suppose we can. I don’t want to pull a [Bloodmage] on you two. Let’s talk. Tonight? The inn?”
“I hate that Drake. Peslas. He has a real problem with Humans.”
“You think it’s bad? I’m a Minotaur and the only other one this city knows is a convicted murderer and teamslayer.”
“We’ll talk in my room. Tonight. After dinner? I’m here all day.”
“I bet you are.”
Pause, clopping hooves. Erin tensed, waiting for them to come for the door, but Palt was going somewhere else. She relaxed.
“What an ass. I thought of him as a friend.”
Beza growled. Montressa made a soft, sighing sound.
“It’s his big break, Beza. Tell me you wouldn’t do the same thing?”
“I…what are we going to do? The [Innkeeper] doesn’t trust us.”
The conversation grew silent as Erin made the door disappear. She paused.
“Darned right.”
She leaned back and sighed. It would be so much easier to relax and just distrust Montressa. And Beza. And Palt for good measure. It would be so much easier, if she hadn’t met this sniffing [Necromancer] from Wistram. Who turned out to be not-a-jerk. And even heroic at times.
Even so. Erin leaned back against the wall. This was only uh, Palt-level intrigue. If that. Time to get really nasty.
Mrsha raced over as she saw a glow from where Erin was sitting. Her eyes went round as Erin closed her eyes. She stared—but Erin shooed her away.
“Go on, Mrsha. I’m going to do a bad thing. And don’t look. You’ll get all sad.”
 
—-
 
Beza and Montressa were discussing Palt and talking lightly when they saw Erin wandering around the inn again. She was laughing, talking with Drassi, and the group of [Actors] who’d come in like they did every morning.
The Players of Celum were expanded, ready to roll, and indeed, some only had to roll out of bed to be ready for work. Temile had gotten up around lunch time, bleary-eyed and yawning. The [Actors] worked late into the night and slept in or conducted a lot of their non-dramatic business in the mornings.
Montressa and Bezale were well aware they weren’t welcome in the inn, if Erin’s muted reaction and Palt hadn’t been enough of a clue. They’d been civil, at least. But the two had a reputation.
Not undeserved. The Wistram team had caused a mess when they first arrived and Montressa would readily admit that. And they were not getting a lot of friendly looks.
But then—no one was stopping to throw their drinks in the two’s faces, so there was also that. The Wistram [Mages] had caused trouble, yes. They’d fought the Horns in the Bloodfields. But Isceil had died battling the Crelers, and people remembered that too. So their reception was mixed between frosty tolerance and muted distrust.
