Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 15
Now, she stood up and entered the room. If you looked closely, you’d know this door was the door to the Garden. For one thing, it had iron bands along the door. Nothing else in the inn had iron in it. She wondered…if that was her, or her Skill. After all, she loved the visitors, but they were dangerous too.
“Wow.”
Erin shook her head. She felt strange. Guilty, sympathetic—but mostly like the biggest weasel in the world. She walked over to the glowing, blue flame in the corner of the room. After a second, Erin blew out the magical fire.
[Like Fire, Memory]. It was the only one she could conjure at will. Erin stared at the wick and tallow; it had burnt down the full candle nearly to the nub. Saliss had said her happy flame burnt even faster. Then she looked at herself.
“I had to do it. But—Erin punishment! Hiyah!”
Lyonette opened the door just in time to hear the thump. She saw Erin crouching on the ground, holding her forehead.
“…What are you doing, Erin?”
The young woman clutched at her ringing skull. She looked up and met the [Princess]’ skeptical gaze. Erin paused.
“Eavesdropping.”
Lyonette’s brows crossed. Erin paused, then stood up. She put on her best Erin-smile and cheerful tone of voice.
“I mean, oops! I was just looking for a place to turn into a…dance floor. Y’know, since we have a gym? Grimalkin left us a set of weights, and I thought we could do yoga. Or something. Finger guns!”
She smiled cheerfully, doing said finger guns. Then dropped the smile, looked levelly at Lyonette and walked off. The [Princess] stared after Erin.
 
—-
 
Well, that was something. Almost too much. Erin had to take a walk around her garden to relax. She was still feeling guilty.
But she did have to know. That was what she hated. Mistrusting people and…to take her mind off the situation, Erin decided to move back to the fire.
“Fire. Fire! Angry fire! Gaaah!”
Erin stood next to the pond and a stack of firewood and shouted. She pulled at her hair—gingerly, paced back and forth. Trying to remember when she’d been furious. Then she tried happiness.
She tried. But—it was like trying to start a fire with a low heat. Something needed to explode and Erin wasn’t running on enough angry-fuel to make it work. Or happy-juice.
But she always had a surplus of sad-stuff. Or maybe because she’d done it a few times, it was easier? Erin held out her palm.
“Sad.”
She concentrated. And she had no lack of things to remember. When Erin opened her eyes from a memory of Bird standing in the circle of statues, she saw the blue fire burning in her palm.
“Okay. Cold. It can get pretty cold! But it’s not exactly [Fireball]. Uh—concentrate. Sadder. Bigger!”
She tried, but even with more sad memories the fire stayed the same. Erin was fairly certain this was as large as it got. She studied it.
“Utility. Flame attack!”
She lifted the handful of fire and threw it as hard and as fast as she could, at a tree. The fire flew—and flopped into the grass.
Erin stared at it. It was rather like throwing, well…fire. As in, it had little weight, and terrible aerodynamics.
It began to burn the grass a bit. It didn’t even spread fast. Erin stomped on the fire and felt the chill. But only as much chill as you’d get from that amount of fire’s heat. She sighed.
“Okay. New plan.”
She lit a long stick and stomped the blue flame out. Erin lifted her torch and felt the cooling air.
“Hm. Magic torch? Hah, hah!”
