Interlude – Flos
Page 18
“I don’t know about people in your tribe, but I know someone who probably won’t care if you forged the blade. He just wants the best blade in the world. And if your uh, Naq-Aama—”
“Naq-Alrama.”
“Right. If that steel’s the best he might buy it. Why don’t I ask him?”
Nawal stared at the young man, and a sprig of hope entered into her heart.
“You? You have a master?”
“What? No! I’m not a slave—”
“But he’s wealthy? A man of power? How much might he spend?”
“Uh—he said he has at least ten thousand gold pieces, but I think he might spend more—”
Ten thousand gold pieces. It wasn’t a lot, but the thought of actually selling a blade had Nawal’s mind racing. Why hadn’t she thought of it before? Sell to foreigners! Surely there were some who wouldn’t mind how a blade was made so long as it was sharp! Drakes, perhaps? There were rumors that there was a great dungeon filled with monsters on their continent. Perhaps if she—
“Sister! Wondrous news!”
A loud voice came from outside. Nawal’s heart sank. She hurried out of the tent, making sure that the layers of flaps prevented any sunlight from touching the inside of the tent and came outside with the young man to see Allaif, standing in front of the tent and grinning broadly.
He was not alone. The rich [Merchant] from before and a man with a whip at his side were behind them, along with a group of armed thugs. Nawal eyed them with distaste, noting their cheap iron weapons and marking the man with a whip for what he was—a [Slaver]. Not of Roshal, clearly; he was probably just a local [Slave Trader] who dealt with the impoverished and desperate.
Nawal glared at her brother as he smiled broadly at her. He looked too happy, as if he was pulling one of his tricks on someone. They had always landed him and the people around him in deep trouble.
“Allaif, what is this? I have a buyer for our steel—”
“As do I, sister! All of it!”
“What?”
Nawal’s eyes widened and she saw the other members of her clan start. Allaif had found a buyer? But—she looked back at the young foreigner. How much had he compromised to sell all of their ingots? Allaif rubbed his hands together, looking proud of himself.
“We will earn as much as we would for a commission on blades, sister! This generous [Merchant], Sir Redif, will buy all the ingots from us at such a price!”
“At what cost?”
There had to be a trick. Nawal eyed the [Slaver] with apprehension. Allaif spread his hands, looking wounded.
“Sister! I made the best deal I could, for the clan! I gave away only one thing to honored Redif.”
“Which was?”
“You.”
Allaif smiled at Nawal as the ground fell away under her. He spoke quickly as a rumble sprang up from the other clansmen.
“It is the best offer! The best! We will be paid richly and you, dear sister, will be sent to show any [Blacksmiths] how to forge Naq-Alrama metal! You will be able to continue helping around the forge—and find a husband if honored Redif is generous. It is for the clan, sister.”
Nawal just stared. Slavers? Her father had banned slaves from the clan two decades ago, before she had been born. Metal forged with the weight of shackles was impure as that of metal made with dishonest deeds or blood, or so he had said. She stared at her brother, her brother.
“You cannot sell me, Allaif.”
A flash passed across Allaif’s eyes, one of his dark moods nearly escaping.
“I can and will. I am our representative and I speak for our family and clan with our father’s death.”
“You are not worthy of licking his boots, you spineless worm!”
“How dare you!”
