Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 31
“Yes. And if they revealed Lady Cassicel’s ancestry—it’ll be a feud again. But it will wreck our reputation as much as theirs. Damn them. This is low. And they’re using Lord Bedil’s children in other marriages! Their bloodlines are pure—no wonder the Havringtons have been accepting marriages for…”
Wil trailed off. It was a foreign political system to Niers, but he knew a backstab when he saw one. And this was a good one, if Wil’s expression was anything to go by. The [Lord] looked at Niers, hesitated, and nodded.
“It—that—it is very valuable, Professor. My father will appreciate the information greatly. Thank you.”
And he would, too. Wil could only imagine how that tidbit would be used. It would wreck the Havringtons if deployed correctly, and save his family some embarrassment. And yet…Wil sagged. Niers watched him.
“You don’t look too happy for someone who’s received the answer to his question.”
The young man couldn’t answer back. He just hung his head. Niers looked at him sympathetically.
“Duty is a hard thing, Wil. I can’t tell you it’s better to live for yourself; it’s something you have to weigh.”
Wil might have nodded. His head jerked and he looked up. He hesitated and bit his lip.
“If I hadn’t asked, would you have used the information yourself, Professor?”
“You mean to threaten the Havringtons or warn House Kallinad? No, Wil. Some secrets you just keep. I have enough trouble without getting into Terandrian politics. You can’t really ever get out once you put a foot in.”
Niers looked amused as he shook his head. That made Wil feel a bit better. Even so, he rose slowly.
“I’ve fulfilled my obligations to my family. The du Havringtons will pay for this. That’s some consolation. Professor, thank you. The question was worth it.”
Just not for him. Niers nodded. He watched Wil excuse himself, walk towards the door. Niers hesitated. And he looked at Foliana and she nodded.
“Wil.”
The young man turned back. Niers paused, and then spoke slowly.
“Your dream of adventure. Don’t give it up. If you look for it, Wil, it will find you. When it does, reach out and grab it.”
Wil hesitated. Then he smiled and ducked his head.
“Thank you, Professor. I will.”
He left. Niers watched him go and then the door shut. He paused, and then sighed, and took another gulp of his drink. One down. Then the Titan of Baleros raised his voice.
“Umina?”
 
—-
 
Umina was nervous. Beyond nervous. Terrified, but so scared she was calm. She’d seen Wil leave, looking unhappy and relieved. Now it was her turn. Umina walked into the room. She sat down at the Titan’s bidding, and looked at him.
“Um. You answered Wil’s question, Professor?”
“I believe I did. Whether it is to his satisfaction, we will see. I can’t speak to you of it, but he has his answer.”
The Fraerling’s voice was neutral. Umina nodded, squirming. She looked towards the door as it closed. She’d left it open. Niers waved a hand.
“Automatically closing doors. Handy for Fraerlings.”
“Sorry, Professor. Um—I know this is my chance to ask my question. But—may I ask something before that?”
“Certainly.”
He smiled at her. Reassured, Umina took a breath. She hesitated, but she had been able to talk to Niers this night. So it was only with a bit of difficulty she spoke.
“I—um, Professor, this is a bit silly. But I wanted to ask about me. As a student.”
Niers’ eyes focused slightly.
“Go on.”
“I—am I special, Professor? Do I stand out? As a student?”
The question exited Umina in a rush. The Titan blinked. He sat back slowly, as she looked at him. Then he smiled fondly.
