Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 51
The [Strategist] turned to the officers. He twitched visibly.
“That is not an insult. If you were Antinium, I could save your lives. Our forces cannot hear me. If we lose our cohesion, we will be routed.”
That brought some sense back into everyone, Kerone included. He stepped forwards.
“Messk, you heard the commander. Get down there! I can divide my squad up into runners.”
Messk hesitated, but then she obeyed. It was that or…or what? Belgrade at least had a plan.
Kerone had to admit—it was cowardly, because dividing up his squad meant he would stay here, coordinating them. Belgrade glanced at the Drake.
“Good. You are Kerone.”
“Yes, sir. They’re pushing.”
“Yes. But Hectval is equally uncoordinated.”
“…Are you sure?”
The Drake could see virtually nothing in the darkness, but either Belgrade had Skills or simply vision he didn’t…or he understood more in the flurry of shapes below. The Antinium pointed.
“I see multiple squads engaging each other, not battalions. Hectval has scattered its troops as much as we. This was an intelligent plan—poorly executed. We must draw together.”
“Absolutely, sir.”
Strength in numbers. Belgrade wasn’t saying anything Kerone disagreed with. The [Strategist] pointed down.
“Get me those squads. We will reform a defensive line around the hill. Deploy traps and wait for Olesm to contact us or find a point from which to strike.”
He was a defensive, organized leader. Kerone sent his [Soldiers] down into that darkness to pull back the squads.
…And they never came back.
Some tried. He saw groups heading towards him, but many ran into the enemy—or even attacked each other. Belgrade kept giving rapid-fire orders.
“Reinforce those squads, there. Squad Leader Itr, direct your [Archers]…there.”
However, he was trying to yank his command together and struggling. Kerone shifted from foot to foot. He saw Belgrade standing and looking down into the fighting. He didn’t know how long had passed. Thirty minutes? An hour? Belgrade seemed to be coming to a decision.
“We must go down there ourselves.”
The other officers gaped at Belgrade in shock.
“Down? Are you mad? We have a position!”
The [Strategist] calmly glanced around.
“We cannot inspire and unite the squads. Either we risk ourselves or…it’s familiar. They’re scattered. Someone used a [Fear] spell.”
Familiar? Kerone frowned at him. The Drake had heard of Belgrade. One of the Antinium, whatever that meant. Like the Yellow Splatters who was in the Watch. He knew there was a story there.
It revolved around…the inn. The [Innkeeper], who, depending on who you heard it from, was a menace, a strange miracle-worker, a blood-spewing maniac who went around stabbing people.
A martyr.
A friend to Goblins and Antinium.
He didn’t know which, but one of the reasons people would follow an Antinium at all was because Belgrade was part of that story. The [Strategist] drew an enchanted shortsword.
“We will go down. Squad Leader Kerone, form a bodyguard with me. Our app—”
Kerone saw Belgrade stumble as he walked towards them. The Squad Leader waited.
“Sir? Our approach?”
The Antinium felt at his side. He grasped something and turned. Kerone saw, in the magical darkness, the [Strategist] grasping at a feathered shaft.
“I have been sniped. Take cover.”
Everyone dove as Belgrade stumbled forwards. Kerone reached for him, and the Antinium collapsed behind a boulder. They looked for more arrows, but none fell. It was as if someone had aimed for Belgrade, through the darkness.
Kerone fumbled for his potion.
“We’ll get you on your feet. Just one…why isn’t it…”
