Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 15
“Depth Captain. Our scouts have found nothing in the shipwreck that the landfolk did not find. It was indeed picked clean.”
A [First Mate] whose body was half-starfish saluted a Drowned Captain. He was half-Eel. His name and title was Depth Captain Therrium Sailwinds of the Undersea Crews. And his ship, The Passing Shadow was feared above and under the sea.
…He wasn’t happy. He growled curses that the rest of his crew, moving in the silence of the waters, looked up fearfully to hear. Not only because his wrath was terrible, but because he had violated one of the precepts of those who sailed under the waves.
Make no sound, lest ye attract what draws to it.
But the cursing was short-lived. Captain Therrium, a man who had three sons, a ship to his name, and quite a lot of gold, was used to risky ventures. He just hated it when they fell through.
“Damn the landfolk who plundered the ship!”
His voice was a deep, bubbling growl even as a whisper among the silent vessel. Of course, he sounded like this, as did much of the Drowned Folk, but they all did, so to them it was normal conversation. The First Mate winced.
“Actually, Depth Captain…I think the [Divers] were ours. The marks looks so.”
“Oh. Well then. Scavengers.”
Therrium moderated his tone. He sighed. And only then did he hear the muffled obscenities coming from his left. The half-Eel Drowned Man turned his head.
…A second Drowned Ship was floating next to the first, having drawn alongside. And the other [Depth Captain] was cursing through the magical barrier that kept the waters out.
“Damn you, Therrium! Three weeks it’s been and not a sight of treasure!”
“This is our mark!”
The [Captain] whisper-howled back across the gulf between them. He saw a half-Shrimp Drowned Woman, her antennae moving as she furiously pointed one feeler-hand at him.
“You don’t own the ship until you’ve sunk it, Therrium! We have a right to the sea!”
“Then don’t curse my name for a dry spell!”
Disgruntled, Therrium turned his back and motioned for the [Helmsman] to take the ship away. The other Drowned Ship drifted back as well.
Two ships were following The Emerald Signet. Two that Therrium was aware of, including his own. More than one person had heard Yerranola and Venaz’s careless slip of the tongue about the Titan’s treasure. But it was turning out to be a fruitless endeavor.
Nevertheless…the other [Depth Captain] was pulling back, but she was no doubt making the same calculation Therrium was. Was it worth the risk of following this ship underwater? Spending time and thus, food and coin on a worthless endeavor?
Therrium held the course. But…it was a funny thing. Wil Kallinad didn’t know it, but more than one person was hoping for his success. And waiting for that moment.
 
—-
 
Romance, Duels, and Slugs
 
Again, as was his wont, the Professor refused to say if Wil would get a different reward if he turned up empty-handed after his trip. But the other students opined that it was the Titan’s way of saying ‘yes’. Also, they’d received [Messages], letters, really, from Marian, Cameral, Umina—even Kissilt and the others about how the Professor had shared the [Message] in class and immediately begun a lecture on naval tactics in response to Venaz’ allegations.
That was a good moment. But it didn’t last. Soon—monotony set in. Only—this time the students knew their enemy. And one of them—Merrik—decided he was ill. He had cabin-fever. Sea-fever. Boredom-fever. And the only cure was sex.
