Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 23
Numbtongue would have taken that risk if he didn’t know that it would inconvenience Erin. And he would have entered the city, danger or not. Even if he was attacked. It was his right. It was what Headscratcher, Shorthilt, Grunter, Justrust, and all the others had died for. They had died for Liscor. He had to enter it.
It was like a compulsion. No—a sickness. Numbtongue felt it. Ever since Erin had told him he was…family, his life had been overturned. When he was in the inn, with her, having breakfast, he was deliriously happy. When he realized his four friends, no twelve friends, would never share that moment, he was crushed more than any blow could ever do to him. And when he stared at Liscor in the distance and knew he couldn’t enter it, even though he had a piece of paper signed that said he was a person—that he needed it—
Up and down. Happy and sad. It was the cycle to Numbtongue’s day. He mined, practiced with his sword, upholding Redfang tradition and trying to combine Pyrite’s memories with his, grew stronger. He enjoyed being around Erin, Lyonette, Mrsha. Even Apista. He learned from her, ate, and lived every Goblins…it was beyond a dream. But he couldn’t be part of the rest, of anything else. So he went off by himself and remembered. And when it got to be too much, he came here. To a city he wasn’t allowed to enter.
That was how it went. What could Numbtongue do besides all of that. He couldn’t wander far from Liscor. Adventurers, travellers, anyone who wasn’t immediately part of Liscor or in sight of the inn might kill him. The mountains were equally dangerous; Numbtongue was wary of going higher than the caves he’d entered and Pyrite’s memories told him to take it slow.
The inn was…nice. But it was still too small these days. Numbtongue was restless there. Lyonette, Mrsha, Erin, they all had things to do. They couldn’t be with Numbtongue, who had every day free, all the time. So that often left him…
Alone. But that was only part of the time. Then he was with Erin, with so much love he felt like his heart was bursting. And then to loneliness again. Staring at a city that wouldn’t even let him through the gates. If he could only be in there, or—or if Shorthilt were here. Rabbiteater, Badarrow. Numbtongue.
“They’re alive. They weren’t there. They are alive. Somewhere.”
Numbtongue clutched at his head as he stopped. He looked back at the city. At Liscor. It was his dream. It was Pyrite’s dream. The city taunted him. He had walked its streets once. But once was never enough. Numbtongue stared at Liscor and then at the inn. And for the first time, it felt like the inn was a cage. One made of kindness and good intentions. But a cage nonetheless.
Happy and sad. Together and alone. Numbtongue was sick of it. He wanted to enter Liscor, even if it meant being hurt, even if it meant dying. He wanted people to see him, and not stare when they visited their inn. He wanted to meet the people who tried to avoid him, pretend he didn’t exist. He wanted to be there. Or he wanted to leave and give up on that dream. The worst thing was being caught in the middle of it. Of Erin giving him everything he wanted and Liscor holding it out of reach. Again and again.
It felt like a…pattern. A cycle. Numbtongue wished it would stop. Because otherwise, soon, either the cycle would break. Or he would. Slowly, he walked back to the inn. This was his life now.
He…hated it.
 
—-
 
