Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 46
He’d gotten away from the Antinium. Saliss, panting, clutched the crying Drake girl.
“[Message]. Emergency. Adventurer Oliwing—emergency. Antinium has destroyed…”
Somehow, he’d survived. The thing had nearly killed him after finding him. But he’d gotten away. Had it let him go? Or was it off to destroy another town?
He kept wondering as the Pegasi found him, coughing and trying to neutralize the acid in him. Acid, crushing strength—but he’d managed to keep his distance. If he’d gotten close for a second—
 
—-
 
“Okay. You’re…a Zel Shivertail, aren’t you?”
Saliss straightened. Ah, it made sense now. It wasn’t like the Slayer at all. How silly to think so. It really was like the Tidebreaker.
Nearly invulnerable, incredibly deadly up close—dodgeable. Probably able to chase you forever, unstoppable.
“Let’s see just how unstoppable.”
The Drake pulled out a vial. It was custom-made, and he regarded it as Wrymvr closed the gap. He’d even put a label on it. This was…well, an angry bull-man, drawn on it. Saliss closed his eyes.
They called him Saliss of Lights. As if that was his specialty as an [Alchemist]. He was good at battle potions. Explosives. But that wasn’t his main focus. His greatest achievements, his passions, all of it—
That was transmutation. The Drake downed the first potion. Then more. Wrymvr slowed as Saliss drank them down. Klbkch watched.
“Ah.”
Saliss felt his body burning. His scales moved. His flesh bulged. Rearranging. No! Yes. No, yes—
He hated this.
This was how she’d found herself.
But it wasn’t Onieva who appeared. His true self. Remember that. Remember—
Potion of Haste. Draught of Giant’s Strength. Shapechanger’s Tincture: Scaled Minotaur. Potion of Steelscales. Overdrive Formula—
 
—-
 
The Drake was growing taller. Klbkch and Wrymvr slowed. The form was changing into something halfway recognizable. But no species they knew.
Minotaur in form. But—scales? It was like armor. The two Centenium halted as…Saliss…opened his eyes. And for a moment, Klbkch’s mandibles opened.
“So close.”
As close to an Antinium Shaper Queen as he had ever seen. Of all the alchemy Klbkch had known—this drew something like admiration from him.
From Wrymvr too. The Centenium was curious. It waited as the figure turned. Klbkch hesitated.
Was the Minotaur-Drake hybrid…bleeding?
 
—-
 
Overload. The [Alchemist] felt his body burning, wanting to dissolve. Blood was running from his mouth instead of saliva.
“[Vessel of Alchemy].”
Time limit. The bombardment resumed as Wrymvr moved. Saliss charged.
Grimalkin—
“Support Saliss!”
Spells landed around them as Saliss found the closest part of Wrymvr and hit it. He was no [Martial Artist]! But strong? And fast—he grabbed the mandibles of one of Wrymvr’s maws. They were trying to close on his armored arms. The magic might as well have been water on Wrymvr’s shell!
“Ancestors, just die!”
He ripped the mandibles off the Centenium. Wrymvr screamed. It spat acid on Saliss—but it couldn’t burn him! Saliss grabbed another appendage. He fought—and tore it off.
Green blood spurted from both wounds for a moment. Saliss punched again. He felt the Centenium trying to grab him, tear him apart. He heaved—Wrymvr moved back.
Pull it apart! Like a bug! Saliss wrenched at a jaw. He felt the shell cracking. Then—resistance! He heaved again and Wrymvr shrieked.
Something stabbed into Saliss’ side. He leapt away. Break the shell! He was stronger than the Centenium! He knocked aside a scythe-like blade, severed the arm. Hit Wrymvr in the side. Crack! Saliss heard it!
