Interlude – Foliana
Page 9
Foliana saw Feshi and Marian nod. The Squirrel-woman peered at Umina’s side. There was something magical about her belt. Foliana vaguely recognized it. The Lizardgirl hadn’t owned it last week. Foliana vaguely remembered something about a prize that Umina had won. She inspected the belt, nudging Umina over in her seat. The Lizardgirl realized she was about to fall over and corrected herself. Foliana had seen what she wanted, though.
Belt of Acrobats. Umina seemed nimbler on her feet. She’d even been turning cartwheels this morning. Feshi looked enviously at Umina as the Lizardgirl adjusted her belt; it had come a bit loose for some reason.
Merrik was speaking now, rubbing his jaw and glaring at Peki.
“Professor! Can we give items to our army? Do we know what we’ll get?”
“Absolutely no aiding your armies! But I will let you customize your practice armies. Not the terrain or other variables! Remember our point-buy system for the practice-battles? We’re using that. Let’s call it twelve thousand points per team! Now, with that said, you’re not choosing teams. I’ll select them and you’re all working together! Together, meaning that no one’s taking charge and doing all the work, Venaz, Kissilt. And no one’s slacking off! I’ll just fail teams outright if I hear of that.”
“Why does he always single us out?”
Kissilt grumbled. Venaz nodded. Wil and Yerranola rolled their eyes and Cameral turned his head all the way around to stare incredulously at the Drake and Minotaur. From his podium, Niers waited as the buzz of anticipation grew louder. Foliana was searching through Feshi’s bag. She’d found a snack and began nibbling some grapes.
“Now—”
Niers kicked a small bell on the podium and the ding of noise made all his students look up. The Titan smiled.
“Take note. Here are my teams. Sillk! You, Peki, and Yerranola will be our first group.”
“Yes, Professor!”
A Lizardboy, still too young to be fully grown, sat up in his seat. He looked across the room and his face fell as Peki stared at him. Yerranola groaned, but good-naturedly.
“Aw. I wanted to team up with Wil! Peki? Well, she’s cool.”
She waved at the Garuda. Niers went on.
“Sillk, Peki, Yerranola. I know, you’ve been assigned to this team before, but no complaints! This is about advanced teamwork, not managing personalities. I also want Kissilt as our resident Drake to partner with…yes, Illial. And Leondir; two Humans in one team, but different continents. And—put Laiz in your team as well. We’ll change the sizes of teams to make it unfair.”
Yerranola blinked. Venaz opened his mouth, but Wil and Kissilt both nudged him. The Drake growled.
“Don’t be an ass, Venaz. And don’t interrupt or we’ll waste time! Ancestors, I’m stuck with two Humans?”
Wil was writing down the names, frowning up at Sillk. Venaz growled back, distractedly looking at Wil.
“If he’s wrong, he’s wrong. Wil, why are you writing names down?”
“Tactical advantage. We’re competing, remember?”
The Drake and Minotaur paused, and then scrambled for their quills. Kissilt muttered as he frantically wrote down the teams Niers was listing out. He hissed sideways.
“Good point. Damn. Yerranola, you’re in trouble. You have two [Commanders].”
“Better than two junior [Tacticians] and a [Strategist]! Peki and Sillk actually know their way around a battlefield! You think your written orders will translate into a victory?”
“Hah! Want to put money on it?”
“I will. I’ll win.”
“You don’t even know your team, Venaz!”
Behind him, Foliana nodded and stuck a grape on the end of Venaz’ left horn. The Minotaur snorted.
“I know we’ll win.”
