Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 18
“I had the honor of meeting Cognita of Wistram, once. She was unlike any Golem I have ever met, before or since. I wish I had the time to travel to Wistram to meet her there as well. Once the states vote another Magus-Crafter, I intend to.”
“You met this Golem outside of Wistram?”
Nsiia was startled. Femithain nodded.
“Once. She visited Illivere. It is rare, but Cognita is able to go where she pleases. She still has…had…a master whose will she carries out. But she herself can adapt as you or I could. Perhaps she is more intelligent than either of us. She is what Crafters aspire to create. But—no one in Illivere can even craft Sentient-class Golems.”
“I see.”
And Nsiia did. Completely. She saw it on Femithain’s face. If that young Crafter from this morning had looked one way when he had created the imitation of Nsiia, well—that was how Femithain looked now. It was not love. But it had captured him like a dream.
Nsiia wondered if Cognita had posed nude for Femithain, or if he’d been attracted to her for other reasons. Either way, she looked at the Golem heart.
“So how will you form Domehead’s heart? And why is it difficult to make Sentient-class Golems?”
The man came back into the world.
“You mean, impossible? Because we have lost the knowledge, Nsiia. As it is—Forming is an art. In truth, I do not know if the time I put into each Golem heart makes them…better. I believe there is some improvement, but a [Golem Artificer] can spend five minutes on a Golem heart’s forming and get the same result.”
“Why?”
“Here. Look at this and tell me what you see.”
The Magus-Crafter sighed and rotated the orb to Nsiia. She saw the hollow center, waiting for something to go in the glass hole at the top that would be sealed and create the perfect sphere into which mana would flow. Command spells ran like the world’s most convoluted maze all over the orb, connecting it to Domehead’s other lines of instructions.
But there—in the center—was something strange. Nsiia saw it, connected yet separate. Not written in the language of magic, but in…words.
It was a poem.
 
What purpose has the hammer who strikes?
What joy has the fang which bites?
The sword reaps no reward that it cuts.
Yet the satisfaction, aye, that may be it all.
 
“What is this?”
It was a poem written on the Golem’s Heart. Femithain smiled slightly.
“Intention. That is forming, Nsiia. And I will add a material thing to the center of the heart. Something to give the Golem—a purpose. As I said—another [Golem Artificer] could take five minute and copy that poem or another commonly-used speech, or even picture. I…customize each one.”
“But why…?”
“So they are more than words and metal. How else would you make a heart? If you leave it empty, they are just shells. Puppet-class. At least in this way, we can create Autonomous-class Golems.”
That was all the Magus-Crafter said. He led Nsiia onwards to find his Golem’s Heart. She followed, understanding more and less about Golems by the moment.
 
—-
 
The thing that would be Domehead’s Golem’s Heart was important. At least, to Femithain. Others were less caring about intention. They might put in a flower, a few rose petals, a bit of seawater. But apparently, the Golem hearts of old had been truly magnificent and Femithain believed that was the key to creating a Sentient-class Golem.
“So what will be Domehead’s heart?”
“I asked for the one thing I think would be appropriate. And he will also help us ‘teach’ Domehead by refining his move set before the Golem F—the Testing. And here he is. Armsmaster, my thanks!”
