Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 38
Something strange was happening here. The [Druid]’s eyes glittered and he waited for Mrsha to solve it. She thought. She had seen life in abundance in three stages. First, fishies in the lake. Second, marsh-stuff. Third—plains animals.
This was the plains now, largely unchanged. But why were there no animals? The young [Druid] thought. And she had it.
The spiders.
They were all over the Floodplains. Not visible, but Mrsha knew from experience that their camouflaged nests were all over the place. You stepped on them and you went into a nest full of hungry Shield Spiders. That was why you had to stick to the road. And why…the animals were gone.
“They are not native to Izril, you know. They came from Baleros. Only one species. And while not as terrible as others, they breed in great numbers.”
The [Druid] sat heavily on the roof. Shassa was breathing hard. She looked at the man as he spoke to Mrsha.
“Few things can live where one species dominates. Now I have shown you what I see. Tell me— Mrsha of the Stone Spears tribe. Think of the Shield Spiders of these Floodplains. You, who have seen them more than I or Shassa. Do they spread beyond number? Do they choke other life? I say it so.”
He held up a hand before Shassa could reply.
“I say they will multiply until all else dies here. I say—the Floodplains may lack for trees. It has changed, by the actions of Drakes. But what it could be now is still less than it is. Think carefully before you respond, Mrsha. But this is your land. What do you say?”
What did she say? Mrsha looked at Shassa. The [Spiderweb Druid] was a friend of the Shield Spiders. But even she…the Drake looked across the Floodplains. She bowed her head.
“I say it is so. Ancestors, but the webfolk are too hungry. They eat everything. There are hundreds of thousands. And those don’t even count the young, the unborn…”
She could sense them. For a moment, Mrsha saw as she did. She saw the nests. Thousands of them. Some close to the inn. Spiders milled about—Mrsha felt her fur standing on end.
Nalthaliarstrelous nodded. It was two votes now, a clear majority. But that wasn’t how it worked. They waited for Mrsha.
Below, in the inn, a Dragon blasted a chess board and sent everyone running for cover as he vented his fury. Above, a small Gnoll thought gravely. And at last…
She nodded. Nalthaliarstrelous bowed his head.
“So then.”
Shassa’s eyes filled with tears. Mrsha looked at them. She did not understand. Yet.
She had one last lesson to learn about [Druids].
 
—-
 
Xrn hiked up towards The Wandering Inn. She wanted to see what all the fuss was about and why Belgrade and Garry had both run out of the Hive. She pushed open the door to the inn.
Just in time to hear the cheering. The crowd barely noticed her.
Erin Solstice was shaking hands. Teriarch—Grand Magus Eldavin had stormed off.
Contrary to the mood, it wasn’t the sweeping victory you might expect. To the chess aficionados, it was clear that it was very close.
Erin and Teriarch, as master-players, had played to a draw eight games. Between master-classes, that was usual. But Teriarch had lost the first game due to his overconfidence.  By the time he’d taken the game seriously, Erin had smoked him.
He’s actually won the next game, and the fourth. But Erin had won the eighth after four draws, and the Dragon had lost his temper.
“Poor sportsmanship. Just, just tragic.”
