Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 22
And realized the enemy was fighting Battalion 3. Crusader 51 hesitated. He saw Crusader 53 turning his head to check the enemy. The other Soldiers in Squad 5 shifted ever-so-slightly.
What a strange way to fight! This wasn’t like the Hive. In the Hive, they would be engaged now and fighting, sometimes surrounded by the foe.
Hundreds of swarming insect-monsters, or surrounding a whipping Flesh Worm. Or—Face Stealer would be there, and every Soldier would be falling over.
If the armored foes attacked, they would fill the tunnels after passing Belgrade’s traps. And each Soldier not resting or retreating would be moving to a new hotspot; when the dungeon attacked, it was fighting, sometimes for hours—until it was abruptly done.
This?
Battalion 3 was fighting a rank of Drakes and Gnolls, who very politely weren’t exploding through the stone to grab Antinium and drag them into the darkness. Nothing was scuttling on the ceiling, and there weren’t any fliers.
When an attack did come, it was from the left as Tersk had predicted. A second group of Drakes and Gnolls charged down the pass, shouting.
“Drisshia! Drisshia triumphant!”
They had long pikes and heavy armor. Battalion 3 was advancing as their opponents peeled away; Crusader 51 was aware of Tersk bellowing.
“Battalion 3—hold! Hold—”
They met in a clash. Crusader 51 saw a pike aimed at his chest and side-stepped it. The tip skated off his shield, ran into an Antinium behind Crusader 51, and stopped as the Antinium blocked it. The Drake holding the pike slammed to a stop, and one behind him darted forwards with a sword and shield of his own.
“Die, Ants!”
He lunged, stabbing at the only spot he could see; Crusader 51’s face. The Antinium parried the sword.
The Drake’s eyes bulged, and he swung his shield across his body. Crusader 51 saw the Drake stumble backwards as Crusader 53 brought his mace down on an arm and someone screamed.
Still less noisy than hearing a Flesh Worm shriek. And…Crusader 51 saw the panicked [Soldier]’s shield blocking his face and chest.
So he stabbed the Drake in the inner elbow of the sword arm. Not deep enough; the sword didn’t slice the arm off, but the Drake screamed.
“Miuss! Get back!”
The pike-Drake thrust his friend back and the Drake retreated. 
“Potion! Get a potion—”
“Fall back! Fall back! Allies away!”
Another Drake came at Crusader 51, and he blocked a sword that bounced off his shield. When he went to riposte, his opponents were running. Crusader 51 found himself, sword poised for a thrust, with no one to thrust at.
The attack had just come to test Battalion 1’s defenses, or let the other force fall back. Either way…Tersk hesitated.
“Hold ground! Bows!”
Crusader 51 fumbled for his bow and raised an arrow. He loosed as Tersk bellowed; he watched his arrow fall short and two Drakes fall. One got up as his friends pulled him to his feet. The other did not.
And then the battle was over. Crusader 51 was left with blood on the tip of his sword, a miffed feeling…and the Antinium’s first victory spreading across Liscor’s army.
However, it wasn’t Battalion 1, Squad 5’s victory. It was Battalion 3’s.
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
When the first contact report came in, Olesm snapped an order through her speaking stone.
“Wing commander! To Tersk’s position! Be ready to assist!”
“Damn, damn, damn. We have to help the Ants?”
Vell shouted, but Wing Commander kicked her mare into a gallop.
“On me!”
