Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 65
They were there. Not just Gnolls…white Gnolls. Some of the pictures on the books definitely showed Gnolls with white fur—but Satar didn’t know what the books contained. It didn’t matter—later, she’d read everything anyone wanted to give her. Who turned down free books?
…Unless they were bad books, of course. But these? These were their history.
We were there. And they remember. Mrsha watched the scrying orb and knew this made up for all the missed dessert in the world.
 
Mri: Good work, old guy. You’re old.
Fetohep of Khelt: I am aware.
 
Satar was less sardonic. She was crying again. She saw her people across the books of the world. And not from their perspective. Other species wrote of them. Critically, complimentary—but in such ways that you couldn’t deny that they had been there and done great things.
She saw the world differently, and all because they had stood there and told her the truth. She looked around and saw the longing in even Cers’ eyes. Cers, who didn’t like reading.
He wanted to know those stories. If only they could know those stories…
Maybe we’ll know the truth behind Doombringers. See it.
Someone had tried to erase the history of Gnolls, and they had done a thorough job, especially with a certain Wyrm accidentally aiding them at one point in history. But they couldn’t erase everything and burn every book.
And that truth would set everything right. If any descendants of the original conspirators were still trying to hide the truth, this was a very unhappy day for them.
It was then, looking at this display of goodwill from people eager to give Gnolls something, however small, and stick it to the Drakes, that Satar realized what the Meeting of Tribes was missing.
She looked at Inkar, holding hands with Tkrn. The least monstrous person you could imagine to represent Earth. Rose too, come to it.
Adetr knew that. But still, he feared what he’d seen. Like Mrsha, in a way, Doombringers were a nightmare if all you knew were the Retellings. But if you looked at Mrsha, lying bloated after too many bites of tuna or rolling down a hill with Gire?
Could you see a monster?
Yelroan knew the answer, but Satar had no idea of what he had found. Or whom he now feared.
As more texts with Gnolls were unveiled and Noass’ name was made fun of at least a dozen times, which was bordering cruelty, Satar turned away. Because she had an idea. The only question was—could it be done?
Surely. They had to try.
 
——
 
Back to the Meeting of Tribes that morning. The [Chieftains] didn’t get to watch their achievements reflected in the literature of the world. They were tired of dark revelations.
Scared by the prospect of another world. A people they couldn’t comprehend.
Truly couldn’t. Adetr had watched Rose’s movies, and she’d realized something when he had ducked when he thought something was coming towards him.
The first Humans who saw movies, like a simple clip of a train coming their way, had ducked and gone for cover. They had been uncritical viewers incapable of that level of abstraction to understand it was simply an image because they had never seen the like before.
In the same way, Gnolls had no reference for a skyscraper. They imagined a tall building, but even that was largely foreign to Plains Gnolls.
It truly was hard for them to think of Earth and all too easy to understand the worst of them. Just like, frankly, Earth would fear a world where something like A’ctelios Salash just lay buried in the sand or Crelers roamed.
