Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 13
“By House Veltras, we will. Whenever and whatever the odds. I will not forget this, Lord Etril.”
From another man, the short address might have sounded cheap given all that had passed. From Tyrion…he meant it. Etril almost smiled, but he glanced towards the people on the docks.
“—And it’ll be Krakens at sea once we dock. The things we’ve seen beggar belief. I must report to my House, but I hope I can speak with you before you fly off, Wind Runner?”
“A-absolutely, Lord Wellfar. Should I call on you here or…?”
Ryoka didn’t know where he’d be going, but the [Captain] smiled wryly.
“I don’t doubt I’ll find you. If I need to, I’ll just sail towards the nearest war.”
Her expression was so colorful that Buscrei began guffawing with Swey. But to Ryoka’s surprise, Etril threw his head back and laughed.
“Peace! Don’t glare at me so, Lord Tyrion!”
He had a sense of humor. She really didn’t know him. But he was Gresaria’s son and…Ryoka didn’t know her much at all either. Only that she was one of the people who’d died when she challenged the Assassin’s Guild. But as First Landing came closer…she realized something.
The city remembered Gresaria Wellfar. It had not been long since the Circle of Thorns was unveiled. And if—
If the theme of the day was television, or a changing city, or just the Free Queen’s wish—this moment would be the catalyst for all of it. For as they landed, Ryoka saw the first signs of how much her reputation—or everything that had happened had changed abroad.
Because fighting for position at the front of the crowd were a bunch of [Mages] wearing those damned robes with Wistram’s admittedly splendid insignia. A television crew, and a Human man was speaking excitedly into the camera.
“—going to have to break in, Miss Drassi! The Pride of the Wellfar has landed, and the victorious House Veltras is disembarking with the famous, nay infamous Wind Runner!”
And while Ryoka Griffin had not seen Erin Solstice’s antics, what with travel and the rest—it was an [Innkeeper] hucking snowballs at Noass from her garden who looked up and saw Ryoka.
 
——
 
First Landing was founded in a time before even General Dolost. Not that much farther back, actually, in the grand chronology of this world’s history—which admittedly had gaps.
Humans were ‘new’ to Izril. New enough that they hadn’t spread across all of Izril’s wilds.
Then again, the reason there were more wilds was because the wars of invasion had scorched Drake and Gnoll lands already fractured from their long war that had seen Walled Cities burn. However, the Five Families dealt the final blow to Drake superiority in the north. The first scions of Veltras, El, Wellfar, Reinhart, and Terland destroyed the last northern Walled Cities.
First Landing was the product of the same hands that had razed the greatest cities of Drakes. And the Five Families had been at least as good at building as destroying.
The harbor should have still been, well, a harbor. No matter the achievement, harbors were inherently messy, busy places where [Sailors] and crew would be fuelling the lifeblood of a port city.
…It was just that this harbor had some, um, differences. For instance, First Landing was flanked by two gates bearing the crests of all five families. Wellfar’s sigil was split in half and would only be centered when the two metal gates closed. And when they closed, the tides themselves would change, because the gates were fifty feet tall over the waves.
