Interlude – Conversations
Page 29
“You would need to speak to the owner of the Skill, Miss Erin Solstice.”
Valeterisa nodded, eyes a bit blank as her hands and magic explored the obstruction.
“I see. Then may I meet with…ah.”
She stared at the garden’s door. Montressa saw the Archmage float back and put a finger to her head.
“Grand Magus, I have a small problem. I will contact you once I find a solution. Hm.”
She lowered herself to the floor, then began to walk back and forth. Montressa saw, in a flash, magical symbols appear. Valeterisa reached into her pouch, produced a rock, and stared at it. It vanished, popping out of existence…and appeared right in front of the door, landing with a thump.
“Teleportation failure. [Dispel Magic] failure, of course. Can you portal in? Do I know a portal spell? Let’s see. Shadow walking, beacon-based porting, intangibility? I see an opening in the area beyond. Intriguing, but if it is dimensional…I would have to search for it. A barrier exists. I wonder how strong it is? [Bind Spell]. [Tier Ascendant: Localized Earthquake].”
“Archmage, it’s the [Garden of Sanctuary]. You can’t just—no, no, no!”
Montressa panicked as the Archmage’s eyes began to glow. She was really doing it! Not [Acid Wave], but—she tried to grab Valeterisa, but her hands struck another invisible barrier. Montressa saw Valeterisa focus on the door…
And then Ishkr walked in front of her. She stopped, hand raised.
“Excuse me. I am attempting to enter this area. Please step back. This is probably dangerous.”
The Gnoll [Head Server] glanced at her. He calmly held out a paw. And when he spoke, his words reached even Valeterisa. Mainly because he was using a [Thought-Provoking Statement]. A Skill for legends…or people working at Erin’s inn. You would not believe how useful it was.
“Archmage Valeterisa, this is private property. Moreover, I would advise you not to do something you would regret.”
The Archmage focused on his calm, polite words. She frowned. She looked at Montressa blankly—then saw a figure standing behind her.
Well, figures. Pawn had his hands clasped together, all four, and Seborn was staring at Valeterisa in a way only the Drowned Man could. Antinium were filing out of the basement, hallway, and some were staring through the windows.
“Ah. This would be unacceptable?”
“Unacceptable.”
Valeterisa’s mouth moved silently and then she lifted a finger.
“…Could I pay a fine?”
“No.”
“Would Wistram be able to compensate the damages?”
“I believe not. It would be a hugely significant issue for Wistram, Archmage Valeterisa.”
The woman frowned, looked at Ishkr, then sighed and lowered her hand.
“Hm. Well, damn.”
She kicked at the opening to the garden, looking genuinely frustrated. She glanced around and her eyes narrowed.
“Interesting. Higher levels than I would have anticipated among Antinium based on records. And…”
Her head swivelled around and she focused on Pawn.
“The leader has…three levels in [Carpenter]. [Tactician]…odd. Very low.”
She stared at Pawn. Her brows crossed. Valeterisa eyed Seborn, then looked around. Another smile appeared on her face.
“I am so sorry, I appear to have caused a misunderstanding or incident. Please accept my sincere apologies, and this, for the inconvenience.”
She reached into her money pouch, put five gold coins into Ishkr’s surprised paw, and headed for the door. Montressa saw the Archmage walk past one of the Antinium Soldiers.
“Excuse me. Pardon me.”
