Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 25
“I understand a commanding officer is going to look at him tomorrow, sir. You’ll have to go to him.”
“Ah, the ‘Mercenary Captain’, Yulre.”
Cubol’s smile turned into a frown, and one of the bodyguards, who was a [Slave], spat.
“I don’t believe he will be amenable…no indeed. I would prefer to take 53 now, [Sergeant] Velden. I will pay you handsomely.”
The [Veteran Sergeant] hesitated. He looked around, but none of Luldem’s officers were nearby.
“You’d have to speak to our [Major], Slaver…”
“No, no. Sergeant, I don’t believe you and your squad heard me. I would like to purchase the prisoner you have…now. And when the Gnoll comes, he will not find me. Or the Antinium. And I am prepared to compensate you all for this issue.”
That was when the bag of gold coins came out, and all of Big Yam caught on to what was happening. A handful of gold coins spilled into Cubol’s claw.
Fat gold coins. With Roshal’s insignia on them, the scales—but they weren’t balanced. They were weighted on one end, and there was a bag and…hand…on either scale.
But the gold was real. Vess knew that some currencies had different standards. These looked like they were a bit bigger than your average gold coin.
Velden gulped.
“I…think you are trying to bribe a [Soldier] of the Luldem-Drisshia-Hectval Alliance, sir.”
“I very much think I am. Before you do anything drastic, [Sergeant], let me do something.”
Eight gold coins, more pay than Vess would earn in the entire war, even as a [Corporal]—Vess and Velden and half the squad combined even at veteran pay, even for all of the fighting—fell into Velden’s claw. The Drake nearly tried to offer it back, but Cubol closed his claw around it.
“That isn’t a bribe, Sergeant. That is a gift. A gift such as Roshal tends to give out freely. That is a gift. Now—let us talk what I would pay for. And pay very dearly for, at that.”
He could retire on that. He could retire or give his family…he could quit this war tomorrow. 
Vess’ mouth was open. Cubol looked around, and Big Yam all focused on him like a beam of light.
“Enough for everyone here, I might add. Or should I regretfully turn myself in to your [Major] for discussions?”
“I…”
“Velden.”
Vess whispered, but the [Sergeant] was hypnotized by the gold coins in his claw. He was not a bad [Sergeant]. He took care of Vess, taught him…
But that gold was like a magic of its own. The [Sergeant] put the coins into his pouch and looked around, a strange gleam in his eyes.
A Skill? Or was it just Cubol?
“Someone go make sure no officer’s on patrol. Why don’t we sit down? Less noticeable that way. We can’t just give up a prisoner, sir. That’d be obvious.”
Cubol sat down. Vess wanted to grab Velden, but Big Yam slowly spread out, hiding the [Slaver]’s entourage, the same gleam in their eyes as Velden.
It reminded Vess of his Hoarding years. He felt his own claw shaking. Gold. I’ve never seen so much—
He wasn’t a hatchling! He was a [Soldier] who had signed up to make money and fight the enemy. Vess clenched his claw, fighting with himself—and he realized he was the only one. Some [Soldiers] looked apprehensive, but Cubol?
Maybe it was a Skill. Vess was the lone magic-user. Maybe it was a charm spell? He would be resistant to that. His head snapped up, and he stared at the Drake’s claws.
But he couldn’t prove anything; he wasn’t good enough to identify what the Drake was doing.
