Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 27
Flynn looked at Cognita with more respect. Trey nodded. He spoke, as Cognita turned to hand the little child-[Lady] from Terandria a key.
“A slave?”
The hall—fell silent. Trey realized everyone had heard him. And—Cognita herself.
The Truestone Golem turned. The [Mages] backed up as she looked at Trey. She walked over.
“Cognita—he’s a new student. One of the special cases—”
A nervous Human edged forwards. Cognita walked forwards and he edged back out of her way. Cognita looked neither at him nor at anyone else. She stopped in front of Trey.
“Do you believe that is the case, young [Mage]? Troy Atlas?”
She knew his name and they had never met. That didn’t surprise Trey. He looked up, heart pounding.
That face, capable of expression, but expressionless. Her perfect grace and strength. An alien being, more alien than a living person because she would live forever. The ruler of Wistram, Fetohep had called her.
She was terrifying. But—Trey looked up and met Cognita’s eyes. And he had seen older. He bowed, and clasped a hand to his breast as the young man had done.
“Forgive me, Cognita. That was what it sounded like. A Golem that thinks is not like any other. If a Golem thinks, it is a person. And if a Golem must serve a master, it is a slave. I thought Wistram Academy didn’t have any slaves. Do you believe you are one?”
He looked up. The Truestone Golem examined him from head to toe. It was not how Trey would have preferred to be known—but he had wanted to ask.
The other [Mages] were poised—for violence, something—they probably had no idea. But then Cognita smiled. She nodded to Trey.
“Whether I am slave or servant, young [Mage], is something you will learn if you continue your studies into Golems. You may believe what you wish. It does not change what I am. And I am here to assign you to your rooms. Please excuse the interruption. Follow me. Caran Euthand? Your quarters will be…”
Trey exhaled as Cognita walked away. Flynn patted him on the shoulder and said something. The other [Mages] stared at him and Trey realized he’d stood out again. But that was fine. He looked at Cognita’s back. She had shown no expression save for that smile. But—he had sworn—one of the passing servant Golems had turned to look at him while she’d spoken.
And it had winked.
Trey Atwood realized he had a lot more to learn. Not just about magic. About Golems. About the academy and Earth and how they’d come to be here.
Also—where was Archmage Amerys?
 
—-
 
Illivere was not a large nation. Not like Nerrhavia, which was so vast people told stories about how you could ride for months and not see the end of the border—if you didn’t have Skills, that was. Or a magical horse.
However, it was still a nation and even if Elbe was closer to Dellva than some states—getting there was a matter of time. Happily—Nsiia and Femithain had time to spare.
Also, they rode a Golem Carriage. Pulled by a Golem Horse.
“So you do make Golems in shapes other than humanoid! Why don’t you have hundreds of these?”
Nsiia insisted on inspecting every part of the beautiful, ceramic steed. It was a masterpiece; the legs moved fluidly, rather than the segmented Cat-Golem. Somehow the creator had given the pottery the ability to move like flesh!
“It is far more difficult for most Crafters to design non-Humanoid shapes, Nsiia. Most of our designs are standardized around the humanoid body. Balancing another animal—it’s not usually done. I’ve made some attempts. I made a Golem Cow once.”
“Why?”
