Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 42
The person to break the thoughtful silence was a Human. Earlia, captain of Gemhammer. She was a former [Miner] and she knew gold. She eyed the nugget and everyone considered that number. It wasn’t a small amount. Okay, some in the room were rich. Others were not. Adventurers could always use more money. So could poor, hardworking [Senators]. And [Shopkeepers]. And a [Bartender] could buy a nice stool with ten gold pieces.
The gold had a luster of its own. The adventurer nodded slowly.
“It’d be a shame not to pick it up. Hey. Blaik, you go for it.”
Earlia turned to one of her team. The brawny Human adventurer hesitated.
“What, me? I’m not a pet.”
“No, you’re my subordinate. Go pick it up.”
“Why don’t you, Captain?”
“Well…”
Earlia hesitated. Some people in the inn were clearly less preoccupied with Numbtongue’s taunt than, say, the attraction of free gold. Pisces for one. He was slowly sliding towards the gold at roughly Mrsha’s pace. But now Earlia and the others saw the problem. Well, if they went for it, then the others would too. She casually took a sip from her empty mug.
“Maybe I might.”
Errif, not to be confused with Elirr, who was having a drink at the bar, gulped. The Head of Pallass’ [Merchant]’s guild spoke slowly.
“You know, I would wager that’s eight gold pieces’ worth of pure gold in that nugget…fourteen if you find a [Mage] or [Alchemist] in need of gold as a component. Just so we’re clear, yes?”
He looked around the room. Speculative eyes stared at the nugget. Mrsha, who’d been creeping up on it all this time, noticed the stares. She looked up, hesitated, and with uncanny intuition and restraint, decided this was not, in fact, worth it. She slunk back to Erin. The [Innkeeper], laughing quietly, scooped her up. Erin looked around and then shouted.
“My precious!”
Fourteen Gnolls, half the Drakes in the room, Pisces, Ceria, Relc, and Lyonette all went for the nugget. The scramble was so intense that Erin ducked back as tables and chairs went flying. She hollered as she carried Mrsha to safety.
“I’m gonna have to test my new Skill now! Hey! No magic! I said, no magic!”
In the end it was Earlia who emerged, panting, from the mess. She’d been fastest, and she sat down at a table, nursing a swollen lip and two bruises. She plonked the nugget on the table in front of the other adventurers. Jelaqua, who’d been too busy sitting with Maughin and Bevussa, who wasn’t that desperate, looked up. The former [Miner] grinned.
“Woof.”
She sat down with the Gold-ranks. Across the inn, Numbtongue was happily sitting with Yellow Splatters and Mrsha and Erin and Octavia, his back straight and proud. He might not be allowed in Liscor, or Celum, but he’d won something and all the adventurers sensed it. Keldrass stomped over to the table and sat down. No one said a word. Earlia tapped the gold nugget with a spoon and listened to the sound it made. Then she looked up.
“Have you ever heard of it? The Golden Goblin?”
“What?”
The Pallassian adventurers sitting around the table gave her a blank look.  Jelaqua on the other hand frowned. Earlia nodded to her.
