Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 25
Igheriz called out. Bearig was dragged off Pisces and dealt a dozen blows. Pisces stared at the [Cook] as Bearig’s blood ran down his neck from a lash from a riding crop. He had a bloody nose.
“Why did you do that?”
The [Necromancer] demanded, furious. The [Cook] mumbled.
“It will do nothing to help. Do not.”
“Don’t.”
Cawe whispered. Pisces looked at her for a long, long moment. He thought of Bevussa, the only Garuda he had known besides her. He tilted his head up to the harsh sun and blue skies.
“Thank you.”
He told Bearig. The man nodded and they resumed. Pisces did nothing, even afterwards. He simply resolved to kill the [Guard], Igheriz, and every other person here. Hatred?
He hadn’t known hatred, even against his father, like what was in him now.
Then they met the third caravan.
 
—-
 
It took two days to reach Riqre’ma Medaale’s caravan. In that time, Pisces saw the effects of Leciaun on all the [Slaves]. Not just Cawe or Eloque. Droppe refused to talk to anyone for a day. When he did, he laughed and told jokes and never said a word about yesterday. Many had suffered.
Especially Merr the Storm. The [Bandit Lady] had been the most defiant in Hrome’s lines, newly enslaved. She had been lashed, beaten—Hrome had no policy like Igheriz’s three strikes—without change.
Then Leciaun had come and gone and she was…silent. She walked in a daze.
Two days. The first day was the worst and Pisces retreated into memories of Gewilena. Of the past. Misery begat misery; he remembered his failures, darkest moments.
Erin dying. What would she say? If she or anyone he had ever loved was here…? Ceria? Yvlon, Erin?
He was glad it was him instead. Not that he would have been safe necessarily. A laughing Igheriz had caught him at the end of the day.
“Be doubly glad I put you to sleep and watched over you, Pisces! Few men here like such things, but some might leave you something to remember by just because you are famous! Ah, but I am so kind.”
He rode off and Pisces nearly threw up his meal keeping all the hatred inside him.
 
—-
 
They called him Azam.
Mighty Azam. Azam the Powerful.
Azam, Aethertraveller Djinni.
Azam of Ozeclith, of Nerrhavia’s Fallen.
Names for what he could do, for his power and nature as a Djinni, where he had been ‘born’, but none of these names were him. They were labels, like his name itself.
He thought of himself as Azam of course, because one had to have a name. Yet all those of his people who had ever met him told him it was…sad.
Sad, short, truncated—an imitation of a true Djinni’s name. Those who had given it to him had done it to make him seem like those caught before, who had lived and breathed free air. All it did was inform those who met him he had never been free.
Perhaps for one second. For one infinitesimal moment—he had been. Azam sometimes tried to recall it, wondering if the joy of creation had also been that…that moment of true freedom before he had sensed the bindings, and begun to learn what he was.
Azam thought of this, his mind going back to the past, as he stood sentry outside the camps. He did not need to sleep the same way other mortals did, though he did need rest. He was different. Djinni. Slave of magic, who would outlive them all.
He thought of the past to ignore Eloque’s weeping. The other voices he could hear in the camp.
Leciaun.
Did he feel a bit of gratitude towards her? Was that why he talked to her, of all of them? Perhaps. Perhaps because Igheriz turned his attentions to her, and not Azam. No one was safe.
