Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 24
The Gnoll looked at Relc, overflowing with a young man’s curiosity. That was how they got you. A [Veteran] talked to applicants, or found someone on the streets like this kid and you signed up for the army. Especially if you had nothing left. Especially if you were fighting Antinium, or Goblins. Relc shook his head—then focused on the question.
“I never knew the class. Or even his name. An old Gnoll with a hunting spear showed me. He was leaving his tribe; said he was done.”
“Done? With his tribe? It was a Gnoll?”
The City Gnoll looked at Relc. The Drake nodded.
“Better than any [Spearmaster] in the city I’ve met. He was done. I’m not sure what it was. I think his tribe wanted him to stay. Just like me—but he was done. Leaving. We got to talking. And, well…he showed me a real master’s skills. More than a [Spear Art]. I never figured out exactly what he did, but he and I were standing in a bunch of tall grass. He swung his spear and—cut the grass.”
“Okay.”
Relc glowered at the young man.
“It was cooler than how it sounds! He cut the grass from here—”
He gestured at his waist.
“—to here.”
About ankle-level. Relc went on.
“Right in front of us. Then he walked off. I walked to see how far he cut the grass. Two hundred and thirty eight steps.”
The young Gnoll’s jaw was open. Relc winked at him.
“That’s why I don’t brag. Too much.”
Without being told, the young Gnoll knew it was that last move the Drake had been practicing. And if that wasn’t the full thing…he was surprised when a huge, clawed hand was held out.
“My name’s Relc. Did I say that? Who’re you?”
The young man hesitated, wary. But—the Drake had let him go once. So he shook the clawed hand.
“Vokkhar. Vok for short.”
“Hey, nice to meet you, kid. Just don’t let me or anyone else catch you in a fight. The Watch in this city don’t seem to like…Gnolls that much.”
Vok blinked at Relc.
“They don’t.”
He flinched, fearing—but Relc just nodded. He looked tired as he leaned on his spear. Then he patted Vok on the arm.
“I’m from Liscor. It’s different, here.”
“Different for Gnolls?”
Relc turned back. He was walking back to his apartments. He looked at Vok, and saw the longing, hungry gaze. He shrugged.
“I wouldn’t know. I think so, but you’d have to ask them. I miss it.”
Then he turned and walked up to his rooms. Relc grabbed a change of clothes, visited a public bathhouse where only Drakes were allowed in during this hour. Fur in the water. He washed, had a meal at an outdoor stall.
Then he sent Zevara a [Message] requesting reassignment. He did not go into details. He felt a bit better.
 
—-
 
Relc’s routine didn’t come back the next day. What he did do was practice in the pre-dawn morning, before he went to work. He spotted Vok watching and some of the Gnoll kids and waved to them.
When he went to work…he went to work. He armored up, mostly in silence, greeting a few [Guards], and listened.
Two of the Gnolls in the Watch House were present as Terigrals gave a speech. But they were [Guards]. Part of the team. The Watch Captain was like that. His briefing though, was blunt.
“This Woven Bladegrass issue and the Meeting of Tribes is causing havoc across Izril. I want patrols being sharp. Make sure there’s no trouble.”
“What trouble is that, Watch Captain?”
Possel asked, directly. Terigrals glowered.
“Riots. Mobs overblowing issues or taking sides. There were Gnoll riots in Vershe; Drakes joined in too. Once one starts, it becomes looting and chaos. We won’t have that here.”
The other [Guards] nodded. Relc just listened. Terigrals went on.
