Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 24
Instantly, one of his [Bodyguards] appeared right behind Xherw, an axe raised. Yelroan saw the magical paint glowing, shedding the [Invisibility] spell. He knew Xherw’s bodyguards did that, but still slopped his tea all over himself.
“What issue, Chieftain?”
“Is there anyone nearby? Do a sweep.”
The [Shamanic Warrior] nodded. Yelroan clarified as Xherw looked at him.
“I don’t know if it was an assassination attempt. I just think my life might be under threat. Or maybe it’s a prank?”
“Why would this be? Did you…anger someone ag—at all?”
Yelroan coughed.
“Not that I can remember. But someone did break into my tent. I checked, but I don’t think they stole anything. They might have copied data down, but if they did, why would they tell me?”
“And who would use it?”
Xherw mused. Yelroan raised his brows.
“Chieftain, I have all the income, supply reports, even classes of all of Plain’s Eye and our allies written down.”
“Ah. That is concerning. But you say you don’t think it was that?”
Yelroan rubbed at one ear.
“No, Chieftain. If that were so, I’d never know about it—and I would like some bodyguards because I do have precious data. I know the other sub-[Chieftains] wouldn’t think of it like that…”
“You will have whatever you need, Yelroan. I understand. Tell me what was so odd.”
That was Xherw. He listened. Yelroan got up. He walked over to one of the chalkboards, flipped it over, and Xherw blinked. Yelroan pointed to it.
“See?”
Xherw looked at the big word written in chalk across the board. Yelroan had circled it, added question marks, but the original writing was clear. One word:
 
Sin.
 
“…Have you done anything to upset anyone, Yelroan? Beyond your usual antics? Slept with anyone? Injured someone, by chance?”
Yelroan threw up his paws.
“Honestly, Chieftain! I haven’t! I swear! It doesn’t even make sense. But look—”
He pointed. Xherw frowned. He saw…numbers after the word.
“I assume you wrote them.”
“Ah, you would normally be correct, Chieftain! Except I didn’t. Not this time.”
There was an odd set of numbers that made no sense to Xherw. If he read the entire thing and assumed it came from the mysterious intruder, it read…
 
Sin. 5
= (-) 0.95892427466
 
“…What does that mean?”
Yelroan’s eyes glinted excitedly behind his tinted sunglasses.
“I have no idea, Chieftain. But it might be…a puzzle? Look—there are more, and I think they’re examples.”
He pointed to another number, which corresponded to another random series of smaller numbers. Xherw’s eyes began to cross just trying to figure it out. He understood the decimal point, percentages, and even ‘exponents’, something from advanced math that Yelroan had studied, but there he had to stop.
The question was, who would break in, leave a random math problem for a [Mathematician], and leave?
The answer was, of course, a [Paragon] who didn’t know what it meant either. However, neither Gnoll knew that. Yelroan rubbed at his chin, and Xherw shook his head.
“I think we must assume it is a prank or…or a mystery. I will assign a guard to you, Yelroan, but I have more important business. Guards. Seal the tent and stand watch.”
They did, and Yelroan felt his fur rise as Xherw looked at him. The Chieftain chose his words carefully.
“You have always been loyal to Plain’s Eye. I do not trust you with everything—but I have motioned for it, and those who are privy are slowly seeing your great worth, Yelroan. I could overrule them, but I want you to prove your class is good.”
“You honor me, Chieftain. That’s why I stick around.”
Yelroan answered, trying to be genuine. He saw Xherw smile tiredly.
