Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 17
“Whenever I have a student in this room, it’s always a mixed feeling. On one hand, I couldn’t be prouder of you. Either of you. You did it. You defeated Tulm the Mithril and you won my game. Out of all your peers, you excelled. As a teacher, I’m delighted. But also melancholic.”
“Sir?”
Niers smiled as he looked at Wil.
“Because it means your time at my academy, in my classes, is coming to a close. You two are nearing graduation. It might be in another year or two, or it could be sooner.”
The two inhaled sharply. Niers nodded.
“It’s a sign. Well, your class is all nearing that point. But this moment especially is significant. I may never have Venaz in this room, or Yerranola, or Feshi or any of the others. It’s not as though I offer the opportunity to win a question all the time. But I try to make time to have a one-on-one talk before each student goes. Sometimes it doesn’t happen, of course.”
“And this is it?”
Umina felt a pang in her stomach. Niers looked at her.
“Not just yet, Umina, my dear. And we might speak like this again. I hope so, in fact! So, let’s not drag down this discussion—you two aren’t graduates yet! Especially after your report! Failing to write your name—”
He laughed at the chagrin on Umina’s face.
“I’m joking, Umina. You and Wil did well! But we won’t talk about that. As I said, this is a conversation. I believe I don’t do all the talking, although I know I tend to dominate discussions.”
He looked meaningfully from side to side. Umina jumped and Wil cut in.
“Er—that means you’ve done this before, Professor?”
“Oh, countless times! With many students! The winners of my games, obviously. As far back as when I started offering them.”
The Titan waved a hand, smiling fondly at the memories only he could see. Umina was relaxing, or the strong liquid burning her forked tongue was.
“Then—you’ve had all your students in here, Professor? Or the best ones. That means—Professor Perorn? Fleethoof?”
“One of my first winners. I think she sat in your very chair, Umina.”
Niers winked at the Lizardgirl. Umina turned bright red. Wil coughed.
“She didn’t, Professor.”
“Oh, come now, Wil. Let Umina have her moment! No, she didn’t. Centaurs and chairs don’t mix. But she probably sat somewhere around where we are!”
Niers laughed and Umina exhaled, grinning sheepishly. Niers waved a hand.
“Yes. I’ve had conversations with many, many students here. Some for the question, others just because I wanted to talk to them before they left. As people, not in our usual relationship.”
“So—if I may ask—”
“Ask away! There are no bad questions here!”
Niers chuckled. Wil nodded.
“What about Tulm the Mithril?”
Umina coughed on her chips. Niers paused. Both Wil and Umina remembered Tulm, and his overpowering presence at Daquin. But he too had been one of the Titan’s students. Umina tried to imagine him in one of their classes. But Niers just nodded.
“Tulm, oh yes. And oh, no. I certainly taught him and had conversations with Tulm, but not ever here. Not after he won my game.”
“Really?”
The two younger [Strategists] leaned forwards. Niers grinned ruefully.
“You both know how he won my games? Yes? Well, do you think he sat in this room after burning down an entire city to win my game? I sent him his answer in letter form. If he and I had been here, it would have turned ugly. I was furious at him.”
“Really? But he won—”
