Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 28
“You’re…a Dryad?”
Two burning, glowing eyes in the old wood face.
“Yes. Not many remember. You do. But look at me. Do you know why my body is lost to stone? My forest is long gone. My tree is dead. The wise protectors fled into the sea. Kin of fang and fur are dead or wild or the last hide. The great forests are all but gone or tamed. So I will soon follow. But for now, I am part of this place they call Ailendamus. For my kind. Do you understand?”
“Immortals.”
Ryoka whispered. Fithea’s smile was cracked, like stone.
“Yes. You have met many, now.”
“I’m…I’m sorry about disturbing them.”
A gnarled hand rose, a slow gesture from side to side like the shake of a head.
“Better you didn’t die. Gilaw is young. Wild. They made her Great Knight because she is strong, but she is a child. I teach her, but she is young.”
Ryoka’s head turned. Gilaw had a room next to Fithea’s, and she had slunk in there, but Ryoka saw the telltale signs of a mess in part of this garden-home. A…nest of dead branches and feathers.
A giant one. It could hold a beast of incredible size, and the feathers, like the one Sammial had grabbed as a trophy, were scattered about.
“Er…what is Gilaw? Maybe that’s a private question. I know I—”
“A Griffin.”
Ryoka nearly spat out the earthy tea she’d been served in a pewter cup.
“A Griffin?”
“Not like the mortal ones. She was one amongst generations. She will someday rule her kind, but she is barely forty years old. They found her alone, born of a nest by chance, parents slain. By adventurers. Fools. But that is how it is for all of us. They are all children. You understand? I live to raise them to be old. Some will be, in a hundred years. Others? Longer.”
Ryoka took in a breath. Fithea was so natural about it. She drank by dipping her fingers into the water, like a tree might if it could move. The liquid in the cup didn’t go down, but Fithea just rested her hand in the cup and it slowly emptied over their conversation.
“You’re willing to tell me all this, Fithea? Just…so easily?”
The stone Dryad gave Ryoka a steady look. No—not steady. It burned with desire. Her other hand trembled as she offered Ryoka food clearly snatched from the kitchens.
“Yes. Yes. You know my kin. They spoke to me, from afar. I have not heard…and you bear coinage of another place. Could—could—are there my kind there? Is there a way? You are my guest. Ask me anything, I shall answer.”
“Would Rhisveri be angry if you did?”
Ryoka hesitated. This wasn’t what she expected, but Fithea looked longing. No, desperate. It made Ryoka feel like she was taking advantage of the Dryad’s desperation because she was about to do just that. Yet it was her way in.
“Rhisveri gave us shelter. He needs us to some extent. He does not rule me. I taught him the magic of forests. He is younger than I.”
“I see.”
Ryoka sipped at her drink again.
“So Menorkel, the Merfolk…”
“They come to us, like Gilaw. Most were always there. It was Rhisveri who brought them together, out of hiding. A final sanctuary built and protected by Humans. Only a Wyrm thinks like this.”
Fithea shrugged. Ryoka was fascinated.
“Then Menorkel. I’m sorry, let me show you some of the money…but can I ask about Menorkel?”
“Of course.”
Fithea’s eyes were greedy as Ryoka pulled out the magical coins. She reached for one, and snatched her hand back, barely able to contain herself. She stared at one. She might not have been able to read it, but Ryoka could, and the Dryad somehow knew what it said.
Life. Ryoka met her gaze.
“Menorkel?”
She prompted and Fithea jerked her attention back.
