Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 36
Sixsword’s grip tightened on his sword hilt. The others stopped. And Saliss felt a little surge of anticipation. If there was anyone he wanted to meet—
“Move out.”
Sorry, Saliss wanted to say. He’d say it later. It was just a thought. The adventurers ran on. Just over twenty minutes to the evacuation spot. Twenty one minutes of fighting since they’d been teleported out. Saliss had been ready to meet…
He’d told Erin one lie. It hadn’t been an ‘Armored Crawler’ in Shirka’s village. Those were bad. But that day, Saliss hadn’t killed the monster. He’d just saved a little girl. Barely escaped, really.
The temporary fortifications appeared in the distance. Sixsword shouted.
“Prepared to teleport out! Activate barrier spells as soon as the Antinium close within four hundred f—”
He stopped. The adventurers skidded to a halt. The camp, the glowing teleportation sigils set up, emplacements for barrier spells, was occupied. The people within it turned.
An Antinium with two swords turned and something spread its wings. Soldiers, misshapen, and little scurrying things turned. Saliss saw them clearly with his alchemy-enhanced vision.
Ah, so that was where they were. The worst Antinium to fight. The most active ones who raided Drakes for every attack on their Hives.
Twisted Antinium. They filled the camp. Of the Drakes, the [Mages]—nothing.
“But I just talked to the [Ambush…”
“Back! Form a defensive line! Manus, our escape route is cut off!”
The Swordsman of Six roared into a speaking stone. The Twisted Antinium moved forwards as one. They charged the stunned adventurers—
The first fireball blasted them apart. The Gold-rank [Mage] lowered her staff. Shriekblade threw a dagger, which split into seven. Antinium fell.
The two Centenium watched from the back. There were hundreds of Twisted Antinium and they didn’t fall into the neat classification. Worker, Soldier—
A bloated Worker lunged and Mivifa shot it before it could detonate.
“Twisted Antinium explode! [Archers], bring them down first!”
The adventurers were retreating. A wall of metal rose from the ground, and a barrier spell appeared. Defend—it was instinctual to them. The Walled Cities were sending fliers, reserves to their position.
Hold out and defend. Then escape. The Twisted Antinium charged. And again—they were obliterated.
 
—-
 
An enchanted arrow blew apart a cluster of Soldiers enhanced with the Creler-derived armor. They were sturdy—not that sturdy. The Twisted Queen felt them die; they were close enough to her position for her to coordinate them.
But one Queen was as effective as a [Strategist]. A Gold-rank adventurer was simply too strong.
Watch. She saw a Soldier punch a shield helplessly until the Drake brought the mace down and struck it. Some of the adventurers could literally be struck all day and night by the Soldier’s fists and it wouldn’t be enough.
Well…in another time. In another place, the Antinium would have blades to cut through magic. Speed unparalleled. And yes, flight. They had none of these things now among their forces, just remnants.
However, one thing remained. The Twisted Queen felt someone tug on her. Not physically. It was like a nudge. She smiled. And reached out.
 
Twisted Queen is here.
Silent Queen joins.
Grand Queen wills it.
Flying Queen participating.
Unistasis Network activated.
 
Four of six. Then—the individual voices were lost. The Twisted Queen ceased to be ‘her’.
