Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 28
The band struck up a fast beat as the woman began to sing.
She was performing on the stage with a hat and bright suit ensemble. And yes, she had a fedora with a ribbon tied around the base; she was performing with a band in a jazzy club that The Wandering Inn had turned into.
Erin twirled a cane as she tipped a hat to Rat—Wilovan, and blew a kiss that had half the audience reaching for the little heart. Because that was a Skill?
[Kiss of Love]. Yeah, yeah…
 
—-
 
…That one was a stretch. But could she imagine it?
 
—-
 
“Okay. How do we prank them?”
Erin peeked around the corner. Dawil chortled as he stroked his beard. Falene was reading a book as Ylawes polished his helmet. The Dwarf whispered as she leaned down and the two laughed so hard they nearly gave themselves away—
 
—-
 
And Erin realized. These were all daydreams of things that were all too easy to imagine. Because they could happen. Prank Falene and Ylawes? Each one—except for the vaudeville dancing on stage thing—was realistic.
But if you wanted to be realistic…
 
—-
 
“Erin, my dear, the [Queen] is expecting our presence.”
“I don’t wanna.”
Erin was wrapped up like a caterpillar in blankets. She was playing chess with an opponent from afar. The Earl strode back and forth, nearly tearing his hair out as the [Tailor] fussed with his clothing.
“Erin—it’s the most important event of the year!”
“But I want to play chess. You know I don’t like social affairs.”
“My love, my rainbow-in-the-rain. We do this every time. And please, please don’t make a scene. Can I ask you to at least address them with proper titles? We don’t want a repeat of the last war, do we?”
“Aw. But I was playing chess—”
Erin rolled out of her blankets with a scowl. Her hair was messy, she hadn’t chosen her clothing—the Earl knew they were going to be very unfashionably late.
 
—-
 
Yeah. She could be a jerk. Erin strode around the garden. She had bad sides. They had bad sides. She could just picture it. Take the same stretch-example, for instance—
 
—-
 
It was four in the morning. And it wasn’t the inn’s table.
It was a comfy table. A small one. Meant for a family. Or just a couple. You could be family with only two. Couldn’t you?
The others were like family. They’d come by. Friends, companions. Hats hung at the door in this safe place.
Laughing and smiling in the good times.
Now—she sat there. As she always did. Waiting.
The door opened. A figure walked in. She rose.
“Wilov…?”
He stopped. He must have forgotten this always happened. Erin walked over towards him, but he halted her.
It was just in the way he stood. He didn’t meet her eyes.
His hat was missing.
“What happened?”
“A spot of…bother.”
He exhaled. Erin wanted him to sit down. But he stopped her. Something dripped to the ground.
“Not there. Not—there. I can’t.”
He did not want to sit in that happy place. Not with blood on his hands.
Who was it? Did they…deserve it? She was too afraid to ask. Was it a [Guard]? An accident?
A child?
The silence between them stretched until it could break. In the silence, blood dripped to the floorboards. Leaving a stain by morning.
 
—-
 
“Enough.”
That was all Erin Solstice said. The last imagination ended. Too much. Too real.
Maybe not the family. Not the romance. But that lay at the heart of her relationship with Wilovan and Ratici.
It hurt. The what-ifs. Because they weren’t just ‘ifs’. You—could you look at the person the same way again? If you imagined trying to build your life around with them?
She had not considered Olesm. Nor did she now. Erin stood in the garden. And her breathing was hard.
