Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 22
“Your Watch Captain. She signed this. It gives me…permission. To enter this place. Understand? It says I am an adventurer.”
“I know. But I can’t read it.”
“So open the gates. You Watch Captain—”
“I’m sorry, but Watch Captain Zevara gave the orders. You can’t enter.”
The Drake tiredly cut Numbtongue off. The [Bard] ground his teeth. He looked around.
“I’ll get Erin Solstice. She’ll make you open the gates.”
The [Guardsman] hesitated. He glanced towards the inn and shook his head, a touch warily.
“…She can’t make us open the gates. And she agrees with the Watch Captain. The magic door’s off-limits too. And if you do enter, we’re allowed to arrest you. So don’t try.”
Numbtongue knew that. And the [Guardsman] clearly knew that was the case as well, which was why Numbtongue hadn’t tried the door. He’d had…conversations with Erin about this. He folded his arms.
“I want to go in.”
“Sorry, Mister uh…Hobgoblin.”
“Numbtongue.”
“Right. Sorry. But you’ll be in danger if you enter the city.”
“I don’t care.”
The Drake sighed. He looked at someone on the battlements and then looked down and shook his head.
“Well, believe it or not, I do. It’s my job if you get in, and that Human [Innkeeper] will probably gut me. If Captain Zevara doesn’t turn my face to ash first. You’re not getting in. And you can try the other gates, but they’ll just close too. And if you keep standing out here…”
“You’ll shoot me?”
“No. But we are authorized to call Erin Solstice.”
Numbtongue glared. The [Guard] gave him a tired look. The Hobgoblin paused. He looked back at the inn, and clenched his fists.
“Goblins died for this city.”
The pause that this statement provoked was longest yet. The [Guard] on the walls hesitated. But at last, he shook his head.
“Right. I’m sorry.”
Numbtongue stared up at the Drake. He stared at the closed gates. He heard the whispering from above and looked up bitterly.
“For what?”
“Excuse me?”
The Drake on the walls frowned. Numbtongue gestured up at the city.
“We all died. But that doesn’t bother you. It’s a good thing. Less Goblins. Too bad one survived.”
He turned and stomped back the way he’d come. Numbtongue heard no reply from above, but after about fifty paces, he heard the gates slowly begin to rise. The Hobgoblin was tempted for a moment to run back and run for the entrance, but he knew they’d close them before he even got there. And staying in front of the gates wouldn’t work either. They’d get Erin. And she wouldn’t help. At least in this.
The Goblin walked back towards the inn, head bowed, feet padding through the dirt and growing grass. He was banned. From Liscor. After his first passage into the city he’d tried going back again, but the City Watch had forced him back through the door after bare minutes. And, to Numbtongue’s shock and hurt, Erin had agreed with Watch Captain Zevara’s reasoning.
Numbtongue was in danger in the city. More than one member of Liscor had vowed to kill the Goblin if he entered again, people who’d lost relatives or loved ones during the Second Antinium War or to Goblins in general. More than that, though, it was the fact that Numbtongue’s arrival brought the city to a standstill, caused arguments, even fights.
Zevara had refused to let him back in and Erin had backed her, if only because the City Watch had orders to halt Numbtongue in any way short of killing him from entering their city, via door or by gates. If he went through the magic door again, Zevara had warned Erin, it would be removed from the city.
