Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 12
Then she sat down and demanded a high-quality wine. That was a Sister of Chell.
“They operate [Prostitutes], [Nightwalkers]—and a lot of racketeering. Don’t mess with them if you’re male. They’ll cut your balls off. Lots of them are former escorts with combat classes.”
The [Nightstalker] peered at Ryoka and Fierre. She watched as Ryoka won a round by using the teleporting card combined with a card that made the backs of Fierre’s hand turn transparent to give herself three 2’s.
“What’s that game?”
“New one. Where’s it from?”
The [Gang Leader] turned to Ryoka. The City Runner sighed. She always did this. But this time she had a good, ready response.
“Wistram.”
“Even their fucking cards are new. Hey, deal me in. More wine! You two’re young. New?”
Everyone could tell. Ryoka and Fierre introduced themselves. To their surprise, the Sister of Chell herself was friendly—to a point. She had an edge and she did not like the Brother, who simply tipped his cap to her.
“If you two are in the right fields, give us a call. Say that ‘Deara’ sent you if you do. We can always use new talent. We’ll look after you and it’s no place for young girls alone, especially with all the bastards about.”
To their surprise, she looked at the [Assassin] instead of the Brother, and the [Trapmaster Assassin] just raised his hands. Ryoka and Fierre didn’t know what to say to that.
“Don’t bully the new riders. Say—does anyone know if there’s someone selling Empah’s Pollen about?”
The [Gang Leader] backed up as half the coach, including Fierre, gave him a dark look.
“I’m not using it or selling it! It’s for a friend.”
“Well, I know a guy. Talk to me. Hey, you, barefoot—explain how the rules work again?”
It was a strange, oddly fun ride. Ryoka played hands, won some gold before she lost it all to the Sister of Chell, but she found herself liking the odd riders. She dozed off, next to Fierre, fairly certain that theft wasn’t allowed on the Unmarked Coach either. She saw Fierre licking her lips in her sleep quite a lot, but no one had made any comment.
Ryoka slept, somewhat uneasily given the other riders in the night as the two [Gang Leaders] left for their rendezvous—right up until the Sister of Chell came back into the carriage after a stop with some garlic chips.
 
—-
 
They were a precursor to actual fast-food in that someone had made the chips and then applied butter and garlic and a few other herbs for taste. None of that mattered however, because the Sister of Chell had bought the food for a snack.
And Fierre woke up screaming as soon as they came into the coach. She shouted, eyes and nose streaming, as the [Nightstalker], the [Assassin], and the Brother all jerked into combat-mode.
They had their weapons out in a second. A blade coated with dark liquid, a pair of brass knuckles, and a length of wire. Ryoka caught the whiff of garlic as Fierre writhed.
“It hurts! It hurts!”
Ryoka had seen a demonstration of people using pepper spray before. She had considered—once—getting sprayed to see what it felt like, but even at her most reckless, she hadn’t really wanted to try that.
It looked to her like Fierre had gotten a dose of that—from just the presence of the garlic. For a second, she was frozen, then she pointed.
“Get rid of that!”
“What? What?”
The Sister of Chell was confused. She stared at Fierre with clearly no idea what was happening. The [Assassin] on the other hand—he looked at Fierre, and reached for the bag.
The Brother of Serendipitous Meetings was faster. He yanked the bag out of the Sister’s hand, opened the door, and hurled the chips out.
