Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 16
Belgrade did not see his fellow Antinium dying. Oh, to be precise, he saw one die.
Exactly one. He had a bodyguard of twenty [Crusaders] that he had requested. One died when an arrow struck him during the fighting that followed in the next month and a half. The rest didn’t fight that much. They were bodyguards.
Belgrade was a [Strategist]. He had been apprised of assassination attempts by Tersk, and the Hive had sent more artifacts. Belgrade already had officer’s gear, but he had donned a strangely made torc, a segmented necklace of solid metal with a rune drawn on each side.
It had been made by Xrn to protect him. Belgrade was an asset. He had command of the right wing of the army.
He did a good job. Belgrade read each casualty report, heard of the Antinium under attack by the Manus forces. It became routine to see a column of Soldiers or Workers heading up from the rear, sometimes bearing supplies.
He focused on the fighting men and women of Liscor’s right flank. He saw Olesm implementing tactics on the left with the Antinium division and wrote Olesm his own. They didn’t seem to have a noticeable effect. Belgrade could not save his people, nor was his class advancing in the right way to help them the most as of yet.
However, over the next month, the right flank of Liscor’s army drew Hectval and their alliance into hell.
 
——
 
Belgrade was now a [Combined Arms Strategist]. He assumed being a [Trapsetter Strategist] was inherently implied to be part of that.
He had only four new Skills after his consolidation, but Belgrade found each one was strong. As any good [Strategist] did, he experimented and made sure he knew what they did before testing them out in battle. He made a mental list and wrote a note he instructed a Worker to personally hand to Xrn, Pawn, or the Free Queen that summarized his findings.
Firstly, and simplest. [Army: Springwood Supplies]. Belgrade had wondered if they had some kind of supplies from a ‘Springwood’, which sounded very much like Ceria’s home forest. If she had a home forest? Had he committed a racism?
He would ask Ceria if she ever returned from Chandrar. News from Liscor and thus the world was sparse, but Belgrade had heard she was alive. Good for her. She ate bugs, he ate bugs. They had a connection.
[Springwood Supplies] did not give him the half-Elven forest’s bounty per diem. Instead? It made all the wood material under Belgrade’s authority…springy.
Belgrade had bent a simple piece of cheap wood almost in half before it began to snap, and it was more…elastic in that it didn’t break as easily. It was springy.
He told his troops to make bear traps out of it.
Bear traps were an item used by [Hunters] and adventurers. A Silver-rank team had used them in Liscor’s dungeon. They had not worked, but Belgrade had seen some Goblins pulling a steel-jawed bear trap off Skinner when the monster had finally been brought down.
The silly Goblins had broken it down for weapon parts. A loaded trap that snapped shut and debilitated you when you stepped on it? That you could reuse if it was not broken?
That was the foundation of how Belgrade saved his Antinium in the Hive. He loved traps.
Springy wood? Belgrade demanded all of it he could get. It was a shame Liscor was so wood-sparse…so they imported it from Celum and sent it to him.
Springy wood didn’t just make traps. A simple trigger, some hard work wrestling it into place, and a boulder would conveniently fall and roll and kill everything in the way if you set it up right.
