Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 32
And like people who’d just realized everything bled and died. However, the smiles were real. A Drake whom Relc had never met before grinned at him.
“Jordes. Squad Leader Jordes, Significant Beavers.”
Klbkch tilted his head, and someone laughed.
“We’re not in the army, Jordes!”
“Oh—right.”
“I get it. Nice squad name.”
This was not his army, but he knew it. They even talked like…Klbkch murmured.
“Ah, the war front. I must inquire about it too.”
Significant Beavers were on vacation. They’d drawn a lucky straw…which might have been less lucky since they were escorting a wide-eyed squad of Antinium with them.
Buying souvenirs, showing them around the city. It was the most striking thing Relc had seen. Squad 5 had minders and…
“You can return from the front? You lucky bastards!”
He feigned a punch at Jordes’ arm, and the Drake grinned.
“Perks of the magic door. I’m glad. It’s been…soup.”
“Soup?”
Relc nodded at Klbkch. Another [Soldier] term. The Antinium was inspecting Squad 5 and Significant Beavers, and they were inspecting him. None carried their weapons aside from maybe daggers…aside from the Worker with a zweihander on one shoulder.
“That’s right. It’s good to see you, Senior Guardsman. Are you going to join up? I thought you left the city.”
“I did. I came back. I should…you should tell me about it. Listen, I was just catching up with Klbkch here, but you’re on the front? Do you know Wing Commander Embria?”
“4th Company? Of course! Wait, isn’t she…?”
Relc was more and more interested in talking with Significant Beavers, but, as always, the infamous Relc-Klbkch duo were causing trouble.
In this case, it was Senior Guardsman Klbkch who started it. He pointed at Crusader 57.
“Carrying that weapon openly is an act of aggression if not an adventurer or civilian moving about to a set purpose such as transport. Worker, you will stow that blade now.”
“FuCK yOu, Klbkch.”
Crusader 57 raised his middle finger instantly. Relc’s blood chilled at the sudden, familiar, warbling tones.
Klbkch drew his swords so fast that Relc barely saw them. He would have diced Crusader 57—except that all of Squad 5 drew their weapons too. A friendly Crusader 53 raised a mace, and Klbkch looked at them incredulously.
“What?”
Relc grabbed Klbkch’s shoulder.
“Easy. Easy, Klb. They’re off-duty and jumpy. I pity the [Muggers] who go after a [Soldier] on break.”
Significant Beavers had moved just as fast, forming a defensive wall. Klbkch spluttered.
“But that is an Aberration—how have Dekass and Tersk allowed this?”
“nyEh.”
Crusader 57 offered Klbkch more rude hand-gestures. Klbkch looked at Relc as Jordes rapidly tried to de-escalate.
“Commander Olesm knows about it. Feisty guy, but he’s just—mad. You should see him fighting!”
“I’m better than you, Jordes. I’m not Aberration. I’m different. Aberrations are weak. Pick a damn name. Right, Toni?”
Crusader 51—Toni—shuddered as Crusader 57 punched his shoulder. Klbkch looked from face to face.
“I require another drink. And I must speak with Pawn. Now. Relc, our meal was enjoyable, but this?”
“I got you, Klb, buddy. Catch me later.”
The Antinium nodded and began striding off. Crusader 57 shouted after him.
“That’s right. rUN. You—”
At this point, Squad 5 grabbed him before he could get himself stabbed. And Relc found himself hearing about the war from the [Soldiers].
 
——
 
“Damn. Manus.”
Jordes nodded as they all ate in an Antinium-friendly restaurant. All of Squad 5 were savoring their bowls of experimental beef udon. It wasn’t ‘right’, but Imani was doing her best.
