Interlude – Death and Stitches
Page 7
“Finally, Venitra, what purpose does a death serve? Why should a living being die? Your amusement? Worthless. What higher calling does any being’s death add to or change in the world? Does it save another’s life, change fate? You have no idea. You do not even know the name of the city we are visiting. You do not know who you wish to kill or with what purpose. In that way you are a mindless brute. Look down, and do not gaze upon me. You have not the wit nor intelligence to deserve it if that is how you think.”
The other Chosen sat in a kind of awed silence. Venitra tried to glare at Nerrhavia, but her eyes slunk down to her feet. Toren was impressed. It wasn’t a Skill, it was just a level of bossing higher than Erin could dream of.
“Ridiculous that your master ever put up with this.”
Nerrhavia had a fan that the Drake slowly drew and unfurled with a snap of the wrist. Half the Chosen jumped, but Venitra was stubborn. Also, possibly stupid.
“They’re beneath us.”
She muttered sulkily at the ground. Nerrhavia laughed mockingly.
“So that gives you the right to murder them? You silly little girl. Do you think you are above all others? You are not above me or your master. We do not give you permission to slaughter, so you shall not. That is law. That is order.”
“I understand. We understand, Great Nerrhavia.”
Ijvani broke in, trying to take the pressure off of Venitra. The Immortal Tyrant turned to the skeletal [Mage].
“Do you? Good, then I shall not accompany you if you head into the city. I have my own business to attend to.”
Oom, Ijvani, and Venitra brightened up so suddenly and so obviously that Toren slapped a hand to his skeletal forehead. Even Maviola and Healing Slime could tell they were suspiciously happy about that.
“We will. Be. On our. Best behavior.”
Oom spoke! The Acidic Slime burbled, for Az’kerash had given him a voice. He was still working on Toren’s. Nerrhavia eyed him with amusement as Ijvani and Venitra nodded.
“I am sure you will be. And because I am not such an idiot as to believe your words, let me say this. Upon leaving the city, I will inquire as to any missing persons or deaths with the Watch. I will check, and if any are reported and I find you are the ones responsible, there will be punishment.”
Punishment? The three Chosen’s smiles slipped. Slowly, Nerrhavia raised one of her puppet’s hands.
“I will cut off the hand of any Chosen who kills. You, Oom, will lose a proportional part of your body. Then I will burn that part beyond salvation.”
All the Chosen stared at Nerrhavia as she gently chopped the air with a hand. Cut off their hand? Or similar appendage?
“You—you can’t do that. Master made us. No one can take our hand. Forever?”
Venitra’s voice trembled. Nerrhavia laughed at her scornfully.
“Can I not? I have declared my law and the punishment. You are unruly brats, suckling at the Necromancer’s teats without consequence or responsibility. By my throne and my empire, I swear I will cut off your hand if it is the last thing I do. You are free to break my law if you think it is worth the price. If I see a reason to revoke it, I will. For no other reason. When you murder someone, it surely must have a point. Or else you are a rabid beast to be put down without mercy or thought.”
