Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 16
And indeed, Mendi knew how to grapple. It wasn’t an on-the-floor takedown; she didn’t seem to think she needed it. She just kept kneeing the Hurricane’s Fist in the chest. Each blow made Orjin wince. Then Mendi punched the [Martial Artist] in the ribs, paused, and let him go. He sagged over.
“His ribs are broken. I think—many of them.”
Indeed, the young Stitch-Man wasn’t moving. His fellow [Martial Artists] ran over. Mendi walked over to Orjin, shaking her head. She looked around at her fellow warriors.
“Not worth fighting.”
Then she walked over to her master and sat down. Some of Pomle’s warriors murmured. They’d picked up on what Orjin had learned in Round 2. Some got up to leave.
“Outrageous! You call that fighting? That was—grappling! Like a [Fighter] would use!”
Some of the Hurricane’s Fists were furious. Orjin just sighed.
“I think this match serves no purpose. Pomle has no interest in dueling your people, Windcaller’s Rest.”
“Wrath!”
“Yes. That.”
Most of the warriors were indeed walking away. But the Fury of Skies leapt forwards. He ran through the air, and halted in front of Orjin. And when his eyes flashed, the wind blew at his back and his cult stared up at him in awe and trepidation.
“Do not think you will flee our duel, Strongest of Pomle! I challenge you! My disciples may err, but I do not. Accept, or be shown as weaker all your days!”
Orjin looked up at the Fury of the Skies. And he felt a bit sorry for the man. But mostly annoyed. He looked at the people all following this man and wondered how he would do on a battlefield.
“I do not wish to fight you. If you do not wish to be humiliated, walk away, Fist of the Skies.”
The Fury of the Skies’ eyes blazed. He pointed into the ring and punched up. Wind blasted around the oasis, and some of Pomle’s warriors looked back.
“I challenge you, Strongest! You and any other master! Come!”
He leapt into the ring, as light as a feather. Which probably meant he had all the weight of it in combat too. Orjin looked at Salthorn.
“Kill him. I could use a new body.”
The Selphid suggested. Then she paused.
“Although mine is better. Let him live.”
 
—-
 
The fight, as it went down, was watched by the Humans who’d come to Pomle. Not the Cult of Windcaller’s Wrath, but a separate, smaller group.
“Iratze, who will win? You said that—armored girl was better.”
One of the young people whispered to their leader. The [Martial Artist]—and yes, he was one, if new to the class—grimaced.
“The big dude will. He outweighs the other one by twice. Maybe even three times!”
“But the Fury of the Winds has a Skill—”
“So? Skills aren’t everything. If this was a ring back home—he’s going to die. I could have taken down the Hurricane’s Fist, even without a Skill.”
One of the cultists heard him. A young woman with fervor in her eyes shouted in fury as the Fury of the Skies took a fighting pose. Orjin just rubbed at his head, looking annoyed.
“The Fury of the Skies won’t lose to anyone! It’s his [Windcutter Strikes]! He can slash his opponents from afar by moving the air like blades!”
“Iratze?”
The small group turned to him. They were, in fact, from Earth. They were following Iratze, who was indeed a [Martial Artist]—but from their home. The group was a gym’s younger members, two of them aspiring fighters, a girl visiting her father, and eight from outside, walking down the street—one who had been in a car.
There had been nearly twice that number, teleported. But these were the ones who’d stuck together. And survived.
“That could change things. But the Strongest has Skills too, right?”
