Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 32
He hacked the Drowned Woman apart with one of his axes. Turned. Gracefully, he cut two [Sailors] in half with his other axe. He brought the other axe back, cleaving through a [Depth Sailor]’s guard. The Minotaur walked forwards, ignoring the blows to his armor. He began cutting down Therrium’s crew one by one, his blades leaving a trail of red.
Captain Therrium stopped smiling. He snarled as the Minotaur’s blades flashed. One minute, then two—the crew assaulted him from all sides. But all that happened was that they died. Khedal had no helmet, but he kept turning his head, avoiding arrows and spells. And the rest of his body was too armored. And he was cutting apart dozens of the crew, headed straight for Captain Therrium.
“Take us down! Drown that damned Minotaur!”
The [Depth Captain] ordered. He drew his sword and clashed with Khedal. The first blow from the Minotaur threw him back across the deck. Therrium’s body surged with electricity. He slashed, connecting with Khedal’s side as the Minotaur turned, hacking apart another [Depth Sailor].
The deadly charge of electricity made all of Khedal’s hair stand on end. And nothing else. He turned and Therrium leapt back before an axe could end him. The Drowned Crew backed up as the Minotaur turned.
“Worthless. You are all without honor, much less skill at arms.”
He glared about. And blocked an arrow to the back of his head from the [Venom Archer] with the flat of his axe. Therrium stared uncertainly. But then he felt his ship sinking into the waves. He grinned.
“Diving! Depth shields aren’t down! Brace!”
The [Helmswoman] bellowed. Khedal looked around as the Drowned Crews grabbed ahold of parts of the ship. The ship was diving into the waters, and without the magical bubble that kept oxygen and atmosphere on the ship. Waters engulfed him as Therrium felt his other, eel-half breathing in the water.
He grinned. The Minotaur was stranded on his boat. Khedal was suddenly underwater as the Drowned Crews slowly moved through the water around him. They swam at him, as the Minotaur looked around. Blinded. Slowed. Unable to breathe.
The Drowned Folk closed. Hand-to-hand underwater; no arrows and fewer spells would work. They swam towards him. And the Minotaur Prince? His eyes slowly turned red.
 
—-
 
Blood turned the waters crimson where The Passing Shadow had sunk. After three minutes, a form surfaced.
Prince Khedal. His head broke the waves and he inhaled. He looked around—saw another ship passing by. The Minotaur swam towards it with one arm. He drove the axe he was carrying in his other hand into the side of the ship—and then drew the other one. He began to climb onto the ship.
Blood and water ran from his armor as the Drowned Crews saw the Minotaur coming over the side. Khedal’s eyes were red with rage. But he was calming down.
“Worthless tricks.”
He pulled himself over the railing and stood up. The [Depth Captain] drew her sword. Khedal threw one of his axes through her head and strode forwards.
Behind him, The Passing Shadow surfaced. The waters were still red with blood. Therrium gazed at the body parts of his crew that ran across the deck. He looked around.
“Keep away from that Minotaur. Get me those damn swords!”
 
—-
 
“Boarding from the port! [Storm Sailors]!”
The battle on board The Emerald Signet was a wild melee. Wil saw figures fighting around all sides of the ship. The students and Captain Lasc and his crew had formed a desperate circle around the chest. And their ship was being assaulted from all sides.
“By order of Admiral Seagrass, surrender!”
