Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 31
She struck him with all of her might and was freed. Cognita felt it, as the Grand Magus vanished. She didn’t see if he lived. She didn’t look at anything.
The Truestone Golem fell to her knees, as her love vanished. She felt it go, as she had known it would. The only pain she had ever felt in this life filled her, and the Golems of Wistram fell to their knees.
“Zelkyr! ZELKYR. Why did you leave me behind? Why did you take her? Why—why didn’t you love me?”
The truth broke her to pieces. She collapsed, immobile.
Eldavin…she never saw the terrified young man open the broken doors and stare in horror at what lay there.
 
—-
 
Trey Atwood had seen terrible battle. But this—this was more than even the King of Destruction’s charge. The annihilation of Reim’s thunderous spells had been one thing, but the aftermath of the battle was a greater shock because one man had laid low the Golems of Wistram, and Cognita herself.
“Eldavin? Grand Magus?”
He knew it had to be him. Minizi was frozen in place, like all the other Golems, staring at the wailing voice coming from Cognita. She was shining, made up of multiple types of stone, not the smooth marble.
He was going to die. Yet Trey Atwood couldn’t flee. He saw…a shape lying in the broken door. It had struck the door so hard that it had smashed the binding enchantments to bits.
Or maybe they had failed because he was…Trey Atwood scuttled forwards and reached down. He saw blood—but not the paste he had expected.
“Grand Magus? Grand Magus—”
He seized the limp form and dragged him up. Trey ran, dragging the Grand Mage, shouting at Minizi to help him. She lifted a single foot as they fled.
None of the Golems followed them. They just stood there, well into morning, statues. Trying to…
They got down from the floor of death. Trey was staring at Eldavin. The half-Elf was covered in blood. His right arm was snapped—was he dead? Trey didn’t even know if he was…breathing…
Was he in a coma? Was he dead? Was Trey carrying a corpse? He had no idea what to do.
Was CPR an option? Did he try it? No, potions, idiot! Trey laid Eldavin down, fumbling for his belt pouch. He tried to find the half-Elf’s pulse.
“Minizi—Minizi—stop that!”
She was inspecting the crimson running from his body. However, Trey saw her press up the wadded cloth of his robes, trying to stop the blood.
If he was bleeding, he was alive, surely? But so many wounds…Trey applied the potion. Did he just splash it all over Eldavin? If a wound was infected or the magic was too strong to be healed—
He had to get a [Healer], raise the alarm with all the Archmages, and tell Gazi and Calac they were running like hell because all of Wistram’s Golems were going to kill them. Every second, Trey expected Cognita to come running down the corridor and end him and Eldavin in a single punch.
Trey was just feeling for Eldavin’s pulse again, seeing at least some of the wounds healing, when he heard a sound.
“Urgh.”
It escaped Eldavin’s lips, more of a moan than anything else. Trey’s heart skipped a beat.
“Grand Magus? Grand Magus, are you alive?”
It was something of a silly question, he knew, but he wasn’t sure. Eldavin looked as dead as he had ever seen a person. However—the question made the half-Elf’s eyes flutter open. The mismatched gaze found Trey’s. Eldavin stared blearily at him, and then spoke slowly.
“Young…man…Trey Atwood, isn’t it?”
“Y-yes?”
No time to mention real names. Eldavin stared weakly at him.
“Did you just ask me if I was alive? And—to further my point—did you just pour a healing potion on a broken bone not properly set?”
“I—I—yes?”
