Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 42
She had the Key of Reprieve. She had hoped Drassi would give up, but she’d let them get to the second floor.
Erin wondered if she should have turned the snow off. However, that was how it worked, wasn’t it? She wandered down to the first floor of the keep and sighed. Erin raised her lantern higher, and the twin colors illuminated Dolost’s home. His private place. Tulm was wrong to fear something scandalous from Dolost in an—intimate or untoward sense.
However, everyone had secrets and failures, and the Dullahan had put his on display. Erin walked from room to room, but not for long. She heard a faint chiming sound in her room in the inn and hobbled over to the nearest wall. She collapsed into a chair and scowled faintly at the pile of objects on her desk.
Chessboard, Go board, a speaking stone inscribed with ancient magical encryption runes on loan from Kevin, letters from the Runner’s Guild—and [Messages] transcribed. Oh, and the thing that had made a sound, like it was copying home—
Her [Message] scroll from Niers Astoragon. Had he added that feature? The little quasi-ding sound?
“You damn Fraerling. You’ve doomed the world.”
Erin grumbled, but she moved a piece on the chessboard, slapped a Go stone down, then exchanged a few moves with Niers as her mood—and extremities—warmed up a bit. Only then did she read his [Message]. Erin snorted and rolled her eyes.
If Niers could have seen her face…Erin glanced around suspiciously. Scrying spells. The inn wasn’t warded, even if she was. Another, longer sigh as she picked up a quill and wrote a response to the question. Just like Drassi—Niers was smart. It was just that one of them kept needing to prove it. He had written:
 
N: So how many Relic-class items did Dolost have in his keep? Spare sets of armor? Asking for Foliana and all the Dullahans in my command.
 
The [Innkeeper]’s response was slower, and she noticed a few telltale dots of ink—he was definitely about to write, and so the conversation was slower on her end as she took her time replying.
 
E: That’s not the point, you know. 
N: Of course…until you need to arm your [Knights]. Even if he left armor and weapons fully sized for your friend, Normen, you need potions, amulets, gear. I also wonder how much Architect Hexel asked to redesign your inn? We’ve got gold. Can we trade? As I keep saying, I really would like to help.
E: I believe you. There’s not as much as you think. But again, that’s not the point. 
N: I don’t follow. You press your opponent and solidify your advantage in chess. I don’t know if anyone could lecture you in sound strategy there. But leaving an item in a vault is just Drake-like. Treasures, gold, works for you only when utilized unless you have a [Hoarder] class.
E: Mhm. 
N: So…
E: Who’s worthy of wielding a magic sword that shoots thunderbolts? No one in my inn is ready for Adamantium armor. They won’t level. I don’t want gold for my inn, either. It’s something I have to earn myself. It’s super hard, but I’m going to do it. Because I have to do it.
N: Ah, I see. But you don’t have to refuse help. I’m sorry, it feels strange to talk to someone who isn’t looking for something. My students have the opposite opinion.
E: Probably. They’re your students.
N: Hahaha.
E: We all have our tasks, Niers. I need to do more, I know. This is part of that. I’m answering my debts. You helped so much—do you want a <Quest>? There’s so much to do. Should you be wasting so much time talking to me?
