Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 23
“Oh yes! A [Strategist] buffing a team of adventurers? Giving them orders? I knew I could be invaluable. But no one wanted to take me on. They just laughed at the tiny Fraerling or tried to humor me. I spent three years going from team to team until I met a team that welcomed me. Foliana was a loner, then. We joined up and when I found a group that would actually listen to me—well, the rest is history.”
He spread his arms. Umina nodded. She’d read of the Titan’s adventuring days. She edged forwards, picking at the dates as Niers continued. He was good at storytelling; it suited his personality.
“First we were Bronze-rank. Bronze. I wasn’t, and neither was Foliana, but our companions were just starting out, hence them being willing to take orders from me. But we weren’t that way for long. I was leveling fast, using my abilities to make my team take on bigger challenges. We became Silver-rank within the month. And we hit Gold the next year! Before we knew it, we were Named Adventurers.”
“You were a Named Adventurer.”
You forgot that, sometimes. But the Titan had been one. Was he still one? His fame had eclipsed that rank, but there were so few Named Adventurers in the world. The Fraerling corrected Umina.
“A team, not individual ones of course; no one would ever make me a Named Adventurer on my own. But I dare say we were some of the best of our generation! Thirty strong!”
“Thirty?”
Wil paused, looking surprised. Niers grinned.
“Why not? It makes sense! Numbers, if used efficiently, is strength! True, most teams can’t sustain numbers higher than…a dozen at best. Most are around four to five. It’s not hard to understand why; maintaining a semblance of equality and balancing your income against maintaining families, gear, potions? Not to mention all the personalities you find in adventurers! Mine was different though; as a [Strategist], I could hold them together and get them to work on multiple missions at once. We were stronger than your average guild, in fact!”
“But why did you quit? What happened to the others?”
Umina had heard all sorts of rumors. And here, at least, the Titan’s openness wavered. He paused, and his expression grew bleak.
“Well, many joined the Forgotten Wing Company. If you’re asking where all of them are now…many passed away. On our final mission—or after we started our company. In battle, from disease, time…it’s been fifty years, as I said.”
He looked around, tired. Umina and Wil sobered. After a moment Niers shook his head.
“Not all of them died; some just quit. In the end, it was just a handful of us left, the Forgotten Wing Company’s original officers. And then…it was just Foliana and I from the adventuring days. So if you’re asking how I got from a Fraerling village to here—it was because I wanted to interact with the big people. And being a [Strategist] means I can order anyone about. The rest of it? It was just natural progression.”
He fell silent, and took another drink from his thimble-cup. Niers looked up.
“Any more questions? Remember, the floor’s open. Or table.”
Umina and Wil hesitated, looking at each other. They had another big one, but…Niers tapped one foot.
“Go on. I told you, nothing’s off-limits. If I don’t want to tell you, I just won’t.”
He smiled lightly, as if he could see right through them. And perhaps he could. Umina felt like the first day she’d ever sat in his class. Awestruck at meeting a legend in person. And he was so small. Until you looked at him and realized he was far larger than his actual body.
