Interlude – Krshia
Page 12
The Gnoll looked up at the sound of her name. She looked at Krshia, thought, and then nodded eagerly. The Gnoll smiled and stood up. Lyonette fussed over Mrsha as the Gnoll leapt over and Apista buzzed off to do more productive things—like fan her wings in front of the fire in the kitchen.
“You do exactly what Krshia says, Mrsha. And don’t go anywhere! I’ll see you tonight. You don’t have to go. Only if you’re sure. You’re sure?”
Mrsha nodded. She padded around Krshia, sniffing the old Gnoll. Krshia wondered when Mrsha would stop walking on all fours. But then, she was young. She bent and rubbed her face against Mrsha’s cheeks.
“I will be fine. Little Mrsha and I will go to my apartment first, I think. And then perhaps Elirr will join us. It will be productive, yes, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll nodded. Lyonette hesitated again. Then Revi shouted her name. The [Barmaid] turned, scowled, and bent to hug Mrsha.
“Okay. You have fun. I’ll see you soon! Yes, Revi, I see you! I’m coming!”
She hurried off. Mrsha and Krshia stood together for a second as Lyonette rushed over to the bar, and then the two exchanged knowing glances. Mrsha narrowed her eyes and Krshia nodded. She bent and whispered so only Mrsha could hear.
“It is time, child. You and I—and Elirr—have much to discuss.”
Mrsha nodded, somewhat warily. Krshia nodded and they walked for the door to Liscor. They all had much to discuss. The Gnolls of Liscor had to decide what they were going to do. But for now magic came first.
 
—-
 
Mrsha and Krshia walked through the streets of Liscor in silence. One, because Mrsha couldn’t talk and two, because what Krshia wanted to say was too important to risk being overheard. They made a beeline for Krshia’s apartment. The Gnoll woman was relieved to finally be alone with Mrsha at last, or rather, free of Lyonette.
Today was the first day she’d managed to convince Lyonette to allow Mrsha to go with her alone. The young [Barmaid] had refused to let Mrsha out of her sight since she had been rescued from the dungeon. No wonder, and it spoke to how much Lyonette cared, but it had made Krshia nearly tear her fur out in frustration.
“We will talk there. With snacks. There is much to discuss after the dungeon. Much…we did not get a chance to say. I know of most of it from Elirr, but I would see it myself.”
Krshia spoke quietly to Mrsha as they turned down a street. She saw the Gnoll cub look up apprehensively.
“You are not in trouble, Mrsha.”
That reassured Mrsha, but only slightly. She padded along as Krshia kept them to the right hand side of the street. Not that there was much foot traffic. People were talking to each other, and Krshia kept hearing the same snatches of conversation.
Siege. Pallass. Reinforcements. Magic door. Leaving. Humans. Goblins. The same words stood out time and time again. Krshia knew she should be focused on that, but the others had to gather. At midday they would discuss the issue. Until then—
Krshia sniffed the air at the same time as Mrsha. They turned their heads and saw a male Gnoll with dark fur and black stripes walking towards them. Elirr nodded and bared his teeth in a Gnoll’s smile.
“Krshia, Mrsha child. It is good to see you, yes?”
“Elirr. Thank you for coming.”
Krshia smiled and politely smelled Elirr as he did the same to her. Mrsha padded around Elirr and he bent to rub cheeks.
“I got your message. We are gathering soon, yes? To discuss the situation with Goblins.”
Krshia nodded. Her smile faded. She began to walk with Elirr as Mrsha walked ahead of them, sighing and listening to the adults talk.
