Interlude – Conversations
Page 14
“But Mrsha, everyone has this device. Phones. Everyone. It follows then, and I checked, that this ‘app’ is on both phones. And since this is here, this is an important thing. Whatever it represents. So it matters. I’ve almost figured out what it’s doing to each number…but how do you use it? No one makes something you don’t use.”
Mrsha hesitated. She had never cared one bit about the calculator or maths, although she could now multiply up to six without having to use her fingers. Yet Gire said things so sensibly.
There was a logic behind that button. Behind everything.
“Someone made this, Mrsha. It’s very clever, but you can see the line here, and here, see? I wanted to open it up, but Inkar said that would break it. That’s fascinating.”
If you say so. Mrsha tried to explain what was really cool to Gire. You think you had fun making birds kill pigs? Granted, hugely amusing. But that was nothing compared to the complexity of a firefight where you had one of those glowy grenades, and they were coming at you and all you had was a pistol.
Master Chief Mrsha saw Gire’s eyes light up.
“So you have to fight them? How many?”
Hundreds. And they were on your ship! And then you crashed and you had to beat up them all over the place, and you ride in this big thing that was named after a pig, but didn’t look like one at all, and rescue these stupid Humans. But then Numbtongue took the laptop away because he wanted to beat the game again and he overwrote your save data!
Like every enthusiast ever, Mrsha tried to explain just how cool this thing was to Gire, who listened, mouth agape. She had to play it. And there was only one place in the world where she could. Mrsha took Gire’s paw and the [Paragon] swung her about—then tossed her twenty feet up and caught Mrsha.
She didn’t do that again, because that was more scary than cool, even though Gire promised she could catch her every time. But by the time Feshi and Torishi came, just past breakfast, Gire and her little friend were waiting for them.
 
——
 
The Meeting of Tribes had a lot of rogue elements in it. From little Gnoll girls, to undead Revenants. You know, standard. And it was attracting political attention from around the world and it had already uncovered a Drake conspiracy and there were Raskghar.
All that to say…fall was upon them. The wind was growing colder, with that crisp breeze, and the first leaves were beginning to change, but it would be a long season.
Ah, back in those days—no, even now, a small village might gather around, burn some wood to produce a merry blaze, and cook something over the fire. A baked sweet potato, some fish if they were along bodies of water, or simply warm themselves with some cider…
That was memory. A potato on a stick with some butter was among the finest of meals. One he remembered even now.
Az’kerash stood in front of the burning fire. He did not hold out his hands. There was nothing to warm, or rather, he would not feel it. Belavierr stopped in her slow circuit of the castle. She was knitting something, and her look of discontent ever since she had returned from Liscor changed slightly.
“What are you doing?”
The Necromancer slowly placed another sheaf of paper on the fire. He didn’t really want her company, but she was a guest.
“I am disposing of unneeded…material.”
She looked at the pieces of paper. The fire wasn’t large, but Az’kerash had added some wood just so it wasn’t a single thing. A tiny bit of ceremony, he supposed.
