Interlude – Talia
Page 21
“I know Izril has a few orders, but I cannot say there are any great [Knights] to my knowledge. And it would take a great [Knight] such as Teresa the Giant or Ser Alonaid, the [Bow Knight] to face such a horde alone. If this ‘Goblin Slayer’ is hunting Goblins, we should find them.”
“Agreed. Do we ride down the road or take to the foothills, Ser Lorell?”
The Summer Knight hesitated. Talia waited, knowing what she’d order. Ser Eldein glanced sideways at her, but Ser Lorell made up his mind after a moment.
“The foothills. The Ogres won’t stick to the roads after the last group was defeated. They will be more opportunistic. Or do you disagree?”
He stared at Talia. She inclined her head slightly.
“Not at all, Ser Lorell.”
“Then we ride. Mount up! Dame Chise, Ser Raise, in front! Dame Talia, Ser Thornst, choose four and scout.”
The [Knights] took off fast. They were wary of ambush and Talia chose Eldein and a fellow [Summer Knight] to ride ahead, but she knew speed was of the essence. Her Order couldn’t afford to spend a month tracking the Ogres down if they fled into the foothills. She urged her mount into the forest surrounding the foothills, picking a path upwards.
“Gah! My steed can’t handle the terrain. Dame Talia, I fear he’ll break an ankle.”
Ser Eldein cried out as they passed through more dense trees with gnarled roots and stones. Ser Thornst nodded.
“I as well. We’ll have to go on foot unless we have [Steady Hooves] for our mounts or the like.”
Talia frowned, but it was true. And the foothills would be just as bad for riding.
“Dismount, then. Let Ser Lorell know; Ser Thornst, will you take the horses back? You have a way with them.”
Ser Eldein was junior, but it was true. Thornst nodded.
“Of course. I imagine Dame Chise will keep her mount, and perhaps Ser Aldon. But I shall bring the rest back.”
“We’ll have to send them back to a town or village. The Ogres might well go after them.”
Ser Eldein commented as Talia dismounted. The young woman nodded, grimacing.
“I imagine we’ll have to send one of our own back. Or perhaps the [Hermit] could—”
She broke off and raised a gauntleted hand. Ser Eldein fell silent at once. Off their mounts, the two [Knights] heard a sound up ahead. Rustling. They grabbed their weapons, alert. Talia motioned and the two spread out. They were hardly camouflaged with their bright metal armor, but they moved quietly, advancing. Talia rounded a tree and saw the Goblin Slayer.
Her first impression of him was of a kneeling figure. His armor was plain, but perfectly kept. He wore a full-visored helm, concealing his features. And his body was likewise covered, from head to toe.
That was like most [Knights]. But where Talia and Ser Eldein’s armor was polished and bright, painted in the colors of their Season, the Goblin Slayer’s armor was grimy. Not a single part shone. He smelled of dirt too, and Talia caught a foreign whiff from him that made her nose wrinkle. The Goblin Slayer was crouched, immobile as he studied a body on the ground.
A Goblin. It’s head had been split open and it was at least a day dead. The smell was foul and rotten. The Goblin Slayer knelt over it, inspecting the corpse. He had an intensity to even his posture as he remained still. Like a coiled spring, ready to explode if need be. But what stood out to her was the way he reacted to their presence. He looked up silently and she felt his gaze, hidden behind his helmet.
