Interlude – Singing Ships
Page 9
The old woman’s eyes glinted, and she raised her other hand. It was, Lamont realized, a long starfish’s ‘arm’. It was wrapped around a staff, and she used it to lever herself out of her chair. Two of her daughters instantly supported her, and the [Depth Mage] nodded slowly.
“Understandable. We have taken this into account.”
Haley waited for elaboration, but Doroumata just turned.
“Oh, good. Um…so what are we going to do?”
“We will reach Nombernaught by nightfall. You shall see then. Captain Toriegh. Send a [Message] to Nombernaught. Tell them to weigh Nom’s Anchor. It is time.”
Lamont watched the Drowned Captain shoot to his feet, do a double-take, then hurry around Doroumata, whispering frantically. He looked at the other Earthers.
What did that mean? Well, they would find out by nightfall. Lamont saw one of Doroumata’s daughters turn back. They were all ages, from their forties down to younger than twenty. One winked at him.
“Lamont, I think she likes you.”
Caroline whispered in Lamont’s ear with delight as the Drowned Folk left the Earthers alone. Lamont rolled his eyes. The world’s first and hopefully only shipper grinned at the [Sailor] who had no respect for her version of ‘ships’.
“What ever gave you that idea, Caroline?”
“The wink? The look? Although she might be the same person…so that’s weird. I’m just saying—”
Lamont politely pushed his glass of water back, muffling a sigh.
“That’s not flirting. That’s a wink.”
“It could be.”
“No, it’s not. Asking if I want to go for a drink after her shift, is. Suggesting she’s got an empty bunk that night is definitely flirting. Asking if I want to walk a round of watch belowdecks is flirting.”
“Right…”
Caroline looked put out as Lamont got up. She frowned at him.
“Where are you going?”
With a straight face, the [Sailor] adjusted his clothing.
“To go fishing with her. You should try it. You get to see them thinking about going for the bait, and Drowned Folk use little fish.”
He stood up with a wink at Sidney. Caroline nearly fell out of her seat.
“Wait—details!”
Lamont rolled his eyes. Of all the Earthers to escape with…he was just glad it wasn’t Leon. Or George. George. He hated both of them.
Anyways, Lamont whistled a sailor’s tune from Earth as he went above decks. Caroline made everything dramatic. Sometimes you were just fascinated. Fascinated by a different world. And at least one of Doroumata’s daughter-apprentices was curious too.
“Tell me what song you’re singing.”
She smiled at him behind a veil, and Lamont looked into the beautiful sea. He smiled and took a fishing rod and a little fish.
“Only if you teach me one of your songs in return. Fair’s fair.”
Curiously, for a response, Dorace only laughed, a quiet laugh like a whisper as the ship journeyed on.
“You’ll hear one tonight. Stay up late, landman, Scotsman. It will be a night to make you love us if any does.”
 
——
 
And as light faded from the deck of Sorecue, the green water turned orange and then faded to a deep blue as one of the two moons in the night’s sky shone bright and full. The deep waters revealed something else on the horizon.
The shores of Izril. But new shores, on a tip of a peninsula never seen. Instead of the slow gradient of land—vast cliffs of earth rose upwards, ending abruptly at a lip of stone quickly turning into a beach.
Archmage Kishkeria had sent a wave of green magic, turning much of the soil to blooming grass, but the plant-life in the deep ocean had merged with the memory of plants that had once grown in this soil.
