Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 45
Her glowing blade beheaded a Draug. The [Pirate] swung around, slashing through a zombie, a ghoul—she stepped back as a skeleton swung a sword at her. Then she raised her offhand. A glowing crossbow bolt caught the skeleton’s head and the detonation blew all the undead off their feet.
The [Pirate] was already rolling away. And laughing. The crossbow began to reload itself, magic doing all the work as she slapped another bolt into place. She brought her sword down and slashed through a ghost of a woman. The undead vanished. The [Pirate] whirled, and saw a Minotaur staring at her.
“Who are you?”
Venaz stared at the [Pirate]. She laughed.
“Just a friend!”
There was a thunderous crash. The Illuminary had docked—by ramming through the largest warship. It had a metal blade attached to the keel, instead of a figurehead. And it had cut through half of the now-sinking ship. Figures grabbed ropes and swung over to The Emerald Signet.
[Pirates]. Drakes, Gnolls—a pair of Lizardfolk. Even a damn Centaur leaped over the gap, not even bothering with a rope. Some Drowned Folk too. They landed and began to hack the undead apart. They were armed with glowing blades. And the ship still shone bright.
“To arms! Push the undead back! And hoist the colors! No quarter!”
The [Pirate Captain] ran past Venaz, her sword carving through everything in her way. And the Minotaur saw the foreign ship sailing two flags. He saw a skull and crossbones, a traditional flag. But the eyes burned with light.
A [Pirate]’s flag. And just below it—a second flag. The Minotaur’s eyes narrowed. He absently kicked a zombie backwards and buried his battleaxe in a lumbering amalgamation of undead—then he put it together.
“The Flag of Savere.”
 
—-
 
Wil Kallinad saw the arrival of the [Pirates] shift the course of the battle in a moment. Not just the dramatic entrance of the [Pirate] who’d literally hurled herself across the ocean. All of the crew of the new ship were—elites. It was a smaller ship than The Emerald Signet. No galleon—a modification of a smaller ship. Strangely, it had only one sail for a vessel so large.
But it had any number of oddities. Not only did the hulls shine with whatever they were made of, the ship was armed with more than spells. There was a ballista mounted. No—six of them. The rare siege weapons snapped, blowing undead to bits. And the crew?
The crew were all armed with magical blades of some kind. They cut through the undead even faster than the [Storm Sailors]. Wil saw their [Captain] dueling one of the Revenant undead captains. The undead was fast and had even skirmished with Lasc. It had a [Fencer]’s grace. But the glowing [Pirate Captain] was just as fast. She disarmed the undead in a slash and cut it in half. She was laughing.
“Those are elites! Where did they come from?”
Feshi stared wide-eyed as the crew pushed the undead off the deck. The [Sailors] shouted, seeing only the reinforcements and not caring who they were. They charged the undead, hurling spells and even lanterns and oil onto the other ships.
The undead vessels burned, bereft of the magical support to stop the blazes. The rest of the undead were hurled into the sea. Only then did both crews stop. And Wil saw Captain Lasc’s face.
“Ah! That was refreshing! No Kraken, though. They must all be napping!”
The [Pirate Captain] was laughing as she wiped her glowing sword. She was still illuminated—part of her shoulder, her right eye—it was all glowing. Like…Wil had never seen an anglerfish, so he could only approximate it to a [Light] spell.
