Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 42
Captain Vell stopped eating. Maksie was not present; she had stopped showing up at 4th Company’s barracks.
“Ancestors. Do you mean…”
Pielt gagged. Wing Commander Embria wiped at her mouth. She had not thrown up—with effort.
“Not just that. They had grain, edible plants…bugs…and some of the enemy dead. I wondered how the Antinium cleaned up the battlefield. I never saw them burning…”
“Commander. Stop.”
Lieutenant Kesa looked ill. Embria stopped, if for her own sake as much as anything.
“And they’ve been doing that all this time? That’s what they eat? I—there’ll be a revolt once the soldiers hear that.”
Wikir growled. Embria shook her head.
“No, there won’t. We’re switching over to full rations for everyone, remember? And I can’t say I objected after that.”
Commander Olesm had gotten no objections. Rather, when Dekass had objected to the waste, Olesm had told him that Liscor’s army might suffer an outright mutiny if they didn’t switch.
So that was what the bugs ate. It made them more monstrous to Embria.
More monstrous. Cannibalistic things that ate other people.
More—
 
——
 
“Scout Leader Maksie. Do you have anything to say for yourself?”
It was rare that Embria had to go to a superior to sort out discipline in her company. She was a Wing Commander. If she needed help, that was a failing on her part.
However, Maksie had gotten into a second fistfight with Vell, and this time it had attracted the attention of the regulars, rather than being a quiet brawl in the tents. Olesm looked at the black-eyed Maksie.
“No, sir.”
“Well, then, I am transferring your tent and command out of 4th Company. We’ll assign you with the rest of the regular [Scouts]. You are docked half a week’s pay. As is Captain Vell. Wing Commander Embria, your discretion for anything within your command.”
“Very good, sir.”
Embria saluted, and she and Maksie strode out of the tent. Neither Drake looked at the other until they were well out earshot. They stopped next to two flags flying in the center of the camp and began to argue.
“You’ve been with 4th for years, Maksie. What the hell has gotten into you?”
“What’s gotten into me? What’s wrong with you, Wing Commander? You and Vell and everyone else? Are you blind, or do I need to give you a lift up so you can see everything?”
Maksie was red, quivering—and it was a shock from the cool-as-glass [Scout] that Embria remembered.
“I’m not hopping in bed with the Antinium. But if Vell wants to run her mouth off, I’ll hit her again. I’m off.”
“You can’t leave. I’ll grab Vell. You meet us tonight and keep your fists at your sides. We’ll talk this out. 4th Company doesn’t split up. After the war…”
Maksie pulled away from Embria.
“After the war? I don’t know if I’m staying with 4th.”
Embria felt poleaxed. She staggered—someone leaving their company, Liscor’s army, was unheard of! It was so rare that only honorable discharges like Menolit or dishonorable ones were common.
Or…Relc.
Maksie looked like she’d stabbed herself as well. She faced Embria, breathing hard, and in a low, pained voice, hissed.
“I’m one of the army, Wing Commander. But they’re wrong on this. Can’t you see it?”
 
——
 
Wing Commander Embria had been a regular [Soldier] when she’d run away from home to join up. Liscor’s Army beat a lot out of you, like being an idiot, thinking you were the next Gecko just because you were his daughter…and they beat things into you.
Like Sserys’ history. Greatest [General] of their age! The veterans would tell stories of campaigns, give the newbies tips, even try to teach them weapon Skills.
Even tail-signs.
“What are tail-signs?”
