Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 40
She stopped, and the camera caught Maughin as his breath inhaled sharply. He raised his head and gazed into a ruined library. Books, frosted over, and snow. Drassi exclaimed.
“Oh no. The window—”
It was open or the snow had burst through. Despite the temperature inside the keep—no, because of it, the snow had frozen and melted, ruining most of the books. The ones that looked intact were covered by a sheet of ice.
“Books from before the Creler Wars.”
Maughin whispered. Tulm the Mithril and half the [Librarians] in the world began sending [Messages] demanding someone—carefully—inspect the library.
But the [Innkeeper] might never let them in again. To this garden. Of which there was only one other. Drassi knew the truth, but even this garden…
There was a simple staircase, so wide that Maughin could navigate it with ease. Dolost must have been closer to a War Walker himself or this place was meant to let them in. Down, Drassi went, and the camera, following her, heard a voice.
“The keep’s not that complex. I think it’s three floors. Four if there’s a base—oh. Oh…oh my Ancestors. Um—I don’t know what—M-Maughin?”
She came up the stairs, and countless hearts skipped as everyone craned their necks to see. Drassi whispered to Maughin, and the [Smith]’s face was apprehensive—then confused. Then he put his head on his shoulders.
“Let me see. I think I…excuse me.”
He navigated around her. Drassi stood back against one wall, and the camera captured the slow movement of Maughin’s metal form.
Tromp. Tromp. Tromp…
Footsteps in the dark hallway. The faint, pale blue glow across cold stone. Melting ice. Maughin’s voice echoed from below as he reached the second floor, the one where Dolost’s secrets lay.
Everyone heard an intake of breath—then a cry. What emotion was in his voice? It was sharp—then there was a thump. Metal on stone.
“Maughin? Come on—”
Drassi hurried down, and the cameraperson hesitated. Was there danger down there? In a dead garden?
Down the steps. Twenty-eight, in the winding staircase. Then they saw a hall faintly illuminated—each window set into the keep packed with snow.
Despite that—Drassi’s wand was not the only thing illuminating the room. It had fallen next to Maughin. He was on his knees. The Dullahan’s head lay on the ground.
But the candles still burned. Everburning candles, spaced around the room, their faint light giving the room a quiet ambiance. Illuminating each and every…head perfectly.
For a heart-stopping moment, those watching thought they were real heads. Then, as the candlelight flickered and Drassi exclaimed, they realized what they were seeing.
“Carved heads. What does it…Maughin, are you alright?”
He tried to speak. Then they saw it. And more than one watcher collapsed or made an unseemly display of emotion. Tulm the Mithril blinked, relaxing as he took his hand off the spell to cut off Wistram’s scrying spell to the city.
The Seer of Steel was shaking. He was having a far more emotional reaction to…Drassi pointed at something sitting at the far end of the room.
It was just a pillow, where you could sit with clay, stone, or wood in hand. There were simple tools for each. And upon that pillow you’d sit and with a table—carve.
Carve the details of a face into being. Not the rest of the bodies. Because they were Dullahans. Your armor was something you showed off, but you couldn’t change a head. So the heads, thousands of them lining the walls, were the people Dolost had known.
