Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 11
He looked up, nodded, and abandoned his map to step closer. Embria whispered to him.
“It’s not bad for the [Soldiers] to learn climbing, sir. However, if we’re caught out—”
The Drake looked up at the summit and nodded, his face one of frustration as he observed the [Soldiers] arguing whether insect eggs were valuable to [Alchemists].
“That’s my thinking too. I’d send 4th Company to hold the top of the plateau, but 4th Company is an asset, and if they have to fight an entire squadron…”
Embria was glad to hear Olesm was thinking of their wellbeing—and a bit insulted by the suggestion they couldn’t hold the ground alone. Then again, one [Fireball] landing before they could dodge and Olesm lost his best [Soldiers].
“We could drag up some other recruits, Commander. Frankly, they’re wet Amentus fruits, but I’ve seen worse.”
Olesm brightened up a bit.
“You have?”
Embria felt the need to encourage him.
“They’re not worse than…well, a lot of rookies we get in Liscor’s main army. The difference is, we seperate ours, make sure they’re trained under a squad with enough veterans. They wash out or train up—and we fight with large numbers of green soldiers all the time. We’re famous for it, as you know.”
Liscor’s army used their officer-classes to turn even a Level 5 [Soldier] into a fighting whirlwind. Olesm rubbed at his chin.
“That’s true. Frankly, I was wondering if they were all somehow poisoned. Even Bronze-rank adventurers do better.”
He looked at the [Soldiers], and Embria murmured.
“A week ago, they were [Cobbler Apprentices], [Thugs], [Hunters], or any other civilian class. They’ve gone through training and can swing a sword, but it’ll be a bad first battle, too. However, they’ll level after tonight.”
Olesm nodded again. The first ten [Soldier] levels, or so they said in the army, were practically free. In that you could march, eat, dig latrines, use latrines, and complain about your pay and food and get to Level 10 without so much as sneezing at a battle.
When they went back to the table, Olesm took a breath.
“I think we need to restructure. Wing Commander, you’ve met our two [Division Leaders]? Bepol and Ramia, one from the Watch—[Guardsman], almost at her Senior Guardsman rank—and the other studied in Pallass’ academy.”
The Drake and Gnoll saluted Embria, and she saluted back.
Oh dead gods, a former [Guard] and an officer from Pallass’ academy. She knew Pallass graduated their officers at least Level 15, so they had a Level 15 [Trainee Officer] and a [Guard] who might be used to large-scale brawls or fighting since she had seen Liscor’s battles, but not a war.
Olesm read her look. So did the officers, unfortunately. Bepol’s tail twitched.
“I’ve served with Pallass’ 5th Army, Wing Commander, and you can rely on me to keep my formations in order. Frankly, I think we have more expertise than some Drake border cities.”
Embria opened her mouth to address the officer, bit her tongue on her words, then snapped back because she couldn’t help it.
“More experience than a border city…? Liscor is the most border-city of them all. Hectval, Luldem, and Drisshia might not be individually as large as Liscor, but they fight other cities constantly! The officers might not be Level 30 veterans all, but they will tear your tail off and feed it to you if you underestimate them!”
She regretted the outburst the moment it happened. Not because everyone had heard; the other [Soldiers] were too far away to hear, mostly. Mainly because it was unprofessional, and this army had to have discipline.
