Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 14
“No way.”
Erin’s eyes shot open. Lyonette sighed.
“He’s here, isn’t he? Where?”
“He can’t be—hold on. That jerk’s gonna—and just after my mistake too!”
Erin hurried down the hallway. She missed the smirking Gnoll, Liska, Ishkr’s sister, open the door to Pallass and blink as someone pushed past her. Erin was already in the common room.
“Imani! I’m coming in! Don’t be alarmed, okay?”
“Erin, I’m fine. And don’t come in here and start rummaging around! Tell me what you need! I’m making that fondue you wanted to try!”
Imani scowled at Erin and blocked the [Innkeeper]. The [Cook] was ruler of her kitchen, but Erin still pushed past her.
“It’s not me rummaging, Imani. I just have to—why don’t you step away from the stove?”
Imani looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] stared as Erin peered at a cupboard and beckoned Imani. The [Cook] stepped back. Erin opened the thin cupboard—
Saliss stared at Erin, folded up into the cupboard.
“Hey, shut the door will you? I’m trying to hide.”
The [Cook] screamed and leapt back. Erin recoiled just as fast.
“Saliss! How did you get in there?”
The Drake didn’t answer. But his posture was answer enough.
If you removed the wooden panels in the cupboard, it was possible, if you were very nimble and flexible, to squeeze yourself in there. Even then—Relc would never have had a chance. Saliss had managed it despite Erin’s compartment Skill not working on living matter.
“I—I didn’t even see him—”
“He makes potions of invisibility. Saliss! You would have given Imani a heart attack! Get out!”
Erin grabbed at Saliss’ tail, one of the more acceptable appendages to grab, and tugged. Saliss tumbled out of the cupboard and onto the kitchen floor. He immediately curled up into a ball and rolled into a corner.
“I’m invisible. Pretend I’m invisible, please, or I’ll have to use a potion.”
The [Innkeeper] had had enough. She swatted at Saliss—and punched the edge of the kitchen counter. Erin danced around, waving her hand in agony. Lyonette grabbed at Saliss and Imani poked with a broom. Somehow—they missed.
“Why are you doing this, Saliss?”
Erin reached for him. This time—since it wasn’t a blow, she actually touched him. Lyonette saw the [Innkeeper] recoil as if she’d been shocked.
“Saliss?”
“Can’t I hide?”
He uncurled. Erin looked at him, then around.
“…Let’s go to the [Garden]. If you do need to hide—sorry, Imani. Saliss—”
The Drake obediently followed her into the magical garden. He stood, looking around at the grass and plants…
“You know, I wonder who had this garden last. If it was me, I’d have turned it into an alchemical garden. But you just found it with plants, didn’t you?”
“Mhm.”
Erin was inspecting Saliss. The Drake nodded.
“…Probably not the King’s Gardener, then. You’ve heard of Tottenval?”
“Um. Vaguely.”
It was an odd conversation topic to suddenly bring up. But Erin was willing to entertain Saliss right now. He looked blankly past her.
“He would have turned this place into a farm. To feed people. I met him, on Chandrar. He was a good person. Never took a single life. Grew food to feed people. I thought—that was a good person. But he served the King of Destruction. This was back when I was just an apprentice, by the way. A long, long time ago.”
“He does sound good. He just fed people? That’s…important.”
Saliss nodded. He stared around the dome, at the vines on the walls, the circular opening which admitted sunlight. Then he looked at Erin. Straight at her.
