Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 35
The [Prince] bowed with a flourish. Cognita gave him a level look, but passed him from the sea-dunk test. Prince Zenol of Nerrhavia’s Fallen had travelled hard to meet the Four Winds of Teral from inland, and it showed a bit, despite his entourage of servant-bodyguards’ luggage and their larger group.
Barelle the Bard glanced at Zenol as the [Prince] went to oversee the loading of cargo. They wanted to be out of port in twenty minutes or less.
“I believe the last time we met was six years ago, Miss Cognita.”
“Yes. You interviewed me for your latest song. Is it finished?”
Barelle looked wistful. He plucked at a chord on his harp. For a moment, the harbor paused, as a single chord stilled the waters, the rocking boat, and made all go quiet.
Such was the power of the great [Bard]. A man Cognita could respect in that sense.
“Almost. I have sung it many times, but my tales are more popular. It is one thing for me to sing it, with the Skills and power allotted to me. Another to write something that even a Level 5 [Bard] can recite and bring a room to silence.”
“That is true. That you know it is well. I am not displeased to meet you, Barelle. I believe your company is more welcome. As for the [Prince]…equanimous. Are you travelling in his company?”
She had not missed how familiar the two were. Barelle nodded. He eyed the [Prince] as Zenol strode up the decks. He looked fabulously stunning in his rich clothes, without an adventurer’s armor, but Cognita saw his sword was the most powerful artifact he held, and his defensive armaments. He was a match for any one of the Silver Swords at least, beyond them in terms of gear.
He was also an adventurer by the simplest of reckonings; she saw how he had replaced limbs with less-fitted ones. He had taken wounds and it did not show to non-experts, but it did to her.
“He participated in the Village of the Dead’s raid, Cognita. I saw fit to interview him and many of the others. Yet it is Prince Zenol I follow now, because he returns to Chandrar to chase the lead of the missing team.”
“The Horns of Hammerad.”
Memory stirred. Cognita saw Barelle’s eyes light up; he could spot a connection.
“You know them?”
“I am familiar with two of their number. They were—are—[Mages] of Wistram. They live.”
Barelle nodded.
“So it seems. Prince Zenol considers it a debt unpaid, so we are bound for Nerrhavia’s Fallen.”
Interesting. Cognita appraised the [Prince] again. He strode up the gangplank, and Bressa called for the ship to depart. Fast as could be, the Four Winds turned for its next destination.
“I see. Why do you join him? Barelle the Bard was content to his station. A great song for the ages, but no more adventures. That is what you told me the last time we met. Now, you are headed towards a continent rife with war, and towards Nerrhavia’s Fallen, at the side of a [Prince] who may endanger you. Why?”
Barelle gave her a shamefaced smile. His hair had grey in it. It had not the first time he met her, before he earned the first string on that harp. How soon it changed. Yet she was glad to see something had returned from his youth.
“I confess, my ambition died out. I was complacent, Cognita. Perhaps that’s why my songs stalled and I just made a comfortable living. But of late, I have had—interesting days. I was there when the first plays struck Invrisil. I met unique people, and had the chance to perform at an event which—well, I cannot say. I found myself asking what the stories behind each were, and I did not know.”
“You were drawn to the stories. That is Barelle the Bard, the Meddling Storyteller of tales.”
