Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 42
“That would be something, eh, Azam? You could be born again. Perhaps made—better.”
This time he ran a hand up Azam’s leg. Riqre’s gaze was a lighthouse’s beam. It swung from Azam to Igheriz, back again.
“What did you lose from that? No one knows. It’s chance. Yet I have heard of smart masters who can take just what they desire. Replace it, even, with a color of their own. Maybe you hate how he smiles. Take it. Are you too dour, Azam? Igheriz could take it and make you happy. Smiling all the time. Take and put together. So beautiful. Wouldn’t you like to forget why you are sad?”
Azam was afraid. He whispered.
“I would not wish that, Emir Riqre.”
The Emir stood there, cocking his head left and right. As if confused by the response. Then he shrugged.
“Well, we shall see how well you serve, then. It is difficult, and hard, but Igheriz could craft a better servant if he had the time. That is what we do. Make what we own better. The true of us do, anyways. Am I not generous with my knowledge? Thank me, Igheriz!”
Emir Riqre took a glass of wine and toasted the others. He began to laugh. Hrome and Igheriz tried to smile, but they were unnerved. They stared at Azam and chuckled with Emir Riqre. The [Guards] of Riqre’s caravan laughed with him. They laughed…and slowed, as they drank and realized Riqre hadn’t stopped laughing.
He laughed. For ten seconds. For twenty seconds. Nearly a minute, laughing, and laughing until everyone was silent. Staring. Guffawing with such hilarity and glee that his voice was the only sound anywhere.
Pisces felt like his skin was crawling off his body. He looked at Riqre, and the Emir only stopped laughing after nearly two minutes had passed. He panted, and then looked around, as if confused as to why everyone looked so unnerved.
“Ah, Igheriz. Pisces. These are just little tricks. When we get to my estates, I promise you…”
He looked at Azam.
“True fun shall begin.”
Pisces looked at Igheriz. The man’s smile was gone once more. He looked at Riqre, and licked his lips and drank as deeply as he could. He could not pretend. He tried, oh, how he tried. But each and every time, he stared a little deeper into Riqre’s soul and saw more madness.
More insanity.
The others departed in time, to uneasy sleep. Riqre left in good humor, and the [Necromancer] and other [Slaves] were led away.
Azam stood there, a silent sentinel. Only when all but the sentries were abed, only when he was alone, unwatched, did he make a sound.
A small cry. No tears. No other evidence, no louder sound did he dare, or else he would show his weakness. The Emir devoured such things.
Yet he did make a sound then, as he looked down at the wasted magicore on the ground. A part of him.
Inside, the Djinni wept. He cried out, and wept and raged. For something he had lost, truly lost. He mourned and sobbed for something gone.
He did not know what he had lost. He could not remember.
 
—-
 
The last product of Riqre’s madness made himself known as they were two days away from Riqre’s lands. Pisces dreaded what he would see in Riqre’s home. How could it be worse than here? Than this?
The looming dread almost made you forget the horrors Igheriz could inflict. Almost. But Cawe didn’t forget. Of course not. No one did, but Leciaun was once a year, so you could almost blot it out, pretend it didn’t exist, as a kind of self-defense mechanism. That people like Igheriz would ‘reward’ their favorite [Guards] more often than that was a truth no one spoke about.
