Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 7
A high-level…something. Mrsha stared at Ratici, suspiciously as the Drake noted all the places she and Numbtongue had just been. She looked around for the Hobgoblin, but he was gone.
“Numbtongue, Numbtongue! They found your secret stuff! The hat-duo!”
Mrsha found him in Octavia’s shop. She waved her hands, using sign language. At first, the Hobgoblin didn’t notice.
“Mhm. Looks like nice paste. Edible?”
“It’s more than that, Numbtongue. And no, don’t eat it. Ryoka calls it penicillin. Or something close. I’m spreading the word, trying to find a buyer among [Healers].”
Octavia was leaning across her counter, showing the Hobgoblin something in a jar. Mrsha waved her paws.
“What? Is that Mrsha? Hey! My shops off-limits, kid! Say, Numbtongue, do you know why all my cupboards are suddenly three times as big on the inside?”
The [Alchemist] frowned. Numbtongue grinned.
“What happened was—what, Mrsha?”
He bent down. With some trouble, Mrsha explained. Numbtongue frowned and his eyes flicked back to the common room. But he didn’t seem too concerned.
“High-level. Smart. I’ll watch them. You go back. No Mrshas allowed in shop. What buyers, Octavia?”
The two went back to smiling over the weird-smelling paste. Mrsha huffily walked back to the door. Some people weren’t grateful for Mrsha the Spy’s information! How dare they!
She was ready to spy on the two dangerous, potential infiltrators when the door opened and brought through a slurry of people from Pallass.
“Hello everybody! Did you miss me!”
A naked Drake strode into the inn. Ratici choked on his drink. Mrsha’s head turned. Saliss of Lights bounded into the room, smiling, waving—naked. You got used to it.
“I say, sir! There are children here! Put on some pants, please!”
Wilovan rose to his feet. The Drake spun.
“Excuse me? You and what army? Say—”
The two locked eyes across the room. Ratici’s eyes narrowed.
“Named Adventurer.”
Saliss eyed them.
“Hm.”
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights had not had a good day. Or perhaps that was inaccurate to say. Saliss had been fine.
Yesterday, he’d been largely out of sight during the riots. And even afterwards—he’d just gone around handing out potions to injured people, nakedly posing in front of [Guard] patrols and annoying the heck out of them—that was what Saliss had done.
At the same time, though, a certain female Drake had seen fighting. She’d dragged more than one person out of the protests when the Watch came cracking down on them like a ton of bricks. It did not put either Drake in a good mood.
Saliss didn’t know why he’d come here. Perhaps because he was in a bad mood. He did not want to be in…Pallass at the moment. The curfew and martial law was still in effect.
He narrowed his eyes. He couldn’t read either Wilovan or Ratici’s levels or classes. But that didn’t matter. Saliss recognized talent. And anyone who bought charms that blocked [Appraisal] usually needed such items for a reason.
“Say, fellows. Do I know you?”
The Drake skipped over and put an arm around the Gnoll’s shoulder. For a moment he saw the Gnoll’s body shift. He was quick. But he relaxed and let Saliss do it.
“I am, sir, Wilovan. And this is my partner, Ratici. You must be the infamous Saliss of Lights.”
“Guilty! But don’t arrest me! The jails are already full in Pallass!”
The Drake grinned about them. Wilovan looked down.
“Sir, there’s a young Gnoll child in this very inn. I have to insist you put on something to cover your shortcomings.”
“Hey! They’re not that sh—well, maybe they are. But I’m afraid they’re there to stay.”
The Gnoll coughed. He adjusted his hat.
