Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 24
“If I may, Professor? I have to know this. Would you—tell us about your battle with Queravia?”
Wil broke the silence at last. Umina exhaled slowly. Yes. Of the big questions they had, that was the last one. Niers slowly raised his head. He stopped smiling.
“Ah. My famous battle with the King of Destruction’s [Strategist]. Queravia, the Gambler of Fates. You want to know how it went, I suppose?”
“You’ve never told us in class. I mean, about the battle, but never the specifics. Does everyone ask, Professor? Everyone who comes here?”
The Fraerling nodded, grinning.
“Of course they do! They want to hear it from me. And to be fair, it’s a tale worth telling. It’s just not one I care to tell to the public. You know all about it, of course?”
Umina nodded. She’d heard Foliana give her speech about the famous battle three years in a row. The Squirrel Beastkin didn’t even change her words, but it still got her applause each year with the retelling. But she had never heard the Titan telling his version of it.
“Was there something secret about the battle?”
“No. Yes—damn. Let’s go from the beginning.”
“Another lecture, Professor?”
Umina teased the Titan. He scowled, and then grinned.
“No, this isn’t a lecture. Well, perhaps it is. We’ve gone over the King of Destruction’s tactics and the way he was able to so effectively crush his opponents with grand strategy. Everyone knows that. But I want to tell you some of the information I don’t share about the end of the King of Destruction’s rampage.”
Umina and Wil exchanged another look. Secret information? They edged even closer, rocking the table. The Titan nearly lost his footing.
“Careful! My wardrobe’s over there! Yes, secret information. Alright, scoot in. This is what I don’t teach in my lessons. Part of it is due to caution; it could land me in trouble if I were accused of spreading rumors. And the other reason is because, frankly, there’s little to learn. First, let’s talk about the war. He’d taken Chandrar and was splitting up his armies to invade both Izril and Baleros at once.”
“And that’s where he failed, right, sir? The Minotaurs ambushed his fleets at sea and killed one of his Seven. The Blighted King sent an army from Rhir and defeated Takhatres while the Walled Cities stalemated his armies. And in Baleros—”
“I killed Queravia.”
Niers put his cup down. He stood, looking from face to face.
“Yes. And after that, the King of Destruction entered his slumber and his kingdom collapsed. But it wasn’t that simple. You see, we teach that he was overextending, overconfident, and naturally he lost. But in truth, he was close to winning. Or at least, his strategy might have let him throw two continents into war.”
“Really? But his decision to split his armies—”
“It was intelligent. Risky, but he knew the world was coming for him. And like the Goblin King in decades since then, we’ve seen that few people can fight every army at once. So the King of Destruction changed tactics. Rather than let Chandrar be invaded and fight a defensive war, he, or perhaps Queravia, devised a bold strategy. Occupy two continents in war and force the battles to happen there.”
“But how would he fight on two fronts?”
Wil was perplexed, trying to see ahead of the answer. So was Umina. She blinked.
“Wait—was it—the Gnolls?”
Wil and Niers looked at her. The Titan’s eyes glittered.
