Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 22
The [Pirate Captain] stared at Peki. He eyed the water dribbling down her cheeks. She didn’t seem to be actually…crying. She nodded. The Bloodtear Captain glanced at his crew. He shrugged.
“Capture her. Get all three ships. We’ll have to sink them all, anyways.”
The Garuda stared at the [Captain] as he grinned at her behind the helm.
“You’re going to attack us?”
“Yep.”
He laughed. Peki thought about this and shrugged.
“Okay. Watch the boom.”
“Huh?”
She kicked the wheel. The [Captain] swore, grabbing, but a foot kicked him off his feet. He went tumbling—
And his ship turned as the boom swung around. It crashed into the second ship, and both slowed. Peki flew off as the Bloodtear Pirates loosed spells and arrows after her back. The [Martial Artist] nimbly dodged. They ruled the seas, but she had trained to fight in the air. Everything but booms.
The third ship came on, though. It was on a collision course with The Emerald Signet! Desperately, the Storm Ship turned, but the pirate ship turned to catch it. They too had a magical wind in their sails. A magical wind—
“[Galewinds].”
Peki flapped past them and cast the scroll. The [Pirate Captain] of the third ship looked up as a second wind blew crossways, blasting the sail around. He swore as the ship turned against his will. He began to fight the two winds as Peki flapped off.
“Ah, the old, ‘distract them with Peki’, and then ‘catch them off-guard with Peki again gambit’. Classic.”
Merrik chortled as he watched The Emerald Signet racing past the ships. All three turned to join the chase. Now—five ship’s worth of spells were flying at The Emerald Signet’s rear.
A Gnoll braced behind cover as she stared at Merrik. Peki landed on the deck, panting, but only slightly singed.
“How often do you use that tactic?”
“You’d be surprised.”
“Our turns.”
Wil and Venaz appeared at one side of the ship. They winced as a hail of [Fireballs] exploded around the sails.
“Sails are down! Replace them now!”
“We need five minutes!”
Inky howled as Captain Lasc felt his ship slow. Desperately, the [Storm Captain] looked over his shoulder. The other ships were coming alongside.
“Board them and take the treasure! Repel the Bloodtear Pirates!”
Therrium was howling as his ship exchanged fire with the others. Ahead, The Emerald Signet, floundering, was throwing up a white flag.
“Kill them.”
The [Pirate Captain] pointed. But he saw Wil, Venaz, and Yerra dragging something to the port.
“Stop! Stop! We surrender! We’ll give you the casket! But kill us and it goes over!”
Wil shouted. All five ships stopped. They drew alongside.
“It’s a trick!”
The first mate opined. Therrium peered through a spyglass.
“No. It’s the real casket! They can’t create a fake although—get me a [Detect Magic] spell!”
It was the casket. Genuine. One of the Bloodtear Pirate ships streamed forwards and the other Drowned Ship, The Sinking Light, rammed them. They began to fight.
“Give us the treasure.”
Another of the Bloodtear Pirates was blocking The Passing Shadow. Fearless, their crews were boarding, hacking at Therrium’s crew. The Drowned Man slashed through the enemy as he roared, trying to get his ship closer.
The [Pirate Captain] had a crossbow aimed at Wil’s head and the [Pirates] were poised to catch. Wil nodded.
“Take it.”
“Open the casket.”
The [Pirate Captain] was in no mood to play games or be tricked again. Wil slowly did so. The diamond swords shone from within the casket. The [Pirate Captain] stared.
“Get me a null magic net. And hand it over.”
