Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 4
“Everything going well with the potions game? I don’t check in.”
“It’s fine. I’m on a breakthrough. Just trying to fund it.”
The Named Adventurer spoke briefly, grimacing and crossing out a potential potion. Mirn raised his brows. It had to be something if Saliss was counting coins.
“I haven’t seen Onieva around.”
“Busy.”
Only then did Saliss look up. And Mirn—for a second their eyes met.
Old friends. Mirn had known his old friend before Saliss had gone to Chandrar to study abroad. Onieva had come back. Saliss, to quote Onieva, was the adventurer, the [Alchemist].
The unhappy one. The one who was Pallass. Oh, people talked about how Saliss of Lights was a public nuisance, a nudist, a disgrace…but they’d not have tolerated the Named Adventurer if they were really all that.
Other cities had Named Adventurers who were proper, entire disgraces like Shriekblade. No one talked about them. They were managed, and not given the free lease Saliss was.
Saliss of Lights was both annoyance and hero at times. The Wyvern attack had been the last big proof of that. Anyways, the thing was…
Mirn looked away. Old friends they were, but Saliss scared the daylights out of Mirn sometimes. Onieva told him stories about what Saliss did that kept Mirn up at night.
“Anything else you need, Mirn?”
“That magic door in Liscor?”
The [Alchemist] smiled.
“Not for sale. Not even old Xif could get ahold of that.”
“Pity. You know what we could do with a door like that…?”
“Nothing.”
“You mean, not a bar a thousand feet underground that—”
Saliss looked up and sighed. He leaned on one claw, a pudgy, alchemically-wrought face suddenly serious.
“Nothing, Mirn. Because Pallass can tell where teleportation spells are. Liscor—you could hide for a while. Pallass? You’d be painting a huge target on your back.”
Mirn felt an unpleasant chill run down his scales. He scratched at one arm to settle the sensation.
“Ancestors. You didn’t think to mention that?”
“You’ve never tried it before. Onieva would have brought it up.”
Back to the numbers Saliss went. Mirn shifted.
Neither one was going to do anything as social as bring up the past. What had been said—again, Onieva was the social one who’d complain or cry or rage. Mirn picked at the wyvern steak—rather cheap and plentiful even so long after the attack thanks to storehouses that preserved the meat. He looked around, a habit, for watching eyes.
The dive bar they were in was cheap, unobtrusive, and both Drakes were used to making sure no one was following them. And even if there was some kind of [Spy] in the room?
They…might be in trouble. Saliss saw a glassy-eyed [Server] leaning against a wall. Two customers were talking in that space-out way about…the future…
“I think we’ve just contaminated this entire bar.”
Mirn exhaled another plume of glittering haze. Second-hand it might be, but it was enough to affect everyone else. Saliss copied him.
“Good point. Let’s split. Onieva will get in touch. Where now?”
“4th Floor. Unless we have to move twice.”
“Got it.”
They left it at that. Mirn walked out and vanished into Pallass. The other Drake remained a while. He left a large tip; enough to delight the disoriented [Server]. Then he too walked out.
It was an unfriendly goodbye. Saliss dwelled on that for a little while as he gulped down a potion and felt his body shift.
The issue was not that Mirn was any less…Mirn when Saliss was Saliss. But it was just—different. Worse, really.
Saliss felt worse in his scales when he was around Mirn and it wasn’t his friend’s fault. Only that Saliss knew who he should be and it was never stronger then.
