Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 50
He was alive. Crusader 51 knelt by him, the enchanted sword raised, terrified the Gnoll would come back. Antinium ran around him. Drakes and Gnolls shouted, ran past him—some looked like enemies, but neither paid attention to the two still Antinium.
Crusader 51 knelt for a long time, holding Crusader 53. By the time his friend woke up, the cloud of darkness was thinning, and light was rising.
They had survived. But neither [Crusader] felt anything like warmth or happiness, though every squad who survived was commended that day.
Squad 5 was gone. Crusader 51…
Who was he now? He looked around at the dead Soldiers and wondered how this was fair.
 
[Crusader Level 13!]
[Skill – Blinding Flash (Sword) obtained!]
[Skill – Faith is My Strength obtained!]
 
Crusader 51 clenched and unclenched his hands.
He felt as weak as a bug.
 
 
 
 
Belgrade, [Strategist]
 
The instant the darkness descended, Belgrade knew they were in grave danger.
His first hint was the speaking stones.
“Commander Olesm. Please come in. What are your directives?”
He heard nothing. Belgrade tried again.
“Commander Olesm?”
Nothing.
Then the [Fear] effect struck. Belgrade felt a terrible terror seize him. Something was coming to kill him! He was going to die!
The Antinium wavered—but wait. He had felt like that many times.
The Antinium resisted the fear. The same could not be said for his forces.
“Run! Run! They’re everywhere!”
“They’ve broken through our ranks! Fall back!”
“Hold! Hold your ground!”
Some of the officers tried to stop the panic, but Belgrade raised his voice.
“No. Retreat. Fall back!”
He had seen Hectval piercing Liscor’s lines. The enemy might be flanking them. The [Soldiers] began retreating as Belgrade tried to raise Olesm. They had a backup system if the [Messages] and speaking stones went down.
“Get me our runners. I need to speak to Olesm.”
The problem was…they had never needed to use it. And either the designated messengers were dead or they’d fled.
All Belgrade could do was fall back and try to rally his forces. So the Antinium retreated and felt it was…
Familiar.
 
 
 
 
Kerone, [Squad Leader]
 
The officers were on the verge of running. Squad Leader Kerone was no hero; he didn’t even have a true military class, just [Squad Leader] rather than [Captain] or [Sergeant] because this wasn’t Liscor’s army. If he held and told the others to do the same and listen to the Antinium, it was because he knew they had no chance if they scattered.
However, their leader wasn’t Commander Olesm—it was Belgrade.
Kerone hadn’t been one of the officers who’d vocally objected to an Antinium leading them, but he had held his doubts. Now? He heard a babble of arguments as the Antinium surveyed the fighting in the darkness.
Where were they? They could barely read maps—and this was surely not the time to try! Hectval was everywhere, and they were fighting around…what? Caves? One of the hilltops?
Belgrade seemed to know. He was trying to give orders.
“Squad Leader Messk, move your forces to hold that position, there. I require a runner to the embattled squads…there.”
He pointed at fighting and shouting down the hill.
“They must retreat to this location.”
“You want to send us into that?”
“Yes. I must.”
A panicking Drake shook her head rapidly.
“No! No! I won’t let you send me to my death like some Antinium! We’re people, not—”
Belgrade clicked his mandibles together.
“We must fight or die. You will not be safer hiding here. Order. I must have more Skills to tell them from afar. These are not Antinium.”
“No, we’re not!”
