Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 3
To recap: Fierre had just taken Teriarch’s cure. The panacea had made her vomit into her bag of holding for about five minutes. That was a lot of puke. Also, the driver had unintentionally revealed she was a Djinni.
Oh, and Ryoka was on her way to the Archmage of Izril’s mansion to deliver Lady Ieka’s message so she could convene a meeting of the Fae at the Summer’s Solstice, but who was counting the weird things in her life? Ryoka saw Fierre fidget.
In the dim coach, her eyes shone crimson. Ryoka had noticed Fierre’s red irises from the start. But now, they had a luminescence. And as Fierre twisted, glancing at the front of the carriage and then at Ryoka again, the Human girl saw it.
A fluidity of movement. A certainness about Fierre. She had always been fast and inhumanly strong. But now, the Vampire girl made Ryoka feel like she was slow.
She was cured. Fierre opened her mouth, grinned weakly at Ryoka. Even her canines seemed…sharper. Although that could just be Ryoka’s imagination. She looked at Ryoka. Or rather, her friend’s neck, and then away.
“Don’t worry. I’m not that hungry anymore.”
Fierre muttered. Ryoka jumped, blushed.
“I didn’t—”
“I wouldn’t do it anyways. Ryoka, I owe you. This feels amazing.”
“You’ve said.”
The Vampire girl grinned and stretched. Beside her sat, oh, about eight empty bottles of blood. Animal’s blood, from her home. She’d been ravenous after throwing up, but fortunately she hadn’t gone for Ryoka.
“It tasted awful, by the way. I guess I really was cured. But—I’m fine.”
She said that while grinning teasingly at Ryoka. But it was true; Fierre didn’t look that tempted. On the other hand…Ryoka felt electricity running down her back.
“This is—Fierre, this is—”
The City Runner looked at her friend. And she had to say it.
“This is so cool.”
The other young woman grinned hugely. It was! Fierre clenched one fist.
“I feel like I could break a boulder in half! When we stop—I have to try sparring! Or running! I bet I could outrun a horse! And then throw it! I’m cured, Ryoka! I’m invincible!”
Both young women heard a snort from the front. Fierre’s grin slipped. Ryoka eyed the bottles of blood next to Fierre. They were covered with a bit of black…bile.
“Uh, those are starting to smell. Maybe.”
“Oh. Right.”
Brought back to reality, Fierre tossed them into the bag of holding she carried. The bag of holding now containing several pounds of black bile. The Vampire girl grimaced.
“I should have thrown up anywhere but here! It’s on all of my stuff!”
“Can you clean it off…?”
“Not without emptying the entire bag of holding—”
“Not in my coach, Vampire.”
The muffled voice came from the front of the Unmarked Coach. Ryoka and Fierre jumped. Fierre mouthed to Ryoka, without even speaking.
She has good ears!
Ryoka nodded. Again, the voice sounded, annoyed.
“Better than yours, Vampire!”
This time, Ryoka had to respond.
“Excuse me. But if we’ve offended you, Miss Driver—er—can I ask your name?”
“You may ask me my name. But do not expect me to enjoy answering, Human girl.”
She sounded really annoyed with them. To be fair, a puking Vampire probably wasn’t fun for anyone to deal with. Ryoka opened the sliding panel again and this time—the downpour ceased for a second. A beam of weak sunlight entered the coach.
“Argh!”
Fierre shouted in pain. Ryoka spun.
“Fierre?”
The Vampire girl had recoiled so fast she was a blur. Now, she clutched at her face.
“Ryoka! The light! Close the panel! Close the—”
Ryoka did. She saw Fierre lower her shaking hands. And Ryoka saw—
“Dead gods. Your face, Fierre! It’s—”
