Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 18
The [Aegiscaster] nodded slowly. The [Water Bridge] carried Altestiel forwards. He stood in front of Erin as it built itself out of the rain.
“Miss Erin Solstice.”
He swept her a courtly bow. Faintly, Erin looked up at him.
“I thought you weren’t going to make a big deal about this.”
“Did I say that? Besides—I often do this.”
His eyes twinkled. He held an arm out, bowing again.
“Miss Solstice. I’m told it’s safer these days. Pray—would you care to walk with me?”
In the rain? But it didn’t touch him. Erin looked at the colors and softly falling rain. The wind blew around her. And she felt—
That sensation you got when you stood, in the center, or watching a fabulous storm. Admiring the way the wind blew over a million blades of grass, moved the trees. Watching the rain fall a trillion drops each second.
Nature, all-encompassing. Unsurpassable. And awe inspiring. Erin might have been intimidated. But then she remembered what the others had told her. Hexel’s words.
And she looked at Altestiel. Really looked at him. He looked around, with the same youthful excitement in his eyes. He was dressed like royalty. He walked on water.
…But for a moment, Erin saw a boy who loved to stand in rainstorms. Maybe that’s where his class had started.
“Walk? And do what?”
“Talk. Tell me more about your favorite games of chess. Or I’ll talk about rain. Did you know it rains ice from the skies in the far north?”
“Hail?”
“You know it?”
Erin laughed. She stepped out, and then bounced on the bridge of water. It was buoyant, a bit slippery, but not as much as you’d expect!
“Whoa! This is so cool!”
“I know, isn’t it? I walk around like this all the time when I have a chance. Her Majesty calls it showing off, but she’s just jealous.”
“Wh—wh—”
Montressa watched Erin hesitantly take a few more steps, asking if she could fall. The [Knight Marshal of the Rains] gestured and the bridge moved with them. And they began to walk. Across the Floodplains, escorted at a distance by Kiish and the others.
“Dude.”
Kevin looked at Joseph, who was open-mouthed. Well—almost everyone’s mouth was so wide open Apista could have flown in and out. Palt stared after Erin. She was actually…?
Someone put a heavy hand on his shoulder. The Centaur jumped. Bezale looked down at Palt and shook her head at the [Illusionist]. She gestured out of the window as the rains and rainbows followed Altestiel and Erin.
“You had better work on your gift, Palt. I would tell you I’m rooting for you, but that Human has class.”
She walked off as Mrsha happily ran about in the rain.
 
—-
 
Ser Markus and Dame Talia were being interrogated when Ser Solstice was brought in. Not dragged, not shoved into the chair, although he was bound and watched. By more [Soldiers] than either [Knight], the two noticed with some dismay.
But then, the Bear Brawlers had seen Ser Solstice fight. And they respected someone who fought with his all-or-nothing improvisation. It was painful to say, but the Order of Seasons with their discipline and expertise with their chosen weapons had not done as well in the mad chaos of the escape attempt.
Ser Markus was a bit dizzy; he’d been thrown like a bowling pin from one of the northern kingdom’s games by that [General]. But they’d given him some water and time to mutter his name and persons to contact.
“Sit here. No sudden moves. Hey, where’s the third [Mage]? Get him in here!”
“He ate something bad. One sec.”
