Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 22
But people? Those you counted. Kept track of. In the past, they had been the insane, closer to [Explorers] who would battle monsters. Take months to arrive in the most bygone areas. In time, over a long period, they organized. Changed.
Today they were called Couriers. But if you read a book—the [Trapmaster Assassin] closed his. His name was—Ferin.
Not an important name. The kind of name he could replace. Tomorrow he might be Damocle, or Even. Names—didn’t matter.
[Assassins] now—if you read the right books, the secret histories that few [Historians] knew or would dare to record—you’d know something about [Assassins].
The [Trapmaster] listened. He heard shouts of pain. A scream.
One, then.
Black-clad figures rushed past him like a stream. Countless bodies, flooding across the ground. The [Trapmaster] held back. What had they said, now? That famous line.
Couriers outbound. But the thing about bragging, announcing it meant that everyone knew where you were.
First Landing. Well, eighty miles away from it. It was depressing. They’d been going down the roads. Maybe they thought it was a numbers game.
Well—countless [Assassins] were pouring towards their targets. And dying. Ferin could see bodies flying around, the flashes of light. But the Ranks, the expendable [Assassins], didn’t stop.
What you read about in the Guild’s annals, and what was common—Ferin checked his annotations on the worn book of the guild’s history.
 
Complacency – Arrogance – Decay. Ferin, [Trapmaster Assassin] of Izril.
 
Just a little note for the future [Assassin] who might check out the book. He didn’t dare write anything more. Certainly not the essays from [Assassins] who had possessed this book a thousand years ago.
Ferin twisted the book sideways, opened up the attached sheaf of folded parchment someone had actually added to one passage.
 
…I have slain Dragons with my blades and I will be known as the greatest name of the Guild for tens of thousands of years. I am [Dragonslayer]. I am almighty. My name is…
 
Well, that part was harder to figure out because someone else had scratched it out. As Ferin had noted—so he hoped that in the future, some great [Assassin] would look at Ferin’s short observations and say ‘that was a smart [Assassin].’
You could hope for nothing more. And as the [Trapmaster] closed the book—he heard a voice.
“Lancel…Lancel, run. Don’t look back.”
Ahead of him, six Couriers were fighting. Trying to run.
Couriers outbound. They knew the Guild would try to stop them. So they’d taken twice as many Couriers as last time. And notably—the legend herself.
Mihaela Godfrey. She was…choking. Gasping for air. Perhaps because of the poison gas. Ferin adjusted his cloth mask. Enchanted.
One Courier down from the explosive tripwire trap. If they were dead—but if they were alive, they might stay alive if they were wise enough to surrender. The remaining five were running. And the Courier who’d accepted the contract, the one with a ‘bone to pick’ with the Guild, Lancel the Leaper, was running.
Into another world. Even Ferin felt a slight chill as he saw the gateway opening, admitting four of the Couriers. The last—Mihaela—blocked the way.
Lightning. Ferin held back and he saw the Guildmistress and every figure around her for thirty feet vanish. But they were the Ranks.
As for the [Assassins] holding back like Ferin—six.
Six Faces for six Couriers. Seemed fair? Ferin watched as more of the lesser [Assassins] ran towards their deaths. And after the Couriers. The remaining Faces moved forwards to deal with the Guildmistress.
