Interlude – Rufel
Page 2
“Perhaps. I would like to inquire—among your beverages do you have anything truly exemplary? I ask only as a connoisseur of good taste.”
The Gnoll took a moment to process this.
“I have any number of drinks. I can find something for you, but do you have a preference? I warn you, some of the drinks can get expensive. Although I’m sure you’re good for it.”
In fact, Rufelt knew that the young man was. That was another [Bartender]’s trick. The young man sniffed again and Rufelt remembered. Erin had warned him about a sniffing [Necromancer]. He’d been picturing a Gnoll. Warily, Rufelt eyed Pisces, but again, the mask of friendliness was in place.
“Money is of course, no object. I’m merely inquiring as to your purview of drinks. I have had a number of supposedly excellent beverages that amounted to no more than a cheap trick. Whilst I wouldn’t object to considered and tasteful entertainment, I’m sure you’d agree that the substance of a libation is more important than presentation, would you not?”
Sometimes you got customers like this. Rufelt took his time in replying as he polished a glass, which was mainly a tic he liked to do for fun because it made him look busy.
“I happen to agree. And as I said, I have a number of drinks available. Would you like a list or for me to select one?”
Pisces paused, frowning. Before he could reply, a Drake with light green scales took a seat next to him. She rolled her eyes.
“Pisces, stop bothering the [Bartender] and just ask for a drink. Dead gods, but you can’t go anywhere without bothering someone, can you? Just admit you don’t know what drink you want. I’m sure the [Bartender] can figure out what you want.”
The [Necromancer] colored and turned. Rufelt was amused to see the young Drake get under the Human’s skin so fast. He remembered her too; she’d been with Krshia. Her name was…
“Selys, I’m quite aware of any number of drinks. I am simply trying to make conversation with, ah, Master Rufelt about the best sort of drink he has to offer. Is it not lazy to ask to the [Bartender]’s choice? Educating oneself about the selection of liquor is a mark of culture.”
“Or being pretentious. [Bartender] Rufelt, is it? What’ve you got? And do you do tricks? Hi, I’m Selys. I think we met. I’m a [Receptionist]—er, I mean, [Heiress].”
The Drake waved at Rufelt. He smiled and nodded to the selection behind him.
“It’s quite simple, Miss Selys, Mister Pisces. If you want a good drink, I can make you a good drink. If you want tricks—I can give you a flaming drink, make one that floats—but I’m not pouring ten drinks at once while hopping on one foot and playing a trumpet. Aside from that, fancy presentation, substance over style—it depends on what you order, but I can guess for you. I’m fairly good at that.”
The Drake and Human exchanged a glance. Pisces shrugged.
“Well then, by all means, what would you recommend for me? I am in the mood for some considered drinking, but of course, the hour is early—”
He paused as Rufelt immediately turned around and got to work. The other trick with people like the self-styled connoisseur of a [Necromancer] was to give them what they wanted, not what they asked for. Which was why the deep amber drink was at first plain—until Rufelt added in a swirling, palely fluorescent green drink and mixed the rest with a large, fresh leaf of mint.
The drink swirled as both Drake and Human blinked at it. Rufelt smiled as he slid it across the counter with a flourish.
“Here. Try this.”
