Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 2
“She doesn’t talk to me. And everyone says nice things to her. And Mother says I can’t bother her. And she gets to eat lobster whenever she wants. And she’s got a magic wand and I don’t.”
“Woe is you. Cers, get away from my spell-pouch.”
He was sniffing at it. Satar snatched it up and made sure she had all the compartments in order. She was almost ready…she took a few deep breaths.
“I’m ready. I can do this.”
“Why are you nervous? It’s boring. Anyone could do it, even you. Only baby cubs like Retellings.”
So said the nine-year-old. Satar glared at him.
“So don’t follow me.”
Of course, he did. Maybe it was some twisted form of support. As Satar hurried out of the Silverfang camp and towards the platform just outside the private area, she saw a crowd had gathered.
True to Cers’ words, they were all very young Gnolls, some with parents or older siblings or guardians in attendance. It did nothing to stop the man-eating butterflies in Satar’s stomach. She saw them turn to her and put on her best smile.
Her head rose, and she gazed out over the heads of little Gnolls who ran about on all fours. Brown fur, jet-black, even reds or blondes, though those were far less common. She had even seen Gnolls with faint purple to their fur, although it might have been dye.
The older Gnolls turned to grey, but kept most of their original color. Not that they were just fur; they wore colorful clothing mixed with dyes from across Izril and the world. Some had jewelry like her; others had dyed parts of their fur. Weatherfur’s Gnolls were practically pieces of art in and of themselves, having bright splashes of color on their fur.
Some Gnolls even dyed themselves in more dramatic ways. Fur, like clothing, was an expression, and every Plains Gnoll tribe of note was here, so they were incredibly varied. Any color of fur, brown eyes for the most part…
But no white fur. Never pure white fur, even as an aesthetic. Satar approached them at a trot, then realized she needed to slow down.
Slow. Walk! [Shamans] do not run! Unless there’s a fire or monster attack. Cetrule’s words came to her, and she tried to turn her stride into a confident stroll.
Cers slammed into the back of her legs and she nearly went over. The boy backed up, and Satar heard a titter from her audience.
Wonderful. She was sweating already, and not from her costume. She wished another older [Shaman] like Volah was here. But she was experienced enough to do this on her own.
Satar strode up onto the platform for her audience of maybe…at least a hundred…and her mind went blank. She hadn’t done this before so many. Hundred? There might be three hundred here!
Silverfang was a big tribe, but these were guests and this was the Meeting of Tribes—this was a free event anyone could attend. The Gnoll children were chewing on food from the free stalls, and Satar saw Cers plop down in the grass. She tried to speak, and her memorized lines she hadn’t bothered to refresh slipped away from her and tripped out of her tongue.
“Good morning. Um—greetings, Gnolls of the Meetings of Tribes! I am Satar. Shaman Satar of the Silverfangs. The Silverfang Tribe, that is! On behalf of the Meeting of Tribes, it is my honor to offer a small Retelling to you all now.”
Oh no. She saw some of the older Gnolls look resigned, just like her heart sank when she had to go to a Retelling and a bad speaker was doing it. Satar tried to rally.
