Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 53
He had spotted one a dozen battles ago, and Manus had met [Snipers] before. Oldblood Drakes, Gnoll [Hunters], Human [Rogues], it was a common tradition to inspire fear and yield high-value kills.
Yet, for some reason, this one kept coming back. One of the officers who had experience growled.
“I could swear it was a Worker, sir.”
“And you let one kill two of your men and just ran back?”
The Gnoll flushed as Lulv looked at him.
“No, sir! I ordered volleys on the target and magic the instant I saw it! I could swear I hit it…it must have healed up.”
“Me too. I didn’t let it walk away. I thought I killed it.”
Another officer opined. Lulv scratched at his chin.
“Always from range, though. I suspect some kind of survival Skill. It needs a close-range kill. It’s not Bird the Hunter…”
They had looked and the Prognugator wasn’t present. Moreover, Lulv suspected that Antinium would have shown itself. He shook his head with a growl.
“I will personally keep an eye out. Let’s focus on those odd Antinium. I want at least one dead. And given that Belgrade is on the right wing…here’s my list of targets.”
He was bending over a map with his officers. He’d seen enough. Lulv still had that odd sinking feeling in his stomach that told him he was missing something, but he was preparing to go in. That was when Sokkel burst into his tent.
“Lulv!”
“Code names and stay clear of the camp! You’re an attaché, you idiot!”
Lulv roared, whirling on the [Strategist]. Sokkel came to a stop, but he was vibrating. Lulv felt a moment of apprehension. Something about the way Sokkel looked…
He could sense new twists and turns in the war like any veteran. Lulv straightened, hand on his spear.
“What?”
Sokkel was panting. He’d run to get here.
“The Antinium have more reinforcements! Two hundred just came in.”
“So?”
Someone asked the dumb question. Lulv just waited. Sokkel looked at him, wide-eyed.
“They’re all Painted Antinium. They’re moving onto the left flank, and it looks like they’re bound for the next battle with the Alliance.”
The [Spearmaster] held very still. Then…after one long moment, he began to grin.
“At last.”
 
 
 
 
Crusader 51, [Crusader]
 
It had all gone so well. Until the Painted Antinium arrived.
There was something in Theophilus’ speeches that called to Crusader 51. After that day, the [Cleric] spoke differently. No longer did he speak just of Heaven or the good things in the world. He began to define…
Hell.
“Hell is a place of suffering. There are no cats there. No dogs. Hell is…a wet place. Underwater. Hell is water and Crelers. And they eat paste. No, they don’t eat at all!”
He described a horrifying world of water where the bad people went. Where they would pay for killing [Crusaders].
And Crusader 51 listened and leveled.
 
[Crusader Level 17!]
 
By the time the Painted Antinium arrived, Crusader 51 and Squad 5 had stopped dying as much. Manus had gone…silent.
And Theophilus, Jerimy, and Zimrah were the icons around which the [Crusaders] fought. Not just because they had a place to send their foes.
Because…each one mattered.
Zimrah healed. She was so kind. Jerimy sat with them and gave his food until they made him eat, and he fought side-by-side with the others.
Theophilus was their voice. He condemned Hectval to wrath and suffering and named the dead. The sermons went from one minute to an hour each morning.
