Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 39
Archer B12 sat with the others, one of the originals from the first volunteers. They were still around, like Crusader 53, the old guard. However, he was currently engaged in waving all four hands around as all of Squad B sat in a circle.
Come on, come on…
Four hands per Antinium. Ten Antinium per squad. Twenty games of rock-paper-knife. It took a long time for a winner to be found, but that was fine. Antinium sat out, and then it was B12 versus Crusader 995.
He won. B12 went still as the other [Archer] lowered his hands. All of Squad B gathered around B12. Slowly, he rose, feeling calm.
Ah. At last.
A [Sniper] was dead among the enemy lines. It had been found—blasted from above by a Wyvern hiding in the sky. Manus hated that [Sniper]. It had killed so many of them, so many officers. So many [Soldiers]—even shot a Wyvern through the eye, though the Wyvern hadn’t died.
They had orders now, to try and capture the enemy. Manus just had one thing wrong in their speculations as to how it continued, though.
It wasn’t a [Sniper].
Archer B12 rose and went around Squad B, shaking hands with all of them. Good luck. Good luck.
Goodbye.
They saw him off as he collected his bow, arrows, and trooped out of the camp. Archer B12 was ready. At last…
At last, it’s my turn. 
Since Manus was coming, he found a good spot to set up and meet them. They were not Hectval, but they were on his list. Just like Bird had said.
An arrow for all of them. All of them. B12 took a little nap, and the class was waiting for him.
Just as promised.
 
——
 
The Antinium division was ready when the enemy appeared. Drisshia heralded their arrival with banging drums. They knew they couldn’t sneak up on Liscor.
So they didn’t.
“Yayde Re! Up and at them! Let’s kill some Drisshies!”
Captain Voita rode down the line of the Yoldenites, and they cheered, many having traded their gear up for plundered armor and weapons. Bepol was moving his lines up to engage Drisshia’s.
But everyone was waiting for Manus. They would attack from within Drisshia’s lines. As the enemy army moved closer through the darkness, someone swore.
“Selphid’s tits. There’s a lot of ‘em out there. I think those ‘reinforcements’ from Manus might have…doubled their numbers. Embria, you seeing this? I see multiple, multiple shadows in the clouds.”
Xith was reporting to the other officers via a speaking stone. Commander Olesm replied.
“We’re aware they reinforced, Wing Commander. Keep your squad back. Hit any Wyverns you can, but save those three Skills for my command.”
“Yes, sir.”
Wing Commander Embria listened to Xith, and the 9th Company’s leader sounded a bit leery—but he obeyed. Confidence went downhill just like crap, and Olesm sounded like he was in charge, so he was.
6th was waiting on the wings, but Narkr was watching Embria as 4th Company slowed, taking their position in Bepol’s lines.
Coincidentally, they were close to the Antinium.
“Hey! Who ate my chocolate? I know it was one of you Antinium bastards! I put it down, and you stole it! Chocolate. They said it came special from Imani’s kitchen, and there was one bag in the entire damn city! Who was it?”
Captain Vell of 2nd Squad was throwing a huge fit. The Antinium lines didn’t move. Then a familiar voice called out.
“Eat grass, Vell.”
“Who said that? Was it you, Crusader 57?”
4th Company sniggered, even Vell’s own squad.
“Order in the ranks! Are you children? Is that Significant Beavers? Good to see you. Want to join 4th?”
Wikir snapped. Significant Beavers waved at 4th Company and their expanded lines.
“No thanks! I hate heights!”
