Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 55
Mri: Erin’s better, you know. She’s so good no one can beat her. I’m one of her pupils. I bet I could whoop you like a backwards salmon being smacked on steps!
Fetohep of Khelt: That is a preposterous statement.
Mri: Nuh uh.
Fetohep of Khelt: Indeed? Then, I shall move Pawn to E4.
Mri: What are you doing?
Fetohep of Khelt: Playing chess. Or can you not visualize the game?
Mri: I can! Give me a minute!
 
It appeared the smack talk and conversation had taken place over the last few days, and the chess game had been carefully recreated on the board Mrsha was using, with Fetohep’s pieces on hers.
Oh—and this wasn’t the original game. This was game #8. The score was 7-0 so far, and if you understood how often you tied in games of chess…
Feshi looked at the winner of all zero games.
“You want me to beat him?”
Mrsha nodded rapidly. Feshi folded her arms.
“No. For one thing, he gave me the dagger. For another—that’s cheating.”
But I have to beat him! Just once! Please? It’s too hard! He’s cheating by being too good!
It reminded Satar of Cers, actually. Mrsha, for all she could write like a jaded [Lady] of Terandria sipping wine while staring out an ivory tower in the twilight of Terandria—could also be a little child.
Feshi refused. Mrsha slapped the chessboard—then her face fell. She scrambled to redo the pieces and then started crying…or fake-crying.
It’s not fair! It’s too hard! I can’t do it in my head! The pieces are stupid! You’re all mean! I’m cute! Be nicer to me!
She rolled around on the ground, and Feshi sighed. Gire calmly put the chess pieces back and nudged a bishop.
“Move that into check?”
Mrsha instantly sat up, and Feshi looked at Gire.
“Gireulashia, you shouldn’t help her. Mri needs to either learn the game or admit defeat. She won’t grow or level from cheating. Except as a [Slacker].”
A what now? Mrsha the Sloth sat up and contemplated her new career path. Feshi tried to show Mrsha what she was doing wrong.
“You’re starting a new game, and you have all your pieces. It looks like you don’t really know how knights work, do you?”
L-shapes?
Mrsha was, in fact, Erin Solstice’s worst student, and that included Toren. She hadn’t paid attention when Erin taught her, and…well, she didn’t even really understand how Fetohep kept checking her behind her own lines.
That was because she created a wall of Pawns and expected them to hold the line, like the actual Pawn would with [Holy Barrier]. Feshi, Gire, and even Rose tried to explain, but Mrsha held her head in her paws.
It’s too hard! Too many moves! Too many ways!
Fetohep had one of her knights in distress, and she kept nearly moving it into an early-demise. She understood how the knight moved, but the endless loop of possibilities and moves from each individual piece?
There was a reason why, even if a computer could do it better, people liked this game. Even Apista could beat Mrsha. Even a bee.
Feshi looked sympathetically at Mrsha, but then she snapped her furry fingers together. Which was a lot harder than when a Human did it.
“I know! Mri, I won’t help you cheat…but what if I help you play? Hmm? Sit down.”
Mrsha plomped her butt down, and Feshi waved a paw over the gameboard. Satar, watching, who was also bad at chess and, she feared privately, worse than Mrsha, saw Feshi speak.
“[Visualize Outcomes]. There. How’s that?”
Mrsha’s eyes went round. Satar, looking down, gasped. She saw Mrsha pick up the endangered knight piece—and saw a bunch of little squares light up on the board.
