Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 41
The Hobgoblin eyed him silently, then he smiled and shrugged. He looked around the room.
“It’s just gold. Worthless to a Goblin. But anyone who wants it may fetch.”
And with that he walked away. He sat down with a grunt and a sigh, and reached for a hamburger. He lifted it to his lips, and bit once. He smiled with satisfaction—
And then Numbtongue was there. The [Bard] chewed, swallowed, and looked around the room. He indicated the nugget, as Pyrite had done. And there was only silence.
No one moved. The adventurers were frozen. Keldrass, his arms folded, was flushed. He was deliberately not looking at the nugget of gold. Most people weren’t.
Of course, no one else was going to ‘fetch’ it. Pick it up and prove the Goblin’s point? Hah! Okay, he’d mined it. But he was giving it away. And if you thought about what he’d said about thieves…no. No, this was just about the gold. Every eye darted to it. It was definitely gold. If you knew anything about how heavy gold was, and if you’d seen the real stuff…gold. But no one would pick it up. That was out of the question.
Maybe, if no one was looking, someone might stroll over to it and by pure accident, nudge it with a shoe. And why not pick it up then? That damn Goblin wasn’t ordering them. It was just money, and who didn’t like that? If no one was watching. But Numbtongue was staring at all of them, with a sneer for a smile. Pieces would have been hard to outdo him at this moment.
Slowly, everyone turned back to what they were doing. Ignoring the gold on the ground. The Goblin was still there. Still watching. But so what? He’d give up and go away. In a few minutes. When he saw no one was going to pick it up. In an hour, even. They could wait hours to prove him wrong. They were people. And he was just…a talented miner. That was a useful skill, wasn’t it? Did he have a class? Did he have more gold in that bag of his? No, no. That would be theft. From a monster?
He’d go away. And when he did…‘accidents’ could happen and no one would have to own up to it. Everyone was sure on that point. Completely sure. They’d just sit there and talk…one of the Drakes looked over at his companion, a Dullahan.
“So…how’s that pizza?”
The Dullahan quickly turned his head on his shoulders.
“Fine. It is good pizza.”
“Right, right.”
The inn murmured agreement. No one was watching the nugget. They were talking about proper people-things. And the Goblin was going to get bored. They relaxed, realizing everyone was on the same wavelength. And then everyone saw it.
A complication. She was small, furry, and white. She was also a Gnoll. Mrsha was padding along the edge of the room, having born witness to Pyrite’s speech and his offer of free gold nuggets to anyone who picked it up. She was the one person moving in the tableau of a room. And suddenly, everyone was staring at her.
They all stared at Mrsha. The white Gnoll was innocently slinking from table to person to chair, towards the lovely, shiny, and most of all, round nugget lying on the floor. She had an innocent look on her face that fooled no one, not even Pawn, Yellow Splatters, and Ksmvr. Mrsha had a target. She was a Gnoll of the Stone Spears tribe and she knew the worth of a good mineral.
The future was open to the crowded room. They could all see it, as if they’d all become Gazers. If no one acted, Mrsha was going to grab the gold nugget and run off. And it would be hers. And well…what a waste.
“That’s solid gold. Pure too, if I’m any guess. Might be worth ten gold pieces. More?”
