Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 29
Palt, Montressa, Beza—and even Guildmistress Alonna, and other [Mages] who knew what was what. They ran errands, listened in silence, and seldom dared to ask questions.
But the real table was only a few people. Hedault. Pelt the Dwarf. Grimalkin. Teriarch. Or Grand Mage Eldavin.
“Another round, sirs.”
Reynold brought the drinks. He was well aware someone’s head would roll after this, but the put-upon [Butler] was helping serve the table, much to Ishkr’s bemusement. The [Mages] barely noticed.
“Yes, well. Enchantment is not what it was. One remembers rather grand enchantments that could be transcribed on a coin, say. So, one would offer a competitor [Mage] a triple-bound [Fireball] on a silver coin and watch their heads explode. Not that I ever did so myself, but it seems to me that the compression of spells is what’s lacking.”
Eldavin was waving a hand airily as he spoke. It was Grimalkin who objected.
“Politely, Grand Magus, I’d say the complexity of spells has also gone down. Wistram Academy isn’t the only institution that lacks for advanced spellcraft these days. The competency of magic has decreased worldwide.”
“Nonsense. The advancement of magic ebbs and flows. True, as a whole, the power of magic dwindles, but Archmage Zelkyr is not to blame for all of it. How long has it been since a true, worldwide disaster struck?”
“…You mean, the King of Destruction? Or the Demons?”
Hedault was tapping on his wrist, listening intently. Eldavin’s brow wrinkled.
“The…oh. No, I mean, a disaster. Like the Creler Wars. That level of adversity.”
Those sitting around the table exchanged glances.
“…Not within the last thousand years. I can name some events, but that’s a high bar to set, Grand Magus.”
The Dragon snorted.
“There you are then. When such an event strikes—it will change the next thousands of years. You see—those who level up to such high levels may pass away within mere centuries. But their artifacts remain. And the next generation is thus of a higher level. Now, we’re all at a low point in history, but the long view is where you see it at. But that’s not about enchantments. In truth, I think it’s a shortage of compression theory. And I know I’m right. Compression theory leads to higher-level enchantments.”
“Why, Grand Magus?”
Everyone leaned forwards. The Dragon tapped at the side of his nose, enjoying the moment.
“Enchantment is a series of building blocks. One can create a monumental enchantment on something the size of a mountain. But the purity and scale required is too great. Because modern-day enchantments are not compressed, the difficulty is scaled up exponentially on all levels. Compress the amount of runework needed by a factor of even two, and the benefits. It’s about dimensions. Modern enchantments only seem to use two, or three at most for some reason…”
At that point Montressa had to ask.
“But Grand Magus. What other dimensions are there?”
The Dragon’s eyes twinkled. And he refused to talk. He felt quite happy with the attention and he believed that he was managing to just drop the most nebulous of hints.
He was, of course, wrong. The problem wasn’t that Teriarch was speaking in abstracts without dropping any concrete magical examples to his audience about how spellcraft had waned and could be discovered. Nor was it that he was avoiding any specifics.
The problem was that he was absolutely correct about the vague flaws he pointed out. And the students of magic, from nosing about aimlessly in the maze of spell theory, had just scented the cheese.
