Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 34
“Rabbiteater’s been captured on Terandria. I have to pay a three hundred gold ransom. I’m too busy for dates. Lyonette—we need to pay it now.”
Erin strode for the [Garden of Sanctuary]. There was a crash as Numbtongue fell out of his chair. Badarrow rose from his seat as Snapjaw cursed.
“What?”
“Miss Solstice—”
Altestiel rose. He made for Erin. Again, he was smart enough not to charge after her through the door. Rather—he put a hand out and touched the invisible barrier at the door as Lyonette, Mrsha, and the others raced through after Erin, shouting questions. The Earl called out.
“Erin. Allow me to send the fee from Desonis at once. Kiish—contact the Merchant’s Guild and have it sent posthaste. It will also allow us to confirm your friend is safe. You cannot simply trust every force at its word. But I can ensure there will be honesty if there were any doubt.”
His hand suddenly passed through air. The Earl stepped through the doorway as Erin turned.
“You’d do that, Altestiel?”
“Your friend must be a [Knight].”
The Earl remarked slowly. But he hadn’t missed that it was the two Goblins who’d gone after Erin fastest. The [Innkeeper] hesitated.
“He’s…”
“A Goblin. Wearing armor.”
A second of hesitation. The Earl ignored Numbtongue and Badarrow’s looks.
“It is not exactly a hard conclusion to come to. I have seen the disguise that Numbtongue employed.”
“He’s smart.”
Mrsha signed up to Lyonette. The [Princess] eyed Altestiel. He was. Worryingly so. And what was more—
“The confirmation should arrive in five minutes, Earl. Apologies—the Merchant’s Guild is on the job.”
Kiish smushed her face into the Garden’s door before speaking. She clutched at her nose and glared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] hesitated.
“Wait, you paid them?”
“I have a line of credit. Pray, would you tell me more about the situation? It is entirely possible they might be close to Desonis—or that we could at least communicate if they were to reach a major city.”
The Earl gestured towards a table. Erin hesitated. She looked at him again. Numbtongue touched her arm. He was nodding and looking at her pleadingly.
“Of course. Thank you, Altestiel.”
He smiled. And Erin realized he was still courting her. She couldn’t help but feel that if there was a way to make her like him—
It probably was through the Goblins.
 
—-
 
And like that, it was done. Rabbiteater blinked.
“Say again?”
“They…just paid the ransom. Guaranteed by Desonis. Wait, is that right?”
The [Lieutenant] was shocked. Not to mention discomforted. Not even the Order of Seasons had that fast a line through the Merchant’s Guild, but the money was good. He regretted lowering the price at once.
But there was no renegotiating. The ransom had been confirmed through Ailendamus’ diplomatic lines. Which meant it was now a matter of the kingdom’s integrity to make sure the Goblin Slayer was repatriated with armor and dignity intact.
Done, done, done. And no one had taken off his helmet. Talia Kallinad relaxed.
Rabbiteater was just miffed. He immediately put it down to an Erin Solstice thing. Which needed no explanation. He believed.
But he wasn’t happy. He wanted to pick up that quill. Talk to her.
He wanted to say sorry.
He wanted to know what to do next. As they led him back to the tent and he sat with the Order of Seasons, who treated him like a friend, one of them—the Goblin was miserable.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice sat across a Go board, playing with the Earl.
“So…he’s okay?”
“I have confirmation via Ailendamus. It would be a diplomatic incident if a [Knight] were to be disgraced. Regarding the helmet…”
