Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 24
Proper lounge music, that was. As in, the kind of thing that was actually fun to have in the background, not obnoxious elevator-type music that made you want to throw yourself through the glass elevator’s window.
“Mm.”
The Trolls’ lead warrior pointed through a huge archway that the music was coming from. The rumbling rhythm was actually shaking some pebbles outside. Poisonbite hesitated, but Kevin had to see. So he walked through and met the drummer at last.
There he sat. The ruler of the Trolls, the lord of the deeps. Leaning back in a seat of stone, holding two glittering mallets in his hands. A blanket around his shoulders, and some wraps of clothing for modesty around their chest and lower half.
He had a huge drum in front of him, shimmering with magic in Kevin’s eyes. He had also chosen a natural place within the deep caves to play in. Even as Kevin watched, the Troll did a rolling melody, hands delicately playing on the massive drum sitting in front of him.
It was clearly a magical drum. The kind of thing that might have been meant to sit vertically, rather than as it did now. Kevin could just imagine it. You struck it with the mallets, sounded an alarm, perhaps used the power in it.
It had been abandoned when this place was left, or perhaps someone had taken it long ago. However it happened, it had ended up here, in the perfect spot for it.
A vaulted chamber, with a circular ceiling reaching up thousands of feet. The Troll King played on the ground, and the sound could echo up and out through the entire underground cave network.
Now he played softly. On the magical drums, with the glittering mallets tapping with the ease of a self-taught professional. Kevin saw it was not the main drum alone; hide-drums accompanied the main one.
It was a drum set. And the Troll, so engrossed in his task, didn’t even bother to glance up at Kevin. He just rumbled on the drum, a growing crescendo.
For the guests. Kevin realized when he slowed down to gesture at the other Goblins. The crescendo stopped rising in pitch and volume. He glanced back, and saw one eye flick up.
Kevin hesitated, and took a few steps forwards. Playfully, the sound rose in volume and tempo—then subsided as he walked back.
Amazing. With that alone—Kevin felt the last tension leaving him. He grinned, and the Troll smiled as he played.
No, wait. Poisonbite took one look at the leader of the Trolls, the drummer of the deeps, and looked more interested. She peered at Kevin as he addressed the leader.
“Excuse me, sir.”
Tum-tum whap. The first discord as the Troll actually slowed. A frown. Poisonbite blinked at Kevin. Then slapped him on the butt, since she thought it was hilarious.
“Idiot.”
Kevin looked at Poisonbite. The Goblin rolled her eyes and pointed. He looked back and corrected himself.
“I’m so sorry. Ma’am?”
The Troll Queen grunted. She. She gave Kevin a look that said he’d made the first mistake in coming here. But she glanced with interest at Kevin.
“Human.”
She rumbled; her voice was as deep as the drums, and her command of the language was a bit guttural. But she eyed the smartphone the music had come from. Then her gaze shifted.
“Ogres.”
Somo glowered, intimidated by this great Troll who was bigger than she was. She thrust her chest out, but the Troll Queen ignored her. She narrowed her eyes as she came to the last group.
“Goblins.”
Dum dum dum. Her hands never stopped moving. But the music was more of a read than her expression or posture. It drummed softly, disapprovingly.
“Thank you for helping us, er, Drummer Queen.”
