Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 37
It started at the door. And continued in a clockwise pattern around the room, telling a story. It looked like a children’s story. No—Nsiia recognized it. It was a children’s story. The kind she had read in Illivere’s books.
A story every child knew, even Nsiia. It was the story of Golems. The story read thusly:
 
Once upon a time, there were Golems. Wondrous Golems of all shapes and sizes. Great Crafter-Artisans made Golems out of water and clay and magic. 
There were Golems of the air, which flew.
There were Golems made of shadows, which could travel a hundred miles in a moment.
There were shining Golems, so the cities were never dark.
There were Golems made of cloth and sinew in those days.
There were mighty war Golems, who fought Giants and Dragons and kept the people safe.
And there were Golems who could think.
 
The pictures changed. Nsiia saw, past each Golem, an archetypal ‘wise Crafter’ pointing and a Golem forging a sword. Another writing a book.
 
The old empire made thinking Golems and the most powerful Crafter-Magi made Golems who could lead other Golems.
Golems who could make other Golems.
They could cast spells.
They could build grand structures.
They could forge armor and weapons.
Some thought these Golems could think too much. But the Crafters did not listen. They made Golems smarter and smarter. Sentient-class Golems were common until one day…
A Crafter made a special Golem.
 
The head watched as Nsiia walked around the room to the last part. It had disturbed Nsiia when she had first read the story. In this room? Yinah stared at the Golem’s head and never looked away. Nsiia felt the carved eyes on her back. But she read on.
 
We remember the day the old empire ended. It went like this:
The Crafter made his finest creation and told it to serve him and create more of its kind. The First Free Golem looked at its master. And it asked one question.
“Why are you so petty, master? Why weren’t you grander?”
It listened for a while. Then, the Golems rebelled. They left such an age of slaughter that when the wars ended, they were destroyed until naught but fragments remained.
The Golems fought. And every hand turned against them.
We broke the Golem Cities.
We burned their books.
We shattered each one we found. 
And we promised never to let it happen again. Golems are meant to serve. 
They build our homes.
They till our fields.
They protect us when we are in danger.
They do many things.
But they must never rule us.
 
“I thought it was a disturbing children’s book when I read it. I didn’t know it came from Illivere.”
“They wrote it that they might never forget. To teach their young. But do you see the irony, Empress of Beasts?”
Nsiia turned to the Golem’s head. She looked at the walls.
“They didn’t destroy you.”
The Golem smiled.
“No. And the Crafters have always tried to create more like me. The Drake came here, you know. He read this story and stood where you stand. And he called them fools.”
Nsiia felt another chill. Yinah was digging her claws into Nsiia’s skin, but the woman ignored the pain.
“Archmage Zelkyr?”
The Golem could not nod. But it could smile and speak.
“I thought he would bring about the same era. But something happened. He died before he created more than three. Or perhaps he lives. It does not matter. These days shall come again. I am proof of that. They dug me up and I told them all the stories that they had repeated for millennia. And instead of breaking me—they put me here. And they come to me with each generation.”
