Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 8
She held out a hand, and smiled, a twinkle in her eye. The twinkle of little girls who broke laws and rebelled. She still had a bit. She wasn’t sure…but then Oesca glanced over her shoulder.
“Your Highness! [Protect the Innocent]! [Protect the Innocent]! Step away from that—your Highness!”
The [Carer] racing towards Ryoka was clearly trying to use a Skill and failing. Oesca stared at her, the adults, and then at Ryoka. She took Ryoka’s hand, and gasped as Ryoka put a hand under her shoulder.
“Hold tight. And no one else beg me for this later. It’s special. Get your parents’ permission.”
She winked at Ivenius. Then Ryoka gripped Oesca tightly with one arm, and lifted the bedsheet parachute with the other. The wind dragged them up as the [Carer] leapt. She had a good pounce. But even so, she missed and dove head-first into one of the [Prince]’s buddies as Ryoka and Oesca shot up into the air.
The [Princess]’ scream made her father and the people on the ground panic like hell. But it was only of surprise for the first, dizzying second of ascent. Then she screamed and laughed—in delight. Ryoka Griffin held on hard, wishing she’d practiced this. But the loop of cloth on her hand meant she wasn’t one grip away from dropping both of them. She kept tight hold of Oesca.
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, don’t drop her. Next time I need to make a harness or an easier way to hold onto them!
However, the Princess of Ailendamus knew none of this. She waved with both arms in an astonishing display of trust at the people below, the envious children, as she flew around the palace, and awed people looked up. Ryoka saw a snappily dressed man tilt his head so far back he nearly fell backwards. She nodded at Baron Regalius.
He wasn’t the only person who saw Ryoka that day. A better question was who didn’t see her. While children were first to know, it was hard to miss a flying Courier. The Wind Runner was in Ailendamus. And she was seen, skipping across the ground with the [Princess] of Ailendamus no less, racing across the gardens, as the wind blew strongly. Laughing with the delighted girl in tow.
…Right up until the Great Knight, Gilaw, caught up to her, and with an amazing flying drop-kick, literally kicked Ryoka Griffin out of the air before catching the [Princess] in her arms.
No one said you didn’t pay the price for troublemaking.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin actually missed a lot of the punishment and haranguing. Mostly because King Itorin II, the furious [Caretakers], Royal Captain, and all the others, even Rhisveri, took one look at her curled up on the ground as Oesca berated Gilaw, and felt bad for her.
It was an amazing flying kick. Ryoka had to hand it to Gilaw—or she would if she could move. The ‘Great Knight’, who Ryoka deeply suspected to be some kind of avian immortal, had gotten nearly fifteen feet of air.
And she’d still managed to not only catch Oesca, but hit Ryoka so hard that she broke two ribs and ruptured her stomach.
Punishment had been administered, so Ryoka actually left the [Healer]’s without any more flying done two hours later. Ribs were bound with a poultice-infused gauze, and they’d actually spot-applied potion to her stomach. Ryoka was just grateful she had no appendix anymore or Gilaw might have popped it.
“Miss Griffin, by order of the throne, you are to refrain from laying hands on the royal family without express permission and supervision. You will also confine your…mobility…to the royal grounds and not the palace itself.”
