Interlude – Krshia
Page 4
Another day, another crisis. Before Krshia went to her shop to set up, she had to know what had passed in the night. Yesterday had been tense. News of the attack on Liscor had spread like wildfire. At first the Watch had tried to contain the news, but too many [Guardsmen] had spoken of it and when the [Messaged] spells had begun flying across the continent…
Krshia left her apartment, leaving the door unlocked. She had no fear it would be burgled—she looked up to a neighboring apartment and nodded slightly. She saw a shape in the windows nod back. Her neighbor, an old Gnoll [Weaver] was watching her apartment, as were the other Gnolls in the area.
No [Thief] would get close to her apartment without being spotted and if they tried to break in, well, if the Watch didn’t get there in time they would be out of luck. Miss Zailky was old, but she could still point and shoot the crossbow she owned and her aim was better than Krshia’s.
Reassured her home and the magic book Ryoka had given her was safe, Krshia began her day by sniffing the air and trying to remember where she’d find her first informant. She had to know what had passed on the walls last night and she very much doubted Watch Captain Zevara would answer her if she strode in and demanded to know what had happened. The same with Olesm, Wall Lord Ilvriss or the new Wing Commander Embria. Krshia was an ordinary citizen to them, for all she was important among Liscor’s Gnolls. She wasn’t Erin.
But she did have access to information. Krshia headed towards the western gates, where she knew [Guardswomen] would be stationed. The gates were closed, obviously, to keep the water from flooding the city, but someone had to be stationed there regardless. Drakes loved their little rules. And as luck would have it, Krshia saw a furry head in a helmet. Perfect. If a Drake had been on duty she’d have to have gone to the other three gates, or find someone on patrol.
“Tkrn.”
The Gnoll on duty jumped guiltily. He’d been leaning on his spear and very obviously trying to take a nap. He whirled, ears flattening along his head and tail drooping, probably afraid a Senior Guardswoman or Zevara was about to chew him out. He saw it was Krshia and groaned.
“Oh, Aunt. I’m uh, on duty, so I cannot talk. If you want to chat, I’m sure I could talk later, after duty—”
“What happened last night, Tkrn? What were the horns about?”
Krshia did not beat about the bush. She folded her arms and stared at Tkrn. He was young and had grown up in Liscor. He whined unhappily as he shifted his grip on his spear.
“Aunt Krshia, Watch Captain Zevara threatened to suspend any [Guardsman] who talks, and she’s my superior—”
He yelped and flinched as Krshia grabbed one of his ears between her fingers.
“And I am your aunt, yes? Speak up! What happened, Tkrn? Tell me quickly, and with no exaggerations?”
The Gnoll winced and looked around, but eventually whispered quickly to Krshia.
“Someone stole the door in Erin’s inn in the middle of the night!”
“What?”
Krshia let go of Tkrn and recoiled in shock. Someone had taken the door? Tkrn went on hurriedly.
“It was recovered though! The Watch sent our pursuers and we thought they would be too late, even with Relc. But then we found the bodies. Humans, [Rogues] most like, were slaughtered on the road north. By Goblins. And the door was left behind! We have recovered it and put it in the inn again, but—Aunt, the thieves broke the connection to Pallass.”
“Explain.”
Tkrn glanced over Krshia’s shoulder and lowered his voice further so that only the Gnolls could hear.
