Interlude – Embria
Page 33
“And that’s how I killed my first Wyvern.”
Embria finished her tale and sipped from her cup. No blue fruit juice for her. Just a dark lager, which was in fact, light. Erin had gotten the barrels mixed up again. But it didn’t matter. Relc sat across from her, listening. And when Embria was done, he grinned and leaned over to nudge the girl sitting next to her.
“Hey Erin, hear that? My kid got her first Wyvern when she was eighteen. Not bad, Huh? You know, I was twenty eight when I killed mine. Not that we had to fight them that often. Obviously. But that’s something. Those bastards have sharp teeth and they dive fast.”
“Way too fast. You hear the shriek and it’s too late. Nightmarish.”
Embria agreed. Relc made a face.
“Damn High Command. Deploying us in Wyvern territory every two damn seconds.”
Embria nodded. This at least she could get behind. Relc grinned, caught by a sudden thought.
“But you know, we did figure out a way to deal with them. Poisoned dead cows. Or pigs. Didn’t old Scartail tell you to do that? He figured it out when I was in command.”
“I wish. We had a green Field Commander when I was deployed. Didn’t even get the horses under cover on the march.”
“Ancestor’s sack, what an idiot. But you got a Wyvern yourself. That’s something. Right, Erin? Embria’s almost as good as I am. And she’s a [Commander]. Right?”
Nudge, nudge. Erin nudged back out of irritation and lowered her mug.
“I get it Relc. She’s cool. Stop nudging me!”
“Sorry. Are we boring you?”
“Maybe? You’re been talking about this campaign or that mud pit you had to fight in for the last two hours. I’m not saying I’d rather listen to Pisces talk, but I might.”
Relc and Embria laughed. The Wing Commander spread her claws helplessly.
“Sorry, Miss Erin. I guess that’s what [Soldiers] do. Swap war stories. Even retired ones.”
“Well…okay. At least it’s acting hour in the inn. I get to watch people being booed off if I’m bored.”
Erin waved to the stage. The [Actors] were letting members of the crowd come up and try their hand at performing, usually with disastrous results in specific scenes. Then she brightened up.
“Hey! I should sell moldy produce to throw at them!”
“No you shouldn’t. We have to clean that up.”
Drassi passed by Erin with a refill for all three mugs. She winked at Embria, who waved at her. Relc harrumphed.
“Just you wait. I’m gonna have my turn and be excellent.”
“Sure, Dad. In the meantime, have you ever fought on the water? One of my fellow [Wing Commanders] said you never did, but two of my former superior officers claim you were with them on several naval campaigns.”
Relc looked indignant. He reached for a french fry and stuffed it into his mouth, chewing furiously.
“Have I fought on the…of course! I used to eat Drowned Sailors for breakfast. And that’s uh, not entirely a lie. There was this winter where—hold on. Is it my turn?”
He broke off, looked up, and shoot to his feet. The [Actors] on stage were beckoning to him. Relc raced forwards.
“My turn! Sorry, I’ll tell you later! Hey! I want to be Macbeth with the dagger!”
That left just Erin and Embria. Amused, the two young women watched as Relc clambered onto stage, already looking around for his costume. Erin cleared her throat as she looked at Embria.
“Sorry about earlier.”
“No. I should apologize. I bit your tail off over nothing.”
Embria waved a claw. Erin shook her head.
“It was my fault. I was a jerk. It was my Pisces moment. Everyone wants their dad to be a hero. Right?”
The Wing Commander hesitated, then she nodded. Ruefully, she looked at the stage.
