Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 41
“It is a cat. I know how cats move. It took me over a month to figure out how to carve it correctly, but—”
The cat wasn’t even that agile to Nsiia. The Crafters had installed a Golem Heart and it was moving, walking, going through all the routines she had laboriously programmed. But it wasn’t as flexible as…Yinah.
The other cat was staring at the Golem Cat, almost offended that no one was stroking its head. It said something that the Crafters were agog over a cat that was almost identical to Yinah.
“But the skill—even our expert Shapers couldn’t do this! Your understanding of anatomy is—”
“Superior to our Crafters. Only naturally. Nsiia was a ruler of Tiqr. She would naturally create a Golem in the image of an animal first. Correct, Nsiia?”
Femithain was looking at the cat, and Nsiia. She flushed.
“I apologize, Femithain. But I had to know.”
He nodded.
“It seems I must ward my workshop.”
“Or give her one!”
Crafter Se interrupted the two. She was holding the cat, which was curled up in her arms. Her eyes were shining.
“We must make more! I [Messaged] colleagues in other states and they all want to create one.”
The Magus-Crafter pinched the bridge of his nose. Nsiia felt for him. He was the only one who saw what she’d been trying to do.
“Crafter Se, Nsiia is a political prisoner. This is a clear issue. She cannot make Golems. The implications to the other nations would be—”
“Damn the other nations. I want a Cat Golem! I didn’t think I needed one, but now I do!”
The others were clustered around the cat, letting it go through the nuzzling routine, debating what else they could add to it. Nsiia heard ‘fur coating’, ‘sleep routine’, ‘fetch routine’, all being tossed around.
Yinah yowled as she swiped at the Cat Golem’s head. The other creature didn’t react, but the Crafters were amused as the two faced each other. Yinah knew the Cat Golem was fake, but she kept sniffing it and making sounds, waiting for it to react.
The bone Golem didn’t move. It was not…alive. Nsiia looked at it. And after her time in Elbe, her creation, her hard work disgusted her.
What had she expected? This—was just a toy. It was not a cat. It had nothing of an animal in it. Animals were thinking creatures. This was—a perfect imitation of a cat. That the Crafters loved it and wanted it more than an actual cat sickened Nsiia.
“I made it because I thought it would…be useful for me. I am sorry for lying to you, Femithain. But would you have done otherwise?”
The man looked at Nsiia and shook his head wryly.
“Not at all. This is my fault. And I will take responsibility. It is a wondrous Golem, Nsiia. Your craft is incredible as a Shaper. The Inscribing was also well done…”
“Femithain, we have to resume those prototypes of other animals! Imagine a Dog Golem! We might be even able to make more Horse Golems with her knowledge!”
Se was pleading with the Magus-Crafter. And he was tempted. But he had to know word of this would reach Savere and Nerrhavia.
A cry came from below. Yinah was disturbed by the Golem Cat. She knew it was bone. She begged to be picked up and Nsiia obliged. The Cat Golem was walking back and forth, followed by a crowd of cooing Crafters. She looked at it—and knew, suddenly, what to do.
“I’ve placed you in a difficult position, Femithain.”
“As you will, Empress. You know that it is a matter of…perspective. Depending on how the King of Destruction’s campaign goes.”
