Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 2
He named the gifts the last three villages had given them after the Silver Swords had killed monsters, removed a landslide, and recovered a lost and prized magic cow carried off by a pair of Ogres, not in that order. The Silver Swords operated like that. They were as antithetical to Todi’s Elites and even Griffon Hunt as possible.
And there came the overnight coach. Dawil spotted it as Ylawes scrubbed at his armor with a bit of soap, cursing the sticky blood.
“How much further is it to Reizmelt?”
“Eh. Should be a day’s ride. Told you we should have taken a coach. Say—hey! Hey, hold up there! We want a ride!”
Randal slowed the carriage, warily. Adventurers weren’t a preferred passenger. They tended to cause trouble. Even so, after a moment of shouting he slowed.
 
—-
 
“Yes, we can pay! Gold!”
Ryoka awoke from a daydream involving disease and Vampires. She realized the coach had slowed. The speaking-slot opened.
“Sorry, Miss Ryoka. We’ve got company. Adventurers. They want a lift. Lost their damn horses, but they seem decent. I know the team. They’re a sight. Take a look.”
The door cracked open. Ryoka blinked at the trio of Gold-ranks. Ylawes raised a hand.
“Ah! Excuse me! We’re getting on the coach. Are you the only rider?”
“That’s right.”
Ryoka peered surruptitiously at the very knightly-looking [Knight]. He was blonde, tall, he looked like a fairy-tale hero. There was a Dwarf, a half-Elf…she had the instant urge to hum a certain theme song. She was tempted to look around for an army of Orcs.
“I’m deeply sorry, Miss. Rest assured, we’ll clean ourselves before entering. We ran into some…unpleasant monsters just before reaching the road.”
“It’s fine by me. You’re adventurers, right?”
The [Knight] blinked and then smiled as the half-Elf waved her staff and a huge orb of water splashed down on the Dwarf’s head. He kicked her.
“Excuse me; we’ve been impolite. My name is Ylawes of House Byres. This is Falene Skystrall, and Dawil Ironbreaker. We’re Gold-rank adventurers, the Silver Swords.”
Ryoka nodded to them and sat back, waiting as the Silver Swords washed themselves as clean as possible. She wished she had her iPhone.
Outside, Ylawes sighed as Falene blew wind around them, drying them off.
“Not far to Reizmelt, now. And our objective.”
“Mhm. We’ll let Erin know when we arrive. Say, lad…”
Dawil tapped Ylawes’ arm. The Human man looked down at him.
“Don’t call me lad. What?”
“Just a thought. I’m all for helping Erin out. Not like we have plans. But er—it occurs to me just now that we only have a name to go on. Have you met this girl we’re supposed to find? What does this ‘Ryoka Griffin’ look like, anyways?”
The half-Elf and Human exchanged a glance. Falene put a finger to her temple.
“…I’ll ask for a description from Ceria. She’s finally mastered [Message].”
“Good idea.”
“I’m sure Pointy-Ears would have come up with it, eventually. She just didn’t want to say to embarrass us. Obviously.”
The Dwarf’s smug look earned him a deep glare as he clambered into the coach. He waved at Ryoka, who nodded back; he was the first Dwarf she’d seen up close. The other two piled in and the coach moved on in short order.
They were an interesting bunch. The first thing the Dwarf did was hold out a hand.
“Sorry about the smell. Exploding mushrooms. Appreciate you letting us in.”
“Not at all. Adventurers keep everyone safe. Especially someone like me. Good to meet you all.”
They nodded in a friendly manner at her. The [Knight] glanced at Ryoka; the half-Elf was doing something magical to judge by the way her eyes were flickering.
