Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 24
Erin stalked in a circle around Shassa. The Drake stared at her as Erin peered at her from different angles. She looked at Mrsha—the Gnoll shrugged. Erin was crazy. Sometimes.
“We could no more harm someone in the garden than anyone else. Should we break such sacred laws, we would lose our very class.”
The Drake [Druid] explained. Erin rubbed at her chin. At this point, a horrified [Lady] staring at #4, spoke up.
“Erin. I really think you should—”
“#7, don’t push me. Ow!”
Maviola smacked the back of Erin’s head. Hedault glanced at Maviola as Erin punched at her. The [Princess] decided to hurry this along. Lyonette faced Nalthaliarstrelous and Shassa.
“The fact remains that you two still entered the garden illegally. Why? Don’t you have any respect for boundaries? Even [Druids] should!”
She looked down her nose at them, with proper disdain for troublemakers. The ‘homeless vagrants’ stared at Lyonette. Nalthaliarstrelous just sneered.
“What, respect? For what, exactly? Laws of the land? Of course not. You put a flag here and say ‘this is mine’. Why would anyone acknowledge that, any more than a piece of metal on your head? We respected the one law that mattered: do no harm. Come in peace. No other one was made apparent.”
“But it was private property!”
Lyonette’s eyes flashed. Shassa and Nalthaliarstrelous looked at each other. Both raised a hand.
“How were we supposed to know? We thought it was part of the inn.”
That was a good point. Erin exchanged a quick glance with Lyonette. The [Innkeeper] faltered.
“Well—well, it obviously wasn’t accessible to just anyone!”
Nalthaliarstrelous snorted in contempt.
“No one indicated that to me. Why wasn’t there a sign? I would have obeyed it.”
The question did so much damage to Erin’s psyche that she had to walk away for a second just to deal. She came back with an actual sign, and showed it to the line of suspects. Problems 1-7 read the sign. Problem #8 (Ferris was still not included), walked through the door, muttering to himself. He stopped as Erin shoved the sign in the other’s faces.
“See this? See this? ‘No Killing Goblins!’ I’ve got signs! No one reads them! Who here read this, huh? Huh?”
Every person in line raised their hands, slowly. Mrsha, Shassa, Nalthaliarstrelous, Hedault, Montressa, Beza, and Maviola. From his point in the audience, Teriarch tapped Ishkr on the shoulder.
“Popcorn. With yeast.”
The [Innkeeper] stared. Nalthaliarstrelous folded his arms.
“I read signs. Who would not?”
The guests of the inn looked at each other uncomfortably. Erin turned to the [Druid]. He looked like the least law-abiding person in the inn. She had heard about the beating of the young man.
“You. You read signs?”
“I make signs.”
“No way. Get out!”
The [Druid] glowered.
“I write many signs for Invrisil. Warnings, just like that one. There’s one outside this very inn. I was putting more up when I saw that man mistreating that poor horse.”
Everyone looked at him. Nalthaliarstrelous pointed. Erin, Lyonette, and Mrsha all poked their heads out of The Player’s Retreat. And indeed, in neat lettering, one of the [Druid]’s signs was clearly visible, on a billboard with pieces of news and other public-service announcements with large type font. The sign read as follows:
 
‘If you kick your dog, you will never walk again.’
 
Back in the inn, Erin decided she needed to tackle #3 on this point. She pointed at him. Again, the [Druid] swatted her finger down.
“Why’d you beat that guy up? They had to take him to a [Healer]’s! There was blood!”
“So?”
