Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 22
“Right. Well, you can do a bit even without meeting the Singer. For instance, I know…a bit about her music. Did you know that the microphone amplifies her voice? Gives it a bit of an echo, maybe. You can enchant it.”
She nodded to the wooden mic he was holding. Menorkel nearly dropped it.
“Really? Is that what it does?”
“Absolutely.”
“Can you tell me more? I’ve never met anyone like—if Fithea wants to talk to you, you have to go. Where did you come from? I heard Rhisveri finally caught a Thief, but no one mentioned a guest. I didn’t think he liked anyone. You’re Human, aren’t you? You smell Human. I thought he’d only like another Wyrm or Dragon or…”
Ryoka coughed.
“Uh, funny story. The thing is—”
The door flew open. A furious Gilaw spotted Ryoka. The Wind Runner whirled, and the wind blew. Too weakly to stop Gilaw from grabbing her and strangling her with an arm like steel.
“Gilaw! Stop! Stop, she’s Fithea’s guest!”
Menorkel stared in horror as Gilaw dropped Ryoka with incredible force. The Wind Runner was kicking, but she was so outclassed in terms of strength she knew she was either going to be choked out or die. Gilaw was making furious sounds, and she was squeezing so tight Ryoka was afr—
“Gilaw!”
A pair of hands plucked the angry Great Knight off Ryoka. She breathed, coughing, gasping, and turned. She saw a pair of kicking legs, heard a furious squawking voice—and saw Menorkel effortlessly holding Gilaw under the shoulders in the way people did to stop a fight across worlds. He was holding Gilaw, armor and all, off the ground. The Great Knight was trying to break free.
And she couldn’t. Menorkel’s other two hands were gesticulating frantically as he spoke.
“Gilaw, shut up! Don’t attack! She’s Fithea’s guest! Fithea’s guest, understand?”
The angry woman couldn’t break free. She calmed down as she was forced to listen, and stared at Ryoka. The young woman looked at Menorkel in awe. Right up until the armored boot stomped her flat again.
“Thou perfidious fiend. I have thee at mine mercy. How dare you desecrate this place of respite?”
An echoing voice snapped. Ryoka looked up just in time to see an armored figure apply more pressure to her back. She groaned as a second figure, armed with a mace and shield no less, and a full set of ancient, ceremonial-looking armor put her full, and considerable, weight on Ryoka’s back.
“Lady Paterghost! Nube, stop her! Lady Paterghost, she’s a guest!”
“Stay your hand, Menorkel! I was not informed of a visitor. This intruder dareth lay her hands on—unhand me at once, child! This is a disgrace to my armor! Nube, stop him—”
The pressure on Ryoka vanished. Ryoka rolled over, heartily sick of being kicked around by immortals. Yet it seemed she’d backed the right Titan. Because as she scrambled up, she saw something amazing.
He still had Gilaw in the restraining hold, and she was dangling there, looking miserable. But with his other hand, he’d literally picked ‘Lady Paterghost’ up from the floor, and she was flailing at him with one gauntleted hand. Then Ryoka saw something ooze from her visored face. Some pinkish, fleshy mass which slapped Menorkel’s arm.
“Nube! Stop that! Lady Paterghost, please!”
Menorkel had a final hand free and he stopped the flailing assault as one of the armored arms extended, revealing more of the inner pink mass to try and pry his fingers free.
Armor? What was that inside it? Ryoka’s eyes fixed on the armored figure—no, the two beings as Lady Paterghost’s head rotated clean around on the shoulders to glower at her.
