Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 37
Altestiel was looking at her. Erin realized what she’d said and blushed. But the Earl just shook his head. A bit mystified.
“It—does make sense, Miss Erin. However, I don’t believe what you’re describing is love at all. Perhaps—inspiration. Someone you could follow. A…[King]. Or [Queen]. But I could never love a vision like that. It is a dream, a beautiful one, but without…”
He gestured. The [Innkeeper] ducked her head.
“Yes. I suppose I don’t know what love is, do I?”
“Have you felt it?”
“I don’t know. What—what is it supposed to be?”
The Earl sighed. And he seemed smaller then. If there was a final blow—it was that. He raised his head, looking at the board that was suddenly out of his control. He met the [Innkeeper]’s eyes.
“To me, Erin Solstice? Love is wanting to hold someone. To know how they think. Love—is listening to them breathe. It is wanting to know them. Lust is part of it too, I suppose. Burning infatuation, as much as long held respect and admiration. I have not loved well, so I confess I am a poor one to answer it. How it starts—is a desire to talk to someone.”
He looked at her. Erin became a tomato to Mrsha and ducked her head.
Oh. So that was how it was. Garry snapped his fingers in understanding. The Earl went on.
“Love to me…love is wanting to split who you are and combine it with them and be better for it. That is what it seems to me in older couples. When it sparks, it is childish, romantic. Heated. An obsession of wanting to know, even if that will not turn out for the best. Does that make…sense to you?”
He looked at her. Erin smiled briefly. That was good enough.
“Yeah, Altestiel. But then, I don’t think I love you, then. And I don’t feel that spark.”
The [Knight Marshal] nodded silently. Erin was glad he didn’t look…exploded…by the admission. He and she hadn’t known each other too long. He just looked greatly disappointed. She went on.
“I’m willing to try. As friends. But I’m afraid you might never find what you’re looking for. If that’s okay…I’m fine with it. But I don’t want to hurt you by what I am.”
Palt nodded with a sigh. Imani passed the cigar up to him and he took a puff. Olesm hesitated, and Numbtongue nodded.
“I should be delighted to be your friend, Miss Erin.”
The Earl smiled. But then he sighed again.
“…I see. I don’t have enough time. I did not have enough time.”
“Probably.”
The [Innkeeper] smiled, regretting it just as much as he. Altestiel lowered his chin—then slapped his knee.
“Damn. I should have come here straight away! I shouldn’t have waited. Why did damned Ailendamus have to make war? My [Queen]—I should just extend my visitation another month.”
“Um…I don’t know if that’s right.”
Altestiel folded his arms, ignoring his suddenly-worried company.
“I don’t answer solely to the crown. If she hadn’t forced my hand—one month of actual conversation? I could play chess! Level! It’s ridiculous.”
“I’m sorry, Altestiel.”
“It’s not your fault. This entire event—damn Desonis’ marshy palace. I’ll go tour Chandrar.”
He snapped.
“Earl—”
“Your Lordship—”
“I’ve had it with the crown’s damned orders! You can tell her Majesty that just because she’s been divorced twice, she needn’t interfere with my delights! Get me a [Message] scroll!”
Erin’s jaw opened slightly. The Earl glowered about. She’d thought he’d handled the conversation really well. But was—
Was he sulking? Erin could almost see the raincloud over his head! Wait a moment—
A bit of water hit her on the head. Altestiel sat there, muttering.
“Just one month—I’ve never met anyone as talented as you, Miss Solstice.”
“But just in chess—”
