Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 43
“How many ships are out here?”
 
—-
 
Captain Lasc saw the ghost-[Captain] retreating as Merrik’s glowing hammer rent the magical form that made him up. Lasc struck home with his shortsword. He thought he saw the other [Captain] smile at him for a second before he vanished, his form turning into mist.
He had worn a [Storm Captain]’s clothes. Lasc hoped he had found rest. He would never let his body and soul be stolen so. He whirled, nodding at Merrik.
“My thanks, Mister Merrik.”
“Pleased. I just wish that killed the other undead.”
The Dwarf turned, grunting. A Garuda flashed past them. She kicked off a zombie’s head and watched as the head slowly floated back to place. Peki frowned, and spun and kicked a skeleton to pieces. But it too began to reassemble.
“Damn [Necromancers]! They’re reanimating the dead!”
“Even me! I don’t think they know I’m in here!”
A hulking Draug had torn off Yerranola’s arm. But it was floating back to her body. She dodged around the Draug and sat it aflame with multiple chops of her hatchet. She watched her arm reattach.
“Neat. Thanks.”
That was the only good news in the tide of undead assaulting the ship. The [Sailors] were fighting in formation, pressing the undead back. But the undead kept coming. And every [Sailor] that fell instantly rose on the other side.
“We must break out! Raise the sails!”
Venaz was shouting, ignoring the order of silence. Lasc pointed; the sails were already dropping.
“[Ship Spell: Bound Wind]!”
For a moment, a wind blew and The Emerald Signet began to shift. But the other boats had it boxed in. And—the wind abruptly halted.
“They have weather spells! We can’t escape!”
Feshi pointed out the obvious as she fired an arrow. One of the ships burst into flame as her arrow tip exploded. But even the fire died down.
[Mages]. Lasc felt a moment of despair. His forces were holding well. But this was a battle of attrition. And he couldn’t find the [Necromancers]. He aimed at one ship. He had one [Depth Explosion] spell to use. They’d fight. And then—the [Necromancers] might run out of mana and mana potions first. If not…
“Captain! Something’s coming out of the fog!”
Inky bellowed from where she was fighting with Venaz and a group of [Storm Sailors]. The [Captain] turned his head. Another undead ship?
No. The last ship came through the waters, surprising Lasc. The [Necromancers]. Even the Drowned Folk. Fast, fast, cutting through the fog. And in more ways than one.
Light. It burned through the fog. A bright, brilliant yellow light. Like some gigantic lantern. It filtered down through the sea. Captain Therrium shaded his eyes.
“Are they mad? The light’s visible in the darkness! They’ll wake the Krakens! Who’s casting that spell?”
He roared. The [First Mate] pointed up. Her skin had gone pale.
“Not a spell, [Depth Captain]! Look! Look at the hull!”
The Drowned Man looked up and saw. A shining hull. The material that made it wasn’t normal wood. It was glossy. Semi-transparent. And it glowed.
The light burned away the fog where it touched. A magical light. For a magical ship. It shone through the darkness and night. Moving faster, faster.
Captain Lasc turned as he cut down a ghoul. He saw it coming closer. And—it couldn’t be.
But only one ship was filled with fools crazy enough to bring light to the Kraken’s Pass. And in the distance, he saw a name, written by magic on the side of the hull as it turned.
Illuminary.
The [Storm Captain]’s eyes widened.
“It’s them. Why are they here?”
“Who?”
