Interlude – Talia
Page 5
His voice was disapproving, indicating his thoughts on the matter. Talia’s chin rose. The Order of Seasons were all comrades in arms, but that didn’t meant they always got along, and she’d argued this with her companions many times before.
“Why not? What stops a Selphid from showing as much valor as any Human, Ser Lorell? Besides, it has happened thrice in our order’s history. Once it ended in disgrace. Once in valor. And once, the Selphid, who was Ser Chalica, or Dame Chalica, the records do not indicate which, died in glorious battle holding the Order of Season’s very gates when our enemies brought a vast army against us. Chalica of Spring, they were. And they held the gates until the bodies of their enemies piled up like logs before the axe.”
“One incidence of treachery out of three is hardly reassuring. One in ten thousand of our Order ever compromises their honor.”
Ser Lorell pointed out patiently. Talia tossed her head.
“A faulty argument, Ser Lorell. If we had more Selphids, I truly doubt one in three would be false. Why not let them apply?”
The man shrugged, annoyed by the strident tone in Talia’s voice.  He turned, addressing the younger [Knights].
“Even so, the Order of Seasons takes in limited numbers each year. Do we then petition recruiters to travel to Izril, or Baleros or other locations? We already receive enough applicants from Terandria—almost too many! Let us not crowd our ranks with any not deserving of the honor. Such incidents can be the end of a [Knight] order. Remember the lesson of the Crowlende Order.”
Talia folded her arms, but didn’t say anything more. By her side, Dame Chise leaned over and continued the conversation quietly.
“Your fascination stems from the company your brother keeps, does it not, Lady Talia?”
“Perhaps! What of it? I’m proud of Wil. He’s proven there’s more to be gained from other species than not! You know he won a question from the Titan of Baleros?”
“I have heard you speak of it a few dozen times, Lady Talia.”
The other [Knights] looked amused. Talia was either Dame Talia for her rank, or Lady Talia for her heritage. Talia smiled, embarrassed.
“Even so. I have not heard what Wil’s question will be, but he has promised to make it one that favors the Kallinad household?”
“Not the Order of Seasons? We committed over a hundred [Knights] to Daquin! That was not without cost!”
Someone sounded scandalized. Talia shook her head.
“All the costs were paid by House Kallinad, Ser Welte. And Kallinad is a generous supporter of the Order of Seasons. Moreover, we displayed our prowess in battle the world over, did we not? There are recordings of our own facing off against the Iron Vanguard! It was a victory!”
“A victory, aye. But sometimes I worry that our Order commits too broadly. We send lances of [Knights] out, but there was a time when we marched in legions!”
A grizzled veteran [Summer Knight] spoke sourly. Dame Chise shook her head, pursing her lips.
“And kept our own armies. That bears too closely to the foundation of a nation. Our Order has not made war on a nation ourselves in over twelve decades. We fight alongside nations of course, but challenging a kingdom for injustices is entirely different. I pray that function of our Order is never called upon. But recently…”
She trailed off. Ser Eldein spoke up, his cheeks flushed.
“Ailendamus is pursuing war. If they continue their wars of aggression, we may be well forced to choose a side. And I would argue this among any of our peers—it is not in our interest to support a nation seeking to enlarge itself even further!”
