Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 25
“Tell them—tell them this. Ryoka is in Reizmelt. That’s some place north of Invrisil a good ways. Tell them she’s there. Tell them to find her.”
“And then?”
Erin Solstice paused. She looked up at the fading light in the sky.
“When they find her, tell her to come back home.”
She left it at that. Montressa concentrated. A reply came back almost instantly.
“The Silver Swords acknowledge. They said they’ll stop by on their way north.”
Then she paused. Her expression grew blank. But Erin watched the emotions flickering in her eyes. Montressa’s mouth moved, and she sent more than Erin’s message, the young woman was sure. But all she did was produce a bit of parchment and write on it. When she was done, she bowed slightly, and walked away without a word.
Erin read the reply. It was neat, but she instantly recognized Ceria’s tone.
 
Sorry we’re delayed, Erin. Had some incidents with Ksmvr. Also, took a contract along the way fighting wildmagic Stone Golems. Like Snow Golems, only stone. Will absolutely find her. Nearly at Invrisil. See you then,
–Ceria
 
Erin stood in the fading light. She smiled, and tucked the note away.
“Good.”
 
—-
 
It wasn’t over. That night, the inn was full. And Erin Solstice waited until people were drinking, and the Players of Celum had put on one performance. And then she strode into the center of the room.
“Excuse me everyone! Can I have your attention? Can I have your attention?”
At first they didn’t hear her. So Erin shouted louder. She saw Zevara wincing, glaring with some of the [Guards] who’d dragged her here for a night out. Or perhaps it was her instinct too. Erin waved her arms.
And then they were looking at her. From Saliss and Octavia to Zevara, Olesm, Relc, Mrsha—so many faces. Montressa was drinking with Palt and Beza in one corner. Erin turned.
“Tonight’s a special night.”
“Why’s that?”
Relc shouted from his seat with Mrsha. Erin looked at him and smiled.
“Because I said so.”
There was a murmur of laughter. Erin waved for silence. She put her hands behind her back. And her chest burned.
Her head was light. The young woman walked in front of one of the fireplaces. And her voice was loud.
“I saw someone today. A Minotaur. Not Beza, sorry. The Minotaur. Calruz.”
The room went silent as if Erin had doused it. But she spoke into the silence.
“I don’t know what you think of him. I know what he did. I saw it. But I also saw what he did before that. Calruz and the Horns of Hammerad were the first adventurers ever to visit my inn, did you know? Before it was destroyed. The first time.”
There was a laugh, and then silence. Erin went on. Her voice was trembling, but it stopped as she went on.
“The Horns of Hammerad. They went into the Crypt and…well, you know the rest. But they reformed. They beat Albez, and found treasure! Including the magic door!”
“Hurray for that!”
Saliss shouted. Erin smiled. He was watching her. Knowingly. Perhaps he knew what she had in the cupped hands behind her back.
“And then the Horns came back here. They fought the moths. They fought the Raskghar. They brought down a monster. Calruz. He was in prison. And when I saw him the second time, he was mad. Insane. But then I saw him in prison. And I wasn’t sure if he was mad, or if something had happened down there. Maybe it was him. Maybe it was something else. I don’t know. But when the Crelers attacked the inn, the Horns of Hammerad killed the Adult Creler. They brought it down. And brave people died.”
