Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 27
Explanations ensued. Hedault did not look pleased, upon learning that Erin had not set up an appointment and had indeed forgotten all about the meeting. If anything kept him from storming out, it was familiarity with the Horns of Hammerad, and the fact that he’d vaguely approved of Erin’s numeric system of dealing with issues.
Even so, he retired as Erin waved her arms in a panic and turned to Maviola, who had also forgotten.
“Ridiculous. My debt only goes so far. First that obnoxious [Necromancer]—now this.”
Only the Antinium had been pleasant to work with. And wasn’t that an insane statement? But Ksmvr had been very straightforward, direct, and orderly. The half-Elf? Fiancé?
Hedault was about to just leave and blacklist the entire inn when someone walked over to him.
“Hedault, right? I was meaning to talk to you.”
“I do not make unscheduled appointments.”
The [Enchanter] snapped, irritably. He turned—and saw a Dwarf sipping from his chilled ale. Pelt burped.
“I don’t care. Pelt. I was going to speak to you. Pallass. We talked now and then. You did that enchantment on a few blades of mine two years back.”
Hedault’s eyes focused on Pelt’s face. He opened his mouth. After a few seconds of thinking, he chose the most economical response.
“—How?”
“The magic door. Didn’t you hear? Connects Pallass to Liscor to Invrisil.”
“I did hear. I didn’t credit it, though.”
Hedault had inspected the magic door before the crowd had swept him into the inn. Now, he was compelled to stride down the hallway. Grumbling, Pelt followed. And a few others.
“Remarkable. This is indeed the work of Warmage Thresk. Of Albez. And someone’s performed a very crude alteration to his enchantment trap. Any regular mage would be hard-pressed to notice the teleportation trap!”
The [Enchanter], now that he had the leisure to look at the magic door, was agog. Pelt peered at the door.
“Good wood. Deceptive iron bands, see? It’s actually pure metal.”
“To hold the enchantment. It would not last this long otherwise.”
The Dwarf grunted.
“I don’t see how that’s possible. Not that I’m an enchantment expert, but who enchants damn wood doors?”
Hedault tapped at his wrist, somewhat annoyed by the question. He replied snappily, ignoring the argument coming from the inn. Lyonette was trying to remove Mrsha and the two [Druids] were arguing again.
“This wood is exceedingly precise in the ah, cutting. Not only is this door all cut from the same tree’s wood, but to maintain the perfection of the enchantment, the grain is uniform. One has to imagine even finding the correct tree took countless fellings. All to create this innocuous door.”
“But why a door? And who is this ‘Warmage Thresk’? I do not know of him.”
A slightly supercilious voice. Hedault did not look about; he was eying the enchantment and the splicing of the elegant spell into this…aberration.
“Warmage Thresk of Albez is a [Mage] I have studied from various artifacts unearthed. His personal, and quite secret quarters were recently looted by adventurers, but his creations have long been uncovered from the ruins. As to the reason the door appears so plain—I gather this was a trap. The final trap of his apartments was, apparently, to lure unwary robbers into touching the door whereupon it teleported the intruders into a room filled with [Insanity] spells from every side. I would imagine the effect reached Tier 6 with so many overlapping spells.”
A murmur. A huge figure folded his arms.
“Not a bad trap. Too paranoid by half, though.”
