Interlude – Relationships
Page 9
And she was looking straight at him. Then his heart stopped. Hazel eyes gazed down at him, guilty and shocked. They were silent for minutes, and the only sound was his heart, the creaking of the inn, and an answer he didn’t want to hear. Then—Erin whispered.
“If…”
He almost stood up. Almost, but caught himself as he swung his legs up. Then he forced himself to stand, sit back down, and listen. Numbtongue listened as Erin looked him in his eyes.
“If I could try, you would be too close. I—I would be too afraid because you’re living here and—and I might like you too much. I already do, but that’s not the same, Numbtongue. It changes too much, and I think we’d never go back again.”
“Yeah. I thought so too.”
For a second, they understood each other, and Erin ducked her head. Numbtongue kept speaking.
“But maybe it would work? What about that?”
He waited, heart pounding, and Erin’s head lowered again.
“If I tried, maybe it would work out. But I just don’t try. I’m sorry. I’m afraid. I’m afraid, but—even if I want to, I can’t. I would rather mess up anything else than this. I’ve already lost three of your brothers. I never met Bugear. I’m afraid, Numbtongue—that I could be so terrible that I’d lose you as well.”
Lose me? Each word hurt him so badly he felt like punching something to get it out, but he kept seeing how Erin was hunched over. Barely able to speak for guilt and uncertainty.
Here, in this moment, she was no hill of personality and will. Here—she was as afraid of a Hobgoblin waking up in a foreign inn and wondering if this were all a trap, a dream, or a delusion.
“You’d never lose me. No matter what happened.”
“You don’t know that. Nothing I’ve ever tried has ever worked out in a relationship. I’m sorry, Numbtongue. But I can’t bring myself to—try. I like you, but I don’t know if we could have a future together. And once we go. We can’t go back. Sorry.”
It was the most complete answer she’d ever given. The Goblin listened, and he saw how painfully honest that was—and the words still unspoken. If it were him saying those words, in her place…for her, he would have tried. But that was the difference between the two. Numbtongue turned his head away. He exhaled and felt tired suddenly. But he made his voice as gentle as possible.
“Why are you sorry? That’s why. See? Thanks for saying.”
He got up, hurrying, but Erin called out.
“Numbtongue. Can I ask you one question?”
His shoulders hunched. With every passing second, he longed to quit this battle that he knew was lost and go. And go and bleed out somewhere else. But he turned and nodded.
“What?”
Erin looked guiltiest of all now. But a desperate, painful light filled her eyes.
“When you—when you knew you liked Garia and Octavia—I know—when you knew, Numbtongue, what was it like? How were you sure you wanted to ask them?”
Ask them? It was the strangest question in Numbtongue’s life. Not the asking—the question behind it. He flashed back to propping up a sleepy [Alchemist] and making her eat breakfast. Or dinner or just food. Grumbling while braiding her hair or clumsily re-stitching a part of her thread.
Similarly, training with Garia. Burning with adrenaline, standing shoulder-to-shoulder to show her something or peer at her form. And that was before going south and risking their lives against armies.
How was he sure he liked them? Oh, every force in the world pushing him from behind. Wishing night were longer or that customers didn’t have to buy potions. Ask them?
