Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 11
He flapped energetically. Erin stared at him. He was naked. Yup. And he was here. Yup. And very intoxicated if the fact that he couldn’t even stay upright was any clue. And she did not have time for this.
She wondered if this was how Zevara felt about her. Erin resolved to bake her a cookie tray. Once she got more chocolate. Or oatmeal.
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights was higher than…something really high. Also, drunk. He had finished the bottle of Firebreath Whiskey—or put enough of it away that he didn’t remember where the rest was.
If he had any objections, it was that he was still conscious. But this worked and it was extremely hard to give Saliss enough of anything to knock him out. Moreover…he had a thing about being put to sleep from adventuring.
So this worked. Erin Solstice was here! Saliss tried to get her to do something amazing for him. But she was busy and left after telling him to stop giving people cigars.
“Spoilsport. You and me, Bird. We know how to have fun, right?”
Saliss threw an arm around Bird. The Worker pushed his arm off.
“Please get off my tower. This is the sixth time I have asked. You are disrupting my hunting.”
Saliss giggled to himself.
“Buddy! Don’t be like that! You and me—I like you, you see? You annoyed all of Pallass. All of it. I’ve only done that like…”
He tried to count and gave up. Bird sighted down his bow, looking around for Ryoka. He saw a blue figure and called out.
“Ah, that is X—”
Saliss grabbed Bird urgently.
“Listen. I’m annoying, I know.”
“Please let go of me. I must tell Miss Erin—let go. Now.”
The Worker struggled as Saliss held onto his shoulders. Bird tried to hurry downstairs as Saliss clung to his legs.
“I’m sorry for being annoying! It’s my default! I do it because being serious is…stupid! Look, I really wanted to talk! What’s it like being Antinium? Is it—are you really people? Because if you are, that’s a problem. For me. Not for you. For me.”
He was speaking to the ceiling. At some point Bird had shaken him free. A white Gnoll stared solemnly down at Saliss. He hiccupped.
“Hi, Mrsha. Is that Goblin around?”
A second face crowded into view, above Mrsha. Numbtongue. Saliss raised a thumb in greeting.
“Hey. You going to kill me today?”
“Probably not.”
The adventurer laughed. Goblins. Goblins—they got it. But Antinium?
Bird was heading upstairs as Erin led her posse outside—and was promptly sent back inside.
“You can’t exile me! I’m Erin!”
“We don’t need trouble with Xrn, Erin. Anyways, it’s dangerous. Fierre?”
“Let’s go get Ryoka.”
“Hey! You need me! Hey! Oh, hey Ratici. Good timing…”
Saliss got up and followed after Bird as Mrsha wavered, torn between great options, and scampered after the Ryoka rescue team. Numbtongue went after Erin; he didn’t fully trust the hat men, for all they played cards well.
And Bird? He stood in his tower as Saliss tried to explain.
“Look, I’m drunk. Also, I had this cigar I make to really knock myself for a loop.”
“I am aware. Your breath is a color. The birds are staying away from you. Please leave.”
Saliss stared at the fugue he was emitting. He sat down.
“But I need to talk. Look—when I’m this high, I don’t feel like me. And that’s important, you see? I can’t stop rhyming.”
Bird considered this. Some of Saliss’ breath was still floating from when he’d come up about forty minutes ago to harass Bird. A rather large cardinal had flown through it by accident and was now on the ground, staring at the sky with wings folded.
