Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 26
The microchips, battery, and component parts of the iPhone hovered in the air. The Fraerling team looked at it all, keeping well clear of touching any of the internal workings. They just spoke, amid the outside babble. The Alchimeer cleared his throat, turning to the others and Luan.
“Human—no. Wait. I want some unbiased observations first. Speculation.”
“Well, it’s certainly all components. Amazing.”
One of the Enchanters paced around the iPhone, staring inside. He eyed the battery, but the [Mage] was focused on the actual computer-electronics themselves. He squatted lower, frowning. One of the [Engineers] grinned.
“Hm. Hah. That’s hilarious. This is micro-work, even for us. Can you imagine the technology a Tallfolk would need to make this? But we can still see ways to improve it. That Tallfolk could cut and lay lines of metal…what is the purpose?”
The [Mage] scratched at her chin.
“Runework, obviously. Only for electricity? Yes. Of course! This is how you transfer what’s needed. Like a magical spell—but so neat! But what’s the composition of this stuff?”
She pointed at the case, and the plastic itself. One of the [Alchemists] grunted.
“Let’s get a piece and try to break it down into components—unless the entire casing needs to be maintained for perfect working?”
They pointed at the plastic frame. Luan shook his head.
“You could…take a corner of that part, there? But the computer chip can’t be damaged.”
He indicated the harmless casing. Alchimeer Straesta huffed.
“Obviously! I can see it’s a complete thing. It’s so funny, though.”
She indicated the iPhone.
“All of the inner workings are only half of the device itself! The other half’s your power source, the ‘battery’, and so on. You could make this half as large, easily!”
“But I wouldn’t be able to hold it in my hand.”
The Fraerlings looked up at Luan.
“Oh, right. Tallfolk need bigger things. I bet you if we knew how, we could make something just as tiny…damn. If we can’t reverse it in a cauldron, let’s do analysis spells. Unless that’ll damage the thing?”
“Shouldn’t do. It’s all non-magic. Alright, stop crowding! I need one [Mage] for analysis spells on component material. One—one of you idiots!—gets a part of the casing. Take it up and render it down. Now, what’s this glass? Seems—treated—can we activate this and see if we can trace how it’s working, or is that dangerous?”
It was the Guidance who turned and called out.
“Find me all our [Librarians], [Historians], and experts. Go over the blueprints and see if you can find a match with any of this! This…might move us forward centuries!”
The Fraerling hubbub intensified. This, Luan realized, was more valuable than Earth’s tech alone. The Fraerlings of all people wanted to use this to uncover more Gnomish secrets. He couldn’t wipe a smile off his face. They were properly impressed by Earth’s technology.
“Oh, wipe that smile off your face. You didn’t make it.”
Ekrn glanced up at Luan, but he couldn’t hide the satisfied smirk on his face either.
 
—-
 
After that, everything changed. If Luan had been the friendly giant, but one with an uncertain fate, well, after that he was a proper guest. A friend.
Of course, accidents occurred. And it was due to the Fraerlings’ vigilance that it didn’t get bad. They actually determined they could take small chunks of everything with careful, careful [Repair] spells, and had even begun determining the various component parts of what each material was made of—if not how to create it.
