Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 11
Now, Ryoka was not immune to embarrassing situations. She was positively an infinity-generator of them. However, she was exceptionally grateful when someone else moved in—smoothly—to join the conversation.
“Miss Griffin, it never fails to astonish me to see you fly like that. I’d caution you to beware doing it in First Landing, though.”
Lord Pellmia Quellae, the [Lord of Love and Wine], was the kind of person you liked. He was, in the world of social parlance, a net positive to most situations, be they formal or simply casual. Both Tyrion and Ryoka relaxed around him.
“Why’s that, Lord Pellmia? Anti-air spells? Something else?”
The [Lord] waved that off.
“We’re not at war, and there are a few domesticated Griffins about there. Hawking is a very noble sport—not at all. Simply that if you fly once, every noble from here to Invrisil will demand to see you do it and try your glider. Which is entirely its own problem.”
Ryoka winced at the idea of a panicking member of the nobility doing a nose-dive by accident a hundred feet up.
“Very well advised, Pellmia. I’ll try to—lower expectations.”
“I’m sure we could ride together. It would be pleasant conversation, I trust.”
Lord Tyrion interjected, and Buscrei, Swey, and a few of his cousins oohed in the background. That had to be Pellmia’s influence. Buscrei held up a piece of parchment.
6/10.
Pellmia glared in their direction, but for some reason, that made Ryoka feel vaguely better.
“I—wouldn’t actually mind that. I really want to see my friends—”
“Of course. We can arrange your transport southwards as fast as—”
Tyrion shut up as Pellmia pointed a finger behind his back at him. Ryoka wasn’t done.
“—but I, uh, wouldn’t mind staying in First Landing a few days. If you and Sammial don’t need to get to House Veltras right away. It’s the biggest city in the north. I’d love to just—see what it has.”
Were pigs flying? Buscrei was staring up at the sky in awe, but Pellmia leapt on the suggestion.
“A wonderful idea! Lord Hethon may be travelling north already—and it’s true, how many chances does one have to see First Landing? There are countless wonders there.”
“Really? Like what?”
Ryoka knew more about the Walled Cities’ fame than First Landing’s. It was so remote that, frankly, she felt like Drake customs and attractions were more familiar to her. For instance, public bath houses were a very Drake thing.
Not so in First Landing. But Lord Pellmia instantly began counting off attractions.
“Aside from your usual run of pursuits—you could do hawking or anything of that kind in House Veltras, who arguably have finer animals and better wilds. However, there is famously a racing course for horses. Griffins—domesticated Griffins, Miss Ryoka—are available to ride. For buildings, perhaps the House of Altreidva would be a stop? That is the gallery of some of Izril’s greatest [Artists]—Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans. You know, I wonder if the Players of Celum are there? But you’d know them. Let’s see. Colousa’s Relics is up there. Izril’s best [Enchanter].”
“Really? The best [Enchanter]?”
Ryoka was surprised, but Pellmia instantly nodded. He raised his brows.
“Save for a Walled City or another major city—why would the best and most high-level individuals not be present? I believe First Landing can lay claim to the highest-level [Enchanter], [Sculptor]—never the [Bard] with Barelle so mobile—oh!”
He snapped his fingers.
“The Adventurer’s Haven! We must pay a visit to the highest-level [Innkeeper] on the continent. She’s moving her inn, and if you have not visited already…”
“She’s moving?”
