Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 37
Lyonette frowned. Numbtongue snorted into his cup and Mrsha looked from Erin’s suddenly blank face to Numbtongue’s and Lyonette’s. There was a pause, and then Octavia burst out laughing, which made everyone else but Mrsha laugh as well.
“Lyonette! That’s terrible!”
“Sorry. I just thought—”
The [Princess] laughed and Numbtongue, snorting out ale through his nose, coughed. When he had wiped it with a handkerchief, Erin signaled them all towards seriousness. Mrsha folded her arms, not amused at the adult’s hilarity.
“Seriously, though. Octavia’s shop is sort of um…damaged. I mean, it already was, which was sort of my fault—but the thugs took money from her and did all sorts of stuff. And she used a lot of potions by throwing it at them during the fight. We need to pay her back.”
Erin nodded at Octavia. The Stitch-Girl looked up at the word ‘pay’, but she shook her head when Erin finished.
“It’s okay. I had it coming. I did start it with Quelm. And I’ve learned my lesson. I’m…I guess goodwill’s more important than gold. If it wasn’t for Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters, I’d have lost everything.”
She smiled at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin peered at her and looked at Erin. This was not the fast-talking [Alchemist] he remembered. She looked deflated. Erin met his eyes and nodded, concerned.
“Everybody’s at fault. Maybe us more than anyone because we didn’t listen. Then again…Ceria says she’d have been in trouble with the Horns if they fought forty guys. How’d you survive that, Numbtongue?”
“Potions. Yellow Splatter. Good memories.”
And an [Enforcer]. But Numbtongue didn’t say that out loud. Erin nodded.
“We’ll make it right, Octavia. I promise. We’ve…I’ve been bad to you. Even if you do try to sell a lot. To make it up, Ksmvr’s volunteered to stand guard in the shop tonight with the door open. If anyone comes to make trouble from that old gang, he’ll call us. And you’ll sleep in the inn. Okay? Our third floor’s rebuilt.”
She pointed upstairs. Everyone else looked up. Numbtongue blinked.
“It is?”
“Yup! So Octavia, sit down. Have a drink. Have you met Xif? He’s a cool cat. I mean, Gnoll.”
Erin gently ushered Octavia to a seat. The [Alchemist] girl sat, and soon Erin had the old Gnoll who smelled like weird stuff talking to her. Lyonette, Mrsha, and Numbtongue watched.
“I feel awful. Octavia didn’t deserve that. Or rather, most of it. I think they really did threaten her. Maybe with fire. Stitch-People are terrified of burning.”
Lyonette confided in Numbtongue. He nodded, his eyes on the [Alchemist]. He understood the gang wanting to steal from her, at least. Her shop was so valuable. The potions Octavia had made had saved him and Yellow Splatters. He thought about how hard it was for a Goblin to get even a single potion.
And then Numbtongue heard a voice in the milling crowd. Mainly because it mentioned his name. He looked around and saw Keldrass, one of the Drakes, speaking to the adventurers around him. The Pallassian adventurer looked disgruntled as he argued with Bevussa, Jelaqua, and some of the others.
“I’m not saying it was wrong to destroy a gang. But how can Celum—or any city, Liscor or Celum or Pallass—allow a single Human to throw laws out the window as it pleases her?”
“You’re telling me you object to Erin storming in there and helping arrest that crooked [Alchemist], Keldrass? Really? It’s idiots like him that create monopolies on potions and make adventurers like us pay twice or three times what we have to along with everyone else! Or have you not been to any city besides Pallass?”
