Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 8
The laughing [Mages] subsided. Two of them vanished as if they’d never been here, and Yerzhen couldn’t detect them with any of their scrying spells. The rest, five now, gathered closer. Galei made his smiling face into one of seriousness by passing a hand down his features.
“Serious talk. What does Yerzhen want to say?”
“The Golden Triangle.”
The Elusive Lot paused. And even the hint of a smile vanished from the rest of their faces.
They were, by their own words, pranksters, tricksters, unrepentantly annoying—but not evil or good. They did as they pleased, which was generally to help Wistram as they saw fit. People who interfered too hard didn’t belong with them.
And the Ullsinoi faction loved tricks. Life was meant to be enjoyed, not wrangled over like the Archmages loved to do. Better to make allies than enemies. Better to laugh and enjoy life than try to be the biggest dog in the kennel.
But they did know things. Dark secrets. They did have…enemies. People on their bad list. And for all their lack of scruples at provoking a huge incident between Ailendamus and Nadel—the Elusive Lot was on the side of the Dawn Concordat. But the Golden Triangle was another thing.
What the Elusive Lot knew was that there was such a thing as poor humor. And the ‘Golden Triangle’ was a bad joke. People would die ere the punch line. And the Elusive Lot weren’t going to laugh.
“I’ve spoken to one of the Earthers.”
“Blackmage?”
The query came from Galei. Yerzhen shook his head.
“Another one. They all know it’s a—pyramid scheme. It’s obvious. You’ve seen the numbers and how it ends.”
“Not funny.”
That came from the Selphid. And that was the biggest indictment you could get. The others nodded.
“What will the Council do?”
“Denounce it, probably. Make everyone aware. The Archmages already know. But listen—I heard a rumor that says that Viltach and Feor both want the scheme to continue. Other groups, big groups, get into debt—helps Wistram.”
“And while they do that, many innocent small folk die! That’s their money being stolen!”
Galei stood up, cheeks flushed as he walked back and forth. It could be an act. The Elusive Lot was silent, thinking.
“Wistram sent Montressa and Bezale after the clues. They have all they need to explain what’s happened. I say—we take a first step. Any gang who we’re cordial with—any friends—we warn them. Wistram will move after us if word spreads.”
The other [Mages] murmured. Yerzhen went on.
“Guard our assets. The Walled Cities, at least are the center of the scheme. Let’s cut down the circulation of this game. How much gold is in the air?”
“Over a hundred thousand pieces. At least.”
All of it sent through the ‘Golden Triangle’. If it got bigger, it might well bleed the pockets of many dry. Yerzhen nodded.
“Vote: leak information of the Golden Triangle to…Pallass. He looks into who’s behind the center of it all.”
“Palt’s not good enough.”
Galei opined.
“He could get lucky. The Revivalists and the Scriptels won’t ever trace that mischief—let alone convince the Walled Cities of the danger. Send Palt. He knows how to explain the danger. Apparently he has a connection with Grand Strategist Chaldion? And Magus Grimalkin. Have him use them. I’ll contact him now if we agree. Hands?”
The others deferred to Palt’s master. The vote went up. Three to—seventeen. Dozens of hands popped around the other [Mages] and Galei counted them dutifully. The Selphid made three illusory hands. You never knew who was here. And the hands were more of a sign of…how passionate the other felt.
