Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 6
At least, that was what Roshal said. And the Emir’s grand reputation existed in Roshal alone. Outside of it? He was just one of the [Slave Masters] that the other ignorant nations dismissed. Which was obviously a fool’s point of view.
Roshal was ruled by [Slavers]. But it was crude to say it so. Say rather that among the many interests of the [Emirs], [Slave Lords], and other powerful [Merchants], aristocrats, and individuals of note, slavery was not only legal but reveled in. And once again—among them all Emir Yazdil was the most famous.
There were seven stories about him that were told this week alone.
 
—-
 
On the first day, Emir Yazdil was, while resting in his palace that sat among the many citadels of Roshal, minded to take a hunt. He had tired of the thousand thousand sights in the crystalline fortress of his home. It was said that he had bought the enchanted glass citadel from a disgraced [Prince] who had ordered his Djinni to convey the citadel to Roshal in a single night.
Certainly, it had not existed in Roshal until thirty years ago. Now, it shone, even among the hundreds of other palaces built by the ruling elite of Roshal. It sparkled, and Lailight Scintillation below it, the Grand Bazaar, one of the largest markets in the entire world was also abuzz with life.
For gold, you could buy weapons from Derithal-Vel. Dwarfsteel, light and strong. Or—if your tastes ran towards food, any manner of produce from Oteslia, or Baleros, or ingredients for alchemy, like Eir Gel. Everything came to the markets.
And if you had lots of gold or great favors with the right people, as money was secondary to favors or other trades, like valuable goods or even magical contracts that allowed one to command mercenaries into battle, you might buy something better than mere food or furniture.
A [Slave]. From Chandrar, or Baleros—seldom Izril or Terandria, whose nations were more recalcitrant—but of every kind. Drake, Dullahan—even the Gazers of Baleros were a commodity in the bazaar, however seldom.
Even half-Giants—but of course, one would have to win the auction and be very rich. But you could buy them. Or a Djinni.
Or a Demon. For the riches of Roshal and pride of the slavemasters was great, but even they send aid to the Blighted Kingdom. Just the month before, Emir Yazdil had sent fifty ships laden with riches for the Blighted King and thus earned the gratitude of Rhir. He could have sent a hundred times that number, that was the excess of his wealth, which even the Drake Wall Lords of Salazsar would have envied.
And today, all of this bored Emir Yazdil. He ignored the supplications of his fellow [Emirs] to join them in entertainment. He scorned the company of Roshal’s most bewitching courtesans, who could command thousands and tens of thousands of gold pieces for a single night.
He had no seraglio, or harem, so there were no designs on his attentions there. Such was the Emir’s boredom that it was only a suggestion from his foremost slave and bodyguard which roused him.
“Perhaps the Emir would care to hunt?”
That piqued the Emir’s interests. He immediately organized a hunt. The fact that there was no great animal spotted was not an issue; he would find one and go to one.
Within the hour, a hundred flying carpets left Roshal, bearing the Emir, his great friends, or the ones currently in favor, servants, bodyguards, and experts to find him the quarry and excitement he sought. And the quarry they found was a Grand Elephant, larger than most of its kind and thus a titan, wandering the plains. A lone bull, inexplicably separated from a herd.
