Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 10
It would have been easier for the two to relax with the [Actors] taking the attention of the theatre-loving crowd, which was the usual crowd at this time of day. A Drake [Veteran] with a severed tail, some apprentices on their days off, some hopeful [Actors] or just people who wanted to enjoy and not partake…
Unfortunately, the Players of Celum were not performing a literary classic that would last across the ages. Or at least, not one that had stood the test of time yet. They were doing Frozen, and Bezale winced as the lead [Actress], a Gnoll playing the [Ice Queen] with a wand, began to sing.
“Ugh. I cannot stand the singing. Montressa, hit me with a [Deafening] spell. Better yet, let’s go somewhere else.”
She hated catchy songs. The Minotauress looked at Montressa. The [Aegiscaster] shook her head.
“We can’t leave, Beza. We’ll miss…whatever crazy thing is happening next. I’ll deafen you if you want.”
Bezale was seriously considering it when Erin walked over.
“Hey you two. Enjoying the music? We’re gonna audition some of the [Actors] today. You can join in if you want. It’s fun for everyone!”
Indeed, there were some kids volunteering to be part-time child [Actors], an apprenticeship much like many in the city—only they’d be key parts of the play.
Beza blanched.
“Will they be…singing…all day?”
She indicated the performers. Erin paused.
“…Yes? I mean, these are just auditions. Then they’ll practice, oh, and do a performance tonight…”
The Minotauress looked like she was about to cast [Deafness] and [Blindness] on herself. Erin noticed. She paused and bit her lip.
“We have a private room too. If you’d like to drink there.”
Montressa and Beza looked at each other. Montressa silently weighed the odds of Beza literally charging the stage after the tenth run-through of a catchy pop song and nodded.
“That would be great, Erin.”
Beza looked at her. Montressa whispered as she stood up.
“We can always hear anything happening.”
 
—-
 
The same private room that Erin and Palt had used was comfortable. Montressa and Beza relaxed. Erin lit a candle, put it on a table, and then offered the two refills of their drinks and snacks. The two [Mages] accepted gratefully. Out of the common room, they felt better, relaxed.
The singing had been grating on Montressa’s nerves too, which was odd because she had enjoyed the play the first four times. Maybe fifth was when you got tired of it? But she liked pop songs.
The two waited as Ishkr came in and served them, then they relaxed. Montressa stared around the room, and sighed.
“Nice place. Look, she’s even got colored candles now. And private rooms—that garden we can’t enter…it’s different than when we first came here.”
“Yes. Shame it’s all to Palt’s credit.”
Beza leaned one arm heavily on the table. She sighed. Both [Mages] drank fairly liberally. Day-drinking was a Wistram student’s hobby—well, for some of them. They partied hard, studied hard, and since neither [Mage] thought they’d be working much today, they were going for the former.
Also, they were both feeling down. Their encounter with Palt had just hammered home the situation they were in. Down a party member—no, three. But one was dead and the other two had left. In hot water with their factions…Montressa levitated the pitcher over and filled Beza’s cup, then her own again.
“Cheers.”
Beza didn’t return the gesture. She drank, and then looked at her friend.
“What are we doing here, Montressa?”
“Our jobs.”
“You think Palt will give us more than scraps to give to our factions?”
Montressa shrugged.
