Interlude – Niers
Page 4
“You’re lonely. You want to meet someone like you. But you never have. And you’re afraid to meet this person or find out who they are. In case you’re disappointed.”
The Titan scowled. That was the problem with Foliana. She was vague one second, and then focused the next. Rather like how she operated in everything, actually.
“What are you, my personal [Healer]?”
“Nope.”
Niers sighed. He paced away from the chessboard and came back after a moment. He spread his arms, looking up at Foliana seriously.
“I’m fine. I have students. I have a career. We built this company—I don’t want for excitement.”
“But you’re lonely.”
“Yes, damn it! Will you stop saying that? What does it matter? You don’t seem lonely and I know you don’t have anyone in your life!”
Foliana blinked at Niers.
“It matters because you’re you. You like people. You need people. I don’t. Someday I’ll retire. Go somewhere else.”
“Where?”
“Don’t know. Cottage in the jungle perhaps. Be alone. I don’t need people. You do.”
Niers grumbled. He flushed, kicked the chess board and upset a lot of Cave Goblins across the world, and then gave in.
“Fine. So what if I’m lonely? I have my opponent. I can find out who they are. I just choose not to. I don’t want to be spoiled. I want to have this and not have it ruined. Is that too much?”
He pointed to the chess board. The chess pieces were righting themselves on the board, which had flipped back over. Foliana shrugged.
“Not too much. But stop complaining.”
She began eating again and Niers realized he’d been talking to her all throughout their bath, and before that. And he’d brought up his mysterious chess opponent…well, a lot of times. He’d probably talked for at least three hours this time.
“Very well. I’m sorry.”
“Good.”
“And I will be able to play more games soon, you know. I had a new board and pieces commissioned. It took a while, but this new ‘Go’ game should be delivered to them soon.”
Foliana scratched her head. The game of ‘Go’ was sweeping across Baleros, in no small part thanks to Niers, whose love of the game had put a spotlight on it. It had even received attention from those who followed such things in other continents, although Olesm’s name had not been connected to the game. Niers had been inaccurately credited with creating the game. Again. And this time it wasn’t even his fault.
“It’ll take a while for it to arrive. But I’d bet half my fortune that it was my opponent who taught the game to this Olesm Swifttail to begin with. It’s too much of a coincidence. I know they’re in Liscor, or thereabouts.”
Foliana tilted her head.
“Why will it take a while to arrive? You hired a Courier.”
“Yes. But I had to prepare several fake boards, send a bunch of duplicate messages, you know how it goes.”
“Paranoid.”
“Not at all. I am being watched and this would attract a lot of attention. It’s a sensible precaution.”
“And fun.”
The Fraerling smiled.
“Immensely. I enjoy watching all the [Spies] and [Informants] scurry about and reveal themselves. And spreading gossip. I have a mind to send one of the Go boards to the King of Destruction. Although that might be too politically dangerous.”
“Mm. Send it to the woman with flowers.”
“Reinhart? She’d make it a talking point or use it against me somehow. Some people are too dangerous to play games around. Maybe I’ll send it to the Wistram mages. With itching powder.”
“Okay. And you’re not going to find out what the chess games mean? Or who your opponent is in Liscor?”
Niers hesitated. He visibly struggled with himself, and then scowled at the magical chess board.
