Interlude – Conversations
Page 24
“Begging your pardon, Archmage Valeterisa. Did you say—it is an honor to meet you.”
Valeterisa was walking under some kind of a speed spell, but her head snapped around as Bezale jogged to keep up. She looked blankly at the Minotauress. Then a huge, fake smile appeared on her face.
“Oh, a fellow student? How do you do. I am Archmage Valeterisa! It is a delight to see young people interested in magic. I am a bit busy, but please contact the Mage’s Guild; Wistram always needs new talent.”
“What? No, Archmage…”
Valeterisa’s ‘meet and greet’ routine ended and the Archmage lifted a hand.
“I am sure you are quite a capable [Mage], Miss Bezale, but I am already behind schedule.”
“You are banned from my premises!”
Hedault shouted after her. Valeterisa ignored that. She was making a beeline for the door.
“I will entertain any requests, favors, bribes, or offers. Please send me a [Message] spell. I have a backlog, but I should get to you within the week.”
She was as…insane as Bezale had heard. The Minotauress struggled to keep up.
“If you want to go to Liscor, Archmage—did you say you were looking into an Erin Solstice?”
“Yes. I don’t believe she can be cured, but I will assess her and make notes. I also have a number of others to meet…oh! A Mage Montressa? At the same inn. Good, good. Excuse me, I would like to purchase travel to Liscor.”
Valeterisa came to a stop at the door on this side, which had closed for the duration and was waiting for a shipment of goods. The tired person at the door pointed to the queue.
“You’ll have to wait. There’s restaurants and places to rest. No exceptions.”
Valeterisa blinked. She peered at the door.
“I would like to go to Liscor, now, please. I understand this door can be opened upon request?”
“Only for [Diplomats] and emergencies. There’s a transit this evening. In almost exactly five hours. Please…”
The tired man rolled his eyes. He had to field questions like this constantly. They needed…a bulletin board or something. No, an announcer, like one of those speaking crystals to shout it every five minutes. In fact, this plaza was a bad space since you couldn’t herd these idiots and the goods. They needed a building of their own. Yes, that would do it…
His imagination of a better system cut off as Archmage Valeterisa lifted a finger. She enunciated carefully and loudly.
“I. Would like. To go to Liscor.”
The attendant lost his patience and looked around for some of the people who’d taken notice of the argument and were strolling over.
“Miss, if you don’t step back, I will ask the [Guards] to—”
Valeterisas spoke over him.
“I am Archmage Valeterisa of Wistram. I would like to go to Liscor. On behalf of Wistram. It is an emergency. [Message]. Archmage Valeterisa to Wistram. Please declare an emergency if I am still an Archmage…”
The [Attendant] and Bezale stared at Valeterisa. She stood there, taking all questions and ignoring them. She sent [Messages] to Wistram, Liscor, and waited.
The door opened in five minutes. Bezale choked and Valeterisa smiled.
“Thank you.”
“Wait—”
Valeterisa walked through before Bezale could stop her. The [Spellscribe] sent a hurried [Message] to Montressa. But since she had no idea how to send an all-encompassing explanation of what was headed her way, she simply wrote:
 
Watch out.
 
——
 
“I can’t stay long.”
“I know that. I hope you’ll be safe.”
“Thank you. I—I can only stay a day, really. So I want to make it memorable. It’s, um, a bit embarrassing.”
She blushed shyly. Because she meant one thing. Jelaqua had put on her best body, and she was fiddling with a lock of her styled hair.
