Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 38
The Goblin tilted his head. He glanced at the hole that Khedal had put in his hut when the Minotaur had run straight through it and collapsed. He spoke, and Khedal blinked uncomprehendingly at the chattering voice. Then the Goblin concentrated and tried again.
“We…not you death. Not you.”
He tapped Khedal on the forehead. The Prince rasped at him.
“What? What…?”
The Goblin grinned and shook his head.
“Kings mad. Kings…long ago. Not you. See?”
Khedal didn’t. The delirious Minotaur saw the Goblin pull something out. It was very important—he kept snapping his fingers as the Minotaur tried not to close his eyes. Khedal had to get to shore. But the Goblin showed him a tiny, carved figure.
“…the faces of Elves…”
The Minotaur whispered. He looked at the old Goblin, and the [Herbalist] shook his head.
“No. Stupid.”
He poked Khedal in the snout, and the Minotaur growled.
“Then what?”
“Friends.”
The Minotaur—blinked—
And he was lying on the deck of the ship. The [Battle Healer] leaning over him jerked back.
“Prince Khedal? Stay still.”
“I’m—”
“Safe. The Goblin’s poison is mostly neutralized. Lie still. We are headed back to harbor.”
“The King is asking about the Prince. What is your response?”
The [Healer] turned.
“He will live.”
Khedal’s mind was still reeling from the disjointed memories. Slowly, he felt at his shoulder and found no grassy bandage, but a professional one. The Evercut Wound needed to heal regularly, but the [Healer] had applied it.
“Of course. I—was hallucinating. Under fire from Goblins.”
“Only you would survive that, Prince. It is good you did not fall to Greydath of Blades.”
“Is it confirmed it was him?”
“Confirmed. The King is debating announcing it to the other world powers. Hold on—[Fill the Sails]! We are still in danger.”
Khedal lay still until something poked him in the side. He grimaced and fished out what he thought was a piece of shrapnel out of his side. But it wasn’t.
“Ah, Prince. Did you buy that from the harbor? It’s well made.”
The relieved Minotaurs were speaking to each other. One noticed what Khedal was holding and assumed he’d pulled it out of a bag of holding.
“Perhaps a [Good Luck Charm]? If I were you, I’d wear the same boots and helmet in any battle.”
Even the [Battlefield Healer] joined in. Khedal just stared at the tiny figurine. To the others, it looked like a half-Elf from afar. He stared back at the island.
“I don’t know what it means.”
His hand tightened over the figurine, and he almost made to throw it overboard. Then he lay back down.
 
——
 
After every battle, the House of Minos sat down and looked at how it had gone, where they had taken casualties or failed to make ground, and adjusted their tactics. It exposed peculiarities of their commanders as well.
Unfortunately, sometimes the conclusion you drew was ‘don’t fight a Kraken’. Similarly, the Goblin Lords were just—difficult.
The tidal wave that Izikere the Guardian had summoned hadn’t been as large as some, and it had been directed at the harbor. Minotaurs had built up their seawalls enough so that while most of the streets were flooded, the biggest results were a few cracked walls and a lot of debris.
There was only one real casualty of the wave—and that was all the art and statues that had been readied in a warehouse by the docks for sale. Most had been damaged by the water or smashed by the impacts. Artisans were attempting to repair them, and [Mages] were casting restoration spells, but the Merchant Saimh had little to buy.
