Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 46
It was one of the last copies in the world, and she wondered if the Fraerling had kept any. Perhaps, in Fraerling cities where only his kind could read them. It was one of the few books with anything like interviews with actual Goblins. As she had told Khedal, few species got to observe them in anything more than an adversarial role.
However—the journals of Minotaur Kings before her also provided insights. Some were like Khedal. Some saw nothing, and some had fought Crelers and been too busy for Goblins. Except to note moments where the Island of Goblins and House of Minos had slain an Elder Creler and their warriors had withdrawn without spilling each other’s blood.
Khedal, in some ways, was like a rock. His journey to the Isle of Goblins might not change him immediately, but perhaps, like a drop of water falling on a boulder over a decade…well. Under Inreza, the House of Minos had taken fewer casualties in their war against the Goblins—that had allowed them to battle the King of Destruction’s ambitions abroad.
Presently, after reading, Inreza heard a sharp pinging sound, like someone tapping a crystal with a hammer, and felt a buzzing at her side. She closed the book and put the high-quality speaking stone on the armrest of her throne.
“—You never did gain the Titan’s confidence to ask him about meeting Velan the Kind, did you?”
“I—no, my King.”
The voice that spoke through the stone was slightly sheepish. The King of Minotaurs nodded.
“He is a cautious man. Perhaps when you return. How many letters did you receive, Venaz?”
“Over two thousand. Do you know what caused it? Calruz swears he has no knowledge. They kept referencing a ‘rat’.”
Venaz, the [Strategist] from the House of Minos, was reporting in. Inreza sighed as she plucked a letter she had received from her bag of holding.
“I believe the Minotaur has two rats as pets. Is that correct?”
“Yes…I think he mentioned…are you saying…?”
“One of the rats is intelligent enough to write a letter. Treat them like Sariant Lambs. How was his testimony of yesterday?”
Venaz was apparently trying to choke himself to death of his own volition. The Minotaur King waited for him to finish.
“Rats…?”
“Pets can be intelligent, Venaz. Sariant Lambs can read books. The Hundredfriend Courier’s companions are all around that intelligent. Are they a people in all but name, dignity, and the way they are treated? I have often wondered that.”
“I…will consider that carefully, my King.”
She was currently giving Venaz a migraine, so Inreza relented. He had enough to do.
“Tell me about Calruz, then. If you wish. But I trust your judgment as Mneiol, Venaz.”
“I would still be grateful for your wisdom. I will not take up your time.”
The Minotaur King listened, leaning on one side of her throne, as Venaz reported in. She was not unsympathetic to the rat. It was just that Haldagaz—what a funny name—was not in possession of all the facts.
Nor was even Calruz or Khedal. A [Thrower] had to have guile. Or else what made them different from a ballista? Sometimes you hit a target no one was expecting.
Venaz, [Strategist], was in Liscor judging Calruz of Hammerad’s actions. As was well and proper. He would do that to the utmost of his ability. Yet…Inreza closed one eye as Venaz came to the end of his report.
“…I have heard that the Goblins have made an exodus from the isle, my King.”
“Yes, a problem. We shall deal with it as best we can. However, Venaz, concern yourself only with your studies and your duties abroad.”
