Interlude – Embria
Page 4
“As long as you can figure out which parts they’re supposed to have, I’ll settle for whatever you can get, sir. Just get our squad the most nests.”
More laughter. Pielt rolled his eyes, but good-naturedly. Wikir chuckled, then glanced back at Embria.
“Commander. Helping out the City Watch wouldn’t also be part of our attempt to make good with Liscor, would it? And help win an election?”
He looked innocently at Embria. She scowled and put down her butter knife. Ancestors take it, she’d forgotten the drama of yesterday for a second. That was really going to complicate today’s activities. Maybe.
“That’s right, Captain Wikir. And I’m afraid that you’re in charge of banging the drum and doing parade marches all today. It’s my day off. Try to reign in that Shopkeeper. Lism. But yes, we’re trying to convince people to vote him into the Council for that election. Just don’t say or do anything that’ll upset the civilians, got it?”
Wikir nodded. Vell stretched, looking annoyed.
“And here I’d nearly forgotten about that stupid election. Commander, you make it sound like that Lism Swifttail’s a problem. But he’s the one running against that Krshia Silverfang, right? What’s your problem with him?”
She glanced up the table. This time, Embria hesitated. She didn’t have to answer. But this was her command and they knew her. Better to answer than not.
She looked down at her cup of tea and grimaced. Then Embria glanced up and checked both doors leading into the officer’s mess. She tilted her head; Sergeant Tlik got up and closed one of the doors that was partly ajar. The other officers sat up a bit and leaned in.
“It’s not that I’m against this election thing. The High Command is, and they’re livid that it’s happening, but they’d be fine if we elected good, law-abiding citizens to the Council, I think. Doesn’t matter what the Council does so long as it keeps Liscor safe, right?”
The officers sitting on both tables around her nodded. Embria sighed.
“I’m not even saying we’re wrong to be against that Gnoll, Krshia and her proposals. Some of what she’s saying sounds good to me, but allowing the Antinium any concessions? No. Absolutely not.”
“Idiotic idea. I can’t believe Watch Captain Zevara’s going for it. I thought she had sense.”
Vell growled. Embria had her own opinion about Zevara that wasn’t germane to this conversation. She shook her head briskly.
“The terms are good. And I’ll speak with Watch Captain Zevara. But despite all that—and this is my opinion, not High Command’s—Lism is not our guy. He’s obnoxious, sycophantic, prejudiced against Gnolls as far as I can tell, and he’s going to lose. But the High Command trusts him and I haven’t been able to convince them to let me approach Krshia instead.”
The table was silent. Most of the officers carefully covered their reactions, although a few, like Wikir and Vell, nodded openly. Pielt’s tail lashed under his table.
“Captain, you make it sound like he’s as bad as that Krshia Silverfang. But as far as I’ve seen, he’s been for the 4th Company since we came to Liscor. He’s given my boys discounts when we visit his store and he’s the only person who’s stood up and told the truth about the Antinium.”
“True. Which is why we’re supporting him. But he’s not offering a good platform. Just one that says the Antinium are evil and everything’s fine. Which it isn’t. Have you seen the rent prices on rooms?”
“Double that of when I was here ten years back.”
One of the [Lieutenants] muttered into his tea. Embria nodded. Kesa popped another bean into her mouth and crunched it.
