Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 8
“Even without one, you could still do it. Give me another example.”
“Will I get a cookie if I do?”
“No.”
“Hm. My motivation has decreased, but I would hire a carriage. Although if it is too slow and the horsies tire…”
“…You hire another one. Ever heard of a messenger line? Do it with horses. You ride them at full gallop, nonstop, until they’re tired, jump off, and get another one. Use stamina potions. Use healing potions! Anyone with enough money can do that. The clever ones combine things. Like hiring someone with movement Skills, riding nonstop wagons with enchanted wheels, a damn carpet—anyone can move. That’s our problem. We’re chasing after someone who can move with Skills and artifacts, and we’re boosted by my Skills. But we’re still going too slow. Do you know why?”
“Your Skills are inferior.”
Niers Astoragon sat there for a moment. He breathed in. He breathed out. He smiled. Calmly.
“Bird? I am over Level 60.”
“Yes.”
“You have seen my capstone Skill—you know, the Skill that disabled an immortal [Witch]’s protections for five minutes? I can do it to an entire army. You could put all of Wistram in front of me with every Archmage in the world, and give me an army of Level 5 [Archers] and I could kill them.”
“Okay. I have still seen your greatest Skill. And other ones. I have not been overly impressed.”
Niers chuckled darkly.
“Bird. Bird. Bird. Bird.”
“I am beginning to think you are upset. Yes?”
“You’ve seen my Level 60 capstone Skill. How about my Level 50 Skill? How about the Skill I got at Level 62?”
“Oooh. I am still unimpressed.”
Bird was enjoying making the tiny man upset. It was a good way to pass the time. He was also levelling up in [Liar]. He was already Level 6! One more and he might get a shiny new Skill.
Niers didn’t take the bait, unfortunately. He just muttered and then spoke to Bird.
“The point is, Bird—all my Skills work on armies. [Strategists] are force multipliers. We talk about that in class theory.”
“Class theory? Am I taking another lesson?”
“No. It’s just strategist-talk, and I can tell you’re getting bored. Say a [Warrior] is a linear addition to most armies unless their class is complementary like [Vanguard]—a [Mage] is a multiplier. A [Mage] can multiply a [Warrior]’s power. A [Warrior] doesn’t do more than ‘add’ to a [Mage]’s power because their Skills don’t synergize the other way. Mind you, a [Warrior] keeps the [Mage] from getting shanked, so there are dimensions, but a [Strategist] is a pure multiplier. We need armies to work. Without armies—we have no power. Unlike a [Warrior].”
“Ah. So you are saying since you did not have an army, that is your excuse for letting Belavierr get away and Mrsha being stolen.”
Niers sat in a state of zen on Bird’s head. After a while, he spoke.
“I was leading you to the conclusion that my Skills are boosting our speed, but we’re going through rough terrain. Not on open roads. I can make us go faster, and we need to pick up speed. But we can’t stick to the backcountry. We have to take to the trade roads. I know that takes us within literal spitting distance of some cities. I have a plan. But we need the kind of speed a wagon—and people on horseback—can’t sustain without a flat road, even a dirt one.”
Bird thought about this and nodded.
“All this makes sense. Why didn’t you say so from the beginning?”
He heard nothing from the tiny man for a long time. After a while, Bird clapped a hand to his head.
“No! Don’t—”
