Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 23
Ekrn’s negotiations with Luan went well. Noa got to be part of the second deliberation. This time, Guidance was here, as well as three more of the Architects.
The Alchimeer and Enchanter had never been out of Paeth, even a few feet out, and looked jumpy, but Guidance took it in stride. Farspeaker Humalepre adjusted his spectacles.
“That you would vote to tell our Tallfolk friend everything surprises me, Sentry Leader.”
“If you’re going to let him run about, we might as well have an ally, rather than a hostage, Architects. Besides. Like I said, I think this Tallfolk has more to offer us than most.”
Luan nodded. They’d had a discussion where Ekrn convinced the Architects to be open with him. About everything. His heart was pounding. At last, he could tell someone! And who better than the small folk of Baleros?
“I guess we get to go first. Good faith and all that. Hey, Luan. What’s your guess on why the Architects have their name? Second question: what do the Fraer-folk, the Fraerlings want?”
Luan eyed Ekrn as Noa grinned, dancing from foot to foot in delight. He thought hard, and she knew he was smart.
“Let’s see…because they’re building a Fraerling city? I have no clue. Maybe—because Paeth isn’t done? You’re planning on making it big enough to support millions. Maybe dig into the earth. As for what you want—you want to stay safe. That’s your biggest goal.”
All the Fraerlings shuddered. Ekrn replied.
“Half-right. Dig into the ground? Do you know how many bugs are down there? As for the Architects—right and wrong. Who wants to tell him?”
“Me, me—”
Noa waved her arm. It was the Guidance Heish who spoke. She smiled up at Luan.
“Architects are a name for Fraerlings who rule any settlement like ours. Not your Fraerling villages, but the ones who embrace magic. Our full title is ‘Architects of the Great Project’.”
Luan’s eyes were keen, even sparkling.
“What’s the Great Project?”
“A dream among all Fraerling settlements. Why us Tallguard stand out here and fight and die. We’re not just living. We’re pursuing the dream. We have setbacks. We lose a lot in big disasters, even entire settlements. But the Great Project started so long ago it’s the earliest thing we remember.”
“A way to keep all Fraerlings safe?”
“In part, yes. Technologies every Fraerling village can use. Things like galifts—we share it all. But it’s more than that. It’s completing a work given to us long, long ago. If we finish it—some day—then we’ll be safe. Safe from Tallfolk, from threats, and that day we’ll have the power to walk among you as equals. That was what we were promised.”
“By whom? Dragons?”
The Fraerlings laughed. Ekrn replied.
“You think they’d talk to us? No. When we were young, and the world was hell around us, only one group took pity on the smallest folk in the world. They said, so the story goes, that they would give us a hand since we’d replaced them.”
Luan’s skin began to tingle again. Who? Who…?
“Gnomes.”
 
—-
 
Gnomes existed. So far back that they were stories. So far back that only Fraerlings even invoked their names. The genius, short people had taken the Fraerlings in under their wing.
They had been geniuses of another era. Magic, technology—it had all been theirs, but they had already been dying out by the time they met the Fraer-folk. Why wasn’t clear and they refused to say.
However, they’d taught Fraerlings, given them the edge they needed. The Great Project, also known as the Great Promise, was a set of blueprints, hints.
