Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 39
“Joseph? Rose? Wait—I think I remember—”
She closed her eyes. She heard a thud a shout, panic—Erin opened her eyes. Relc was standing over Joseph. The young man was on the floor. Erin held up a hand.
“Wait! Relc! They’re—they’re from Ryoka! That’s who she meant!”
She turned, eyes wide, to Lyonette. The [Princess] stared at the Earthers. They were ducking away from Relc. The Drake paused, ready to kick Imani as she flinched and covered her head.
“Wait, do I hit them or not?”
Erin looked at the group of seven. They stared at her. Rose tried to smile. Erin looked at their table stacked with dirty dishes. She thought about Ryoka’s letter. Magnolia’s brief aside. And she groaned and ground her teeth.
Lyonette looked at Erin’s face. The [Princess] closed her eyes. And she realized, as Montressa and Beza groaned and Palt made the same, sudden connection and came galloping across the inn’s floor.
“I’m going to kill Ryoka.”
Mrsha solemnly nodded. She looked at the downed Joseph. This was what Ryoka had sent? The Gnoll child wrinkled her nose. Then she sneezed on Joseph and went upstairs to sleep.
Erin looked at the others people from Earth. And then, to everyone’s surprise she laughed.
“Hey. Nice to meet you all again. Welcome to The Wandering Inn.”
She reached down and pulled Joseph up. He blinked at her. And Erin might be exasperated, confused, annoyed, but she looked at them.
“We’re all from the same home. It’s good to see you.”
And Imani burst into tears. Erin reached out and took her hand. And her friends sighed. Or smiled. Relc lowered his fist and patted it sadly. But they were here at last.
It was an eventful night.
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This was a short…interlude. Gah. I can’t even make the interludes after the big stuff short. I quit.
I hope you enjoyed it. This was just characters meeting. Some other stuff that might be important. You know, maybe. But mostly nothing.
But the inn’s come a long way. Can you remember Volume 1? Well, some of our readers can. And Knight Commissar Yarrick, the [Commissioner] behind some of the amazing fanart has done it again. He hired LeChat Demon, another amazing artist we’ve seen before to make art that…encapsulates Volume 1.
It’s just amazing. And I think it fits this chapter. Look at it and see if you remember all the faces and events. And here we are now. I can’t express enough thanks to these two passionate readers! Enjoy, and thank them in the comments!
https://ko-fi.com/lechatdemon
 
Volume 1 by LeChat Demon!
(Full-Size Version)

 

