Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 7
The Dwarf woman stared at the [Royal Captain]. He looked ready to insist, but then came two screaming figures.
“Wind Runner! Wind Runner! We want to fly!”
The [Prince] and [Princess], both with their friends, and followed more timidly by a gaggle of Ryoka’s biggest fans. The [Royal Captain] tried to block the [Princess] from this miscreant. Upon which point she grew vexed at him.
Ryoka felt bad for the man. But she wasn’t done. So she winked, checked to see if she still had a certain monarch’s attention. She thought she did, although his face wasn’t in the royal quarters.
“I can see I’m disturbing the peace. And the grass. So I’ll move away. Lady Fithea, I would be delighted to speak to you. Maybe in an hour? I’ll just step over here…”
So saying, and before they could grab her, the wind blew up her sailcloth again and she glided over the heads of the guards, and awed children. Like a herd of cattle following the parasailer, they raced after her as she flew away.
All I need now is some candy. Actually—isn’t that an activity back home? Someone flies around and scatters candy for kids? And here I thought I was the first person to channel Mary Poppins.
Ryoka Griffin landed. She turned, and her fans swept around her, begging to use the bedsheets. For a second, the Wind Runner remembered kids doing this for the first time. She looked towards the palace, where a [King] no less had come out to talk with the royal guard. She looked at the bangle on her arm, imprisoning her.
I have done this before. Not in the same way. Not exactly like this. But it was familiar. This time…Ryoka Griffin bent down.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was in the presence of royalty. Your Majesty, Princess Oesca, I think? And Prince Ivenius? Good morning to you! I hope I didn’t disturb you?”
The Courier sketched a bow. The [Princess] drew up short and everyone else drew back as they realized they had crowded in front of her in their excitement. Rank still existed in Ailendamus. The [Prince] caught himself and the boy, roughly Hethon’s age, maybe a bit younger, sketched a guilty bow.
“Courier Griffin.”
“I…greet you, Courier Griffin. I am Princess Oesca. But I hope you will not wait on my title.”
Oesca sounded unhappy. As a child might, when reminded of her rank as an impediment to fun. Oesca and Ivenius, named after their parents. Naming traditions. Ryoka had researched all this. She smiled.
“Not at all. If I may, I could call you…Oesca? I’m the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. I think you’ve heard of me?”
“You can make people fly. Could I…fly?”
The girl asked eagerly. Ryoka saw a woman sprinting at her, faster than the worried [Knights].
Holy crap, that’s one angry [Nursemaid].
Well, in for a pinch of pain, in for a wagonload. That was the Ryoka way. And if she wanted to make an impact…she hadn’t made one yet. So she winked at Oesca.
“I can indeed, Oesca. You could even fly around like I did. Although I don’t know if your guardians would let you go so high.”
Oesca’s lips twisted unhappily. As if Ryoka was going to let her soar hundreds of feet in the air holding a bedsheet, friendly wind or not.
“They wouldn’t, I fear. And I should hate for you to get in trouble, Miss Griffin. Did that young man find you yesterday? I directed him towards you, but I heard little of his fate.”
Sammial? Ryoka blinked.
“He did indeed. Thank you for that. I should thank you, Princess Oesca! As I was saying. If it was just you, I’m afraid I can’t let you fly alone that high. Everyone can certainly sail around on the ground. But if it’s not just you. Well. Would you like to go for a ride?”
