Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 28
Kent smiled, a bit strangely. Yazdil sighed. He could have gone to another room. He was…working…with the others. This young man had been first, though, and Yazdil had been incautious, upset.
“Have you had your drink today?”
“Not yet. Should I…?”
“By all means.”
The young man looked around, licking his lips. There, amid the rooms he had tried to make like home, artifacts, entertainment—usually lovely company, except that he had been sick—was a prepared amphora. It was always kept full, and now, the young man absently rose and filled himself a cup of shimmering green.
The green became a midnight purple as the liquid swirled around. Neither color looked foul; it was an elegant drink, with depth. It didn’t even taste badly, to judge from his face.
“Better?”
The Naga inquired after a moment. Kent Scott started; he was staring ahead, lost. His pupils had widened and he looked far different as he sat down at the table. Now, he did not fidget, or suffer from the flu. He was elsewhere.
“I remember being…born.”
That was all he said. Yazdil sighed.
“I know, Kent. But try to focus. Where we left off; if you need more of the curative for your flu or feel sick, tell me.”
“I will. I feel better. I remember being sick. I’ve been sick…thirty one times ever.”
The Naga nodded. Interesting how disease was so difficult in either world. But that was not what interested him. He produced, with his tail, a little journal and flipped it open. The Naga also produced spectacles; he had excellent vision, but they let him lock onto the little words even from a distance.
“Kent, Kent. Focus. We are on history, today.”
“The history of what?”
“I believe, Rome. Tell me about Rome, Kent. You said you studied them?”
The young man’s pupils widened further. His irises practically swallowed; it was unnerving. He spoke, without a hint of uncertainty, but slowly.
“I did not learn all their names. But Rome began with Augustus, Caesar in 27 BC. Followed by Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, and Nero. They comprised the first dynasty we studied in my history class. I was busy telling jokes and never saw the next page. The next Emperor was Titus, son of Vespasian. After that, I lost track of the order…”
“But you remember what they did? Tell me about what they did, Kent. And then we’ll talk more about machines. Have you tried drawing in more detail?”
The young man licked his lips. He had sketches nearby, which he’d labored on—even had [Artists] help him with.
“I have. Emperor Augustus was the Emperor of Rome, after the last Caesar, Julius…”
Yazdil listened, making notes himself, asking questions. The problem with this was that Kent would repeat every little detail, not judging the content, only recalling.
Yet he did recall with such perfection. A true shame that he was not an excellent artist—or that he had never studied chemistry, biology, or the sciences to the degree Yazdil might have desired.
But he had studied history and there was more. Oh, this was just for Yazdil to understand.
He already knew how Rome had fallen. And by the same token; he knew that Rome was far, far in Earth’s past. He knew that nowadays, Rome was a memory and there were different nations in power.
And they had firearms, planes, tanks, advanced sciences, electricity…the Naga took a sip of his potion to calm his nerves.
 
—-
 
He spent two hours with Kent, then told the young man to lie down. The memory-draught always took a toll, and the young man had used it for a long time, and quite a lot of it. Yazdil was far more careful with the others.
