Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 7
No. Wait. The Prelon exploded as it hit the back of the [Thief] and the Drake girl screamed and pitched into the street. Relc had thrown it so hard that even the tough rind had split. The Drake sighed.
Now he’d missed breakfast twice.
 
—-
 
Routine. Here is how it happened. Relc walked over as the [Thief] rolled around and the [Butcher] stopped in shock. They might have tried to threaten the [Thief], but Relc blocked their cleaver; sometimes you got angry civilians who might kick or attack your criminal.
“Watch business! Everyone stand back! Just a [Thief] with some food.”
He bent down and picked up the burst Prelon as Pos ran over. Relc dusted off some of the good fruit and ate it. It was important to keep your strength up.
Oh—the arrest. Whatever. At this point, your classic [Thief], [Pickpocket], or so on, tried to run or gave up depending on how hard you hit them. This one might have gotten up and used a Skill to cartwheel into the crowd or something—but Relc’s foot was on her back. He just stood there, not even with all his weight, pinning her down.
“Shoplifter, eh?”
Pos squatted down to investigate the now-dirty meat and [Thief]. Relc chewed his fruit.
Next, you put them in manacles, or just marched them to the Watch House if they were this young. After that, you had your partner write the report and you went on your way. Relc doubted this girl would get a stay in the overnight cells or actual prison. She couldn’t have been more than twelve.
In this scenario, you walked to the parent’s house once you got it out of her, and talked with them, sometimes about the fine. Boring, annoying if they kicked up a fuss…sometimes lower-level [Guards] got the duty. Killed an hour sometimes. Two if the parents were criminals or did something stupid and you had to arrest them…
“Thank you for stopping her, Senior G—”
“Not at all. Just doing my job.”
Relc realized he’d preempted the [Butcher]. But the Drake nodded at him, respectfully eying the burst Prelon. Some others were murmuring. Relc waited for Pos to say ‘let’s get her to the Watch House’, or ‘something stupid and not-really-funny here’, like some of the [Guards] who thought you had to have a quip every time you arrested someone.
Klbkch never bothered. However, to Relc’s surprise, routine failed him. Pos stood up and was talking with the [Butcher]. Relc abandoned his inner thoughts of the past for a second to actually listen.
“She’s just a kid, Senior Guardsman. The meat’s not even that damaged. I’ll cut off the dirty parts; give it to the dog. It’s not even a silver’s worth of damage.”
“You’re sure? That’s generous of you, sir. I agree. Young miss, where’s your family?”
Relc blinked; lifted his foot. The Drake [Thief] glared up defiantly at Pos. The Senior Guard squatted down with a sigh.
“Come on, now. We’re not your enemies. You know it’s a crime to steal, don’t you? Or are you…hungry?”
He eyed the [Thief]. Relc slowly chewed a gritty piece of fruit and eyed her. She did look hungry.
Street kid. Means we have to worry about if she has parents, if they’re mistreating her, find them and/or arrange for her to go into Lism’s kid-thing. Wait, do they have that here?
He adjusted his routine to fit the new parameters. However, to his surprise, Cellidel did things differently. After a few minutes of talking, lecturing the girl and asking about her family, while she remained tight-lipped, staring at Relc and rubbing at her back, Pos stood up.
“Alright. If we catch you again…go on now.”
