Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 20
Qshom, Astotha, Droppe, and Shein all helped too. Astotha most of all, taking bits of Pisces’ pain for him. They had formed around him, a group of sorts. So…naturally. But then, they were [Slaves]. Pisces hazily remembered that was how it happened.
 
—-
 
When Pisces ran away the second time to join Gewilena, it was after months of learning from her in secret. It started with questions about why, how, and more. Learning the law wasn’t the law, that [Necromancy] wasn’t evil, all of it was a slow process.
He joined her cabal. [Necromancers] hiding out, glorifying Az’kerash, all taking to death magic for different reasons.
Talent, a desire to emulate the great evil of Terandria for their own hatred of this land, baser fascination with death, a sense of being outcast…
Pisces didn’t care for many of them. Gewilena was whom he admired. She was among the best of them, but she didn’t create zombies or seek vengeance. She had taught him well, and he joined their cabal.
They attempted to farm like Silvaria had once done, but ran afoul of insects and plague. They kept ahead of the law, [Knights] and [Guards], fighting sometimes, fleeing and hiding most of the time.
They argued politics, envisioned a better future, and studied magic. Erin had called them ‘death hippies’ when she had pried part of the story out of Pisces, and he had no idea if that was accurate.
What he had known were his friends. Gewilena, Ama, Feren…
Well, ‘Ama’ and ‘Feren’ were their names, but they took on pretentious airs. That was how Pisces had stopped using ‘Pisces Jealnet’. If they were to be outcasts, they should be as royal as those pretentious [Lords] and [Ladies]!
Feren du Aquinteis, his assumed title, had been the leader of the cabal, who had to clash with the other [Necromancers] who wanted to lead them to conflict, root out the ones who were bad, fight…he was the best of them.
Level 30, although he’d barely gotten there and Pisces had privately believed Gewilena had been better, just refused to use her full powers. Nevertheless, Feren had been good. He’d heard Pisces was good with a rapier, but refused to get a class, and they’d become friends, or a kind of mentor and student.
“Come on, Pisces. Learn the damn spell!”
He never struck Pisces, but he wasn’t the best teacher. Gewilena was patient; Feren was not. Nor did Pisces want to learn.
“It’s not fair.”
Feren swished the practice sword he’d made out of bone impatiently. He had begun to dye his hair, in emulation of Az’kerash, his hero, despite being older than Gewilena, even.
“It’s a spell to replace a Skill! Fair? I told you to use everything you can to win a fight!”
Pisces had, back then, still believed in Padurn’s teachings about how to fight, for all he refused to take the class. He’d protested, but Feren had overruled him as Gewilena worked on her next masterpiece. They rarely had any function, for all they were undead; they could barely defend themselves. They were just for beauty.
Some of the cabal had left because of the perceived waste. That was fine; Feren could create strong enough undead to protect them all. Food was harder. Sometimes they stole, sometimes they had to intimidate or raid caravans. So he trained Pisces.
“They care nothing for us. A fair fight doesn’t exist when eight [Knights] are charging at you, Pisces. So—once again. [Flash Step]! Az’kerash himself used this spell!”
