Interlude – Rufel
Page 10
“Because that’s young. And stupid. It’s what I’d expect of someone that age in Pallass. But Liscor’s out in the High Passes. Dead gods, little Mrsha just confronted a gang of Gnolls and Drakes torturing a prisoner. They could have killed her and look at her now.”
She pointed. Mrsha was happily waving a wand, growing flowers at the table where Moore sat. As if she were a child. But she had white fur. And Rufelt remembered her sitting at his bar, sipping the bitter carrot juice. Pretending to be…
“They survived undead attacks, a Goblin Lord, the Face-Eater Moths—can you imagine anyone their age in Pallass doing that?”
“[Soldiers], perhaps. If they enlisted at fourteen, they’d have seen that.”
“Hah! Maybe, but Pallass is safe. We’ve got crime, but we don’t have monsters a mile from the city. We’re not Liscor. And Erin? Lyonette? They’re not [Soldiers], Rufelt. Not Erin, or anyone else in her inn. They’re adventurers. Antinium. Little Gnolls.”
“Children. You’re right.”
Rufelt looked around. And he felt old. Suddenly, though the grey had just started to appear in his black fur. But this wasn’t something a dye from Xif could hide. He looked at Lasica. And she looked older. And more beautiful, somehow. Both at the same time. She nodded at another table, where a familiar, huge Dullahan sat.
“Even Miss Ivirith. Her team fits in this inn. I’m almost jealous; maybe it’s an [Innkeeper] thing, but Erin’s found her people. Her team feels like the rest of the guests she has. They don’t fit.”
“The Halfseekers. No, I agree. Look at her with Maughin. Come to that, our resident [Blacksmith] probably doesn’t have much more experience in love.”
Lasica chuckled. Then she sobered.
“But more than her. It’s striking. It’s so young here. But I guess that’s the point. People who’re old wouldn’t make an inn out here. If they were old, they’d stay in the city. They wouldn’t be…”
She looked at Erin. Rufelt nodded. If she was married, even to someone like her, would she run her inn like this? That was the feeling in the air. Youth. A bright, spontaneous energy. The kind of unpredictability that had captured Pallass for a moment. He looked at Lasica. And he didn’t have anything to say. So he just leaned on the counter. And she sat there. And they watched.
After a moment, the introspection was broken as a Drake with light blue scales walked up to the bar. He spoke quietly.
“Something strong, please. Not so strong I’ll fall over, but something fortifying.”
Rufelt looked up. The request was familiar. So was the unhappy look in the Drake’s eye. Rufelt thought he recognized him too. But he silently mixed a drink that did exactly what the Drake wanted. The [Strategist] nodded, paid, and drained the mug in two gulps. He exhaled, shook his head, and paused there.
He didn’t want to turn. He looked at Rufelt and the [Bartender] wondered if he should step in. But—no. The Drake was working up his courage. He muttered to himself.
“I’ve done what I thought was right. But what’s right isn’t—sometimes you pay for what’s right. Because what’s right isn’t fair to your friends. You know?”
He looked up helplessly at Rufelt. The Gnoll nodded. Lasica smiled, but she let Rufelt reply.
“If it’s about right and fairness, it feels like a good way to live would to try to be both.”
“If only I could.”
The Drake muttered. He shook his head.
“I’m trying to protect them. But I’ve earned—thanks.”
