Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 57
They could outproduce us. They could take over our lands. We can’t let them reach our world. We need to be careful, to learn what they’re doing. We need…to tell the Professor?
She had been having nightmares of Humans flying through the sky. Feshi suddenly realized where Eldavin had gotten his new armor idea from. More danger.
 
——
 
Satar saw Feshi’s face grow troubled and looked at this strange group, from Gire to Mrsha, Rose, Adetr, Feshi, and Yelroan. They were nice people. They had all come together to help one another, and they had done their best. But Satar had tried to find out the truth in stories for Doombringers…and failed.
They really had lost so much. Mrsha’s ears drooped, and Satar saw her listening to Rose and Adetr arguing.
Satar remembered what she herself had said in the Retelling.
We were here.
We were there. But…no one could prove it. Kingdoms vanished. They lost their library. Mrsha sighed. Satar wiped at her eyes and sniffed again. Everyone avoided looking at her. Rose and Adetr argued again.
Mrsha looked down as Gire gulped down a snack, Yelroan fidgeted with his sunglasses, and Feshi headed over to see if dinner was ready yet.
 
——
 
Satar’s crying was perfectly understandable, given how hard she’d tried, only to be foiled by time and malice. She was a [Detective] with no leads, only questions, and it frustrated her to tears.
She had not found her answer in the Doombringer stories, only noticed the absence. She would keep trying, but her Skill had not miraculously solved all problems. If that were so, Gnolls would never want for anything.
Yet there was more to miracles than just luck. Even a Doombringer knew that. So while Satar had cried, Mrsha had been thinking big.
Mrsha could not predict when a bishop would swan into enemy lines and hold a king-piece hostage. But she had learned something from Erin Solstice, the master herself.
And that was that other people could do things for you. Mrsha, the [Slacker]-in-training—which pretty much meant she’d never get the class because she kept trying to work for it—had made a little plan. And the thing about little plans? When you handed them to giants or geniuses, they always turned them into big plans.
Mrsha the Delegator quietly wrote onto her [Message] scroll as Gire watched her out of the corner of one big eye. The [Paragon] winked at Mrsha, but Satar never noticed.
 
Mri the Magnificent Mind: Old guy. Old guy, I have a biiig favor to ask. Will you help me? Pwease?
Fetohep of Khelt: If you address me in such an obnoxious fashion again, child, I will be forced to hire an [Assassin] to burn your [Message] scroll. There is such a thing as etiquette.
Mri: In that case, um…forsooth—
Fetohep of Khelt: I will post the bounty at 1,000 gold coins within the hour.
Mri du Marquin: Your Gracious Eminence, I humbly beg your forgiveness for my misconduct. It is unbecoming for a young lady, and I can only apologize that I have taken leave of my senses. It would not only honor my house, but do justice to the endless bounty of Khelt’s munificence if you would consent to heed my petition.
Fetohep of Khelt: Who taught you to write like this? Truly.
Mri: My mother.
Fetohep of Khelt: Ah. I do not employ any such individuals in my palace permanently, as I have not needed to address foreign powers substantively these last five hundred years. Someone of her talents would be useful. Would she be interested in a position in my Mage’s Guild? 
Mri: Nope. Can I tell you my big idea now? It’s smart!
Fetohep of Khelt: You may.
 
