Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 16
“A gift. Mace and sword. You two are skilled—but do not mistake that for being superior. A warrior harnesses their talent, but it does not define their ability. Even so—you two have a rare gift. More than mine.”
For some reason, the Minotaur smiled oddly as he faced them and the rest of his special trainees. Archer B12, Crusaders 51 and 53, and a dozen others were rare talents among the Antinium. It made them feel…odd.
Wrong, that they should find this easier than some of their brethren. In fact, one of the Workers assigned to archery was staring at his target. He had initially been given a spear, but he had been unable to coordinate all four arms enough to make Calruz happy. So the Minotaur had given him a bow.
Then a crossbow. Calruz looked over, and Crusader 51 stared at the most pristine target he had ever seen.
Every single bolt had missed. Calruz stared at the trembling Worker.
“…That is, in its way, extraordinary too. What do I do with…?”
He scratched at his head, genuinely perplexed. Tersk marched over with a row of pike-wielding Antinium.
“Is there a problem, Trainer Calruz?”
“That Worker, there. He…would be an unwise [Archer] to position near your back lines. I thought it was a fluke or deliberate, but if it is not? The same with spear and shield. He would die in the first clash.”
Tersk looked blankly at Calruz as Crusader 51 listened. He couldn’t help but watch the poor Worker. Was he going to die?
“Is that a problem, Trainer Calruz?”
The Minotaur gave him a sharp look.
“Not if you consider the Antinium expendable. Is that the case?”
Tersk thought about it. He opened and closed his mandibles, then replied happily.
“I do. Therefore, I have little issue with changing the Worker to spear and sh—”
Calruz slapped Tersk. Crusader 51 saw the hand come up and slap the Prognugator across the face so hard the crack sent Tersk sprawling. Instantly, Dekass whirled.
“Attack! Attack!”
He drew his sword, and some of the watching [Guards] surged to their feet, reaching for their weapons. But Calruz did not move.
Tersk rose, shortswords drawn, but eyed Calruz as the Minotaur stared down at him. He had two hatchets, two shortswords, and Calruz had one arm. Tersk…lowered the shortswords.
“Why did you hit me, Trainer Calruz? I do not think this was a friendly blow.”
The Minotaur snorted.
“It was not. You will not say that again, in my presence or on the battlefield.”
Tersk’s mandibles opened and closed.
“Is that an order, Trainer Calruz? The Armored Antinium do not listen to orders.”
Calruz shook his head. He looked at Tersk, and Crusader 51 saw him glance at the Antinium who had gone still. Calruz raised his voice and addressed them all.
“You will not. Not because I say it, but because a leader who speaks in that way deserves no loyalty from those he commands. If you ever wish to level—understand why you were wrong. I am not in the House of Minos, but if I heard that from any superior officer, be it [General] or anyone else, I would strike them or resign from my post. If you do not respect those who will fight and die for your words, you do not deserve to speak them.”
Tersk’s antennae were not visible under his helmet, but the Antinium backed up a step and stared at Calruz.
“I will…take that under advisement. What about that Worker, then?”
The Prognugator pointed at the trembling Worker, and Calruz frowned mightily.
“He should not be fighting. Sometimes there are those who cannot, by birth—or sheer…talent…”
He hesitated.
“…It is not their fault. Can that Worker not return to the Hive?”
Tersk shook his head instantly.
