Interlude – Talia
Page 7
“Hail, my good man and thy harvests be blessed! Hast thou time spare to converse with knights-errant upon our ceaseless quests?”
He glanced back at Talia. She covered her face.
“Dead gods, Ser Eldein…”
The traveller looked at Eldein as he drew up his horse. His jaw worked and at last he spoke.
“What’re you on about? Harvests? I’m a [Shoemaker], not a [Farmer]!”
“A figure of speech, sir. Have you time to speak?”
“About harvests?”
Ser Eldein faltered. He was used to Terandria, where people were used to [Knights] and usually had some manner of respect for the class. The [Shoemaker] looked at Eldein, clearly worried that the [Spring Knight] was touched in the head.
“No, Sir Shoemaker. I—we are simply hoping you could speak to us of any news.”
The man’s face cleared and he took off his hat to wipe at his brow. The days were getting warmer; Talia could feel summer in the air.
“Oh. Why didn’t you say so? You want to know what’s happening? Well, monsters, that’s what! Wait, are you going after them or haven’t you heard?”
Talia sat up straighter on her horse. Ser Eldein leaned forwards.
“We have been travelling the last seven-day. What’s this about monsters, Sir Shoemaker?”
“My name’s Belic. Not Sir—seven-day? You mean, a week? Well, if you don’t know—there are Ogres about! I’ve been trying to get back home south; I should have never come north, not with them about!”
“Ogres?”
Talia rode forwards. Belic turned to her and she bowed.
“Mister Belic?”
“That’s right. Who are you lot?”
Belic had caught sight of the group of [Knights] riding up the road. He goggled. It wasn’t that strange a sight in Terandria, but apparently nineteen [Knights] was in Izril. Talia nodded to the rest of the Order of Seasons.
“We are [Knights] from Terandria, sir. The Order of Seasons. What’s this about Ogres? Ser Lorell!”
She waved and the older [Summer Knight] spurred his horse forwards. Belic blinked, already looking slightly overwhelmed. He stared at the colorful armor Talia and Lorell wore and then scratched at his balding head.
“Well—it’s Ogres. Lots of ‘em! You didn’t hear? It’s been the talk of the road all the way from—have you been camping the entire way here?”
Talia coughed.
“We…travelled here quickly. There are Ogres attacking this area? A band of them?”
“More than a band! A damn clan came out of the hills! First it was just a single band, but more and more have been attacking. Lady Magnolia Reinhart has placed a bounty on their heads! Twelve for each head at first. But when the others came, she put it up to sixty three! There’s a three thousand eight hundred coin bounty on the head of their leaders!”
“Sizeable for Ogres.”
Lorell murmured, his brows shooting up. Talia agreed, doing quick math.
“Ogres don’t have high numbers, but even a hundred would be a tidy sum. Have there been that many?”
“Dozens in each group. And yes, Miss Knight, there’ve been plenty of adventurers. But you know Ogres—they’re huge! Most of the Silver-ranks buggered off when they heard how many there were, so the Gold-ranks came for the money. Three groups have been driven off, but the last two forced a Gold-rank team, the Dividenblades, to retreat with a casualty! And killed dozens in a pitched battle with Silver-ranks and a militia outside the city of Phaust!”
“This is more than just a lone raid, Ser Lorell.”
Talia looked at the [Summer Knight]. He was nodding.
“Sir Belic, how dire is the situation? Is anyone doing anything to root out this threat?”
The [Shoemaker] frowned.
