Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 3
He turned to Perorn Sadiluc, known as Fleethoof, one of the foremost [Strategists] and commanders in the Forgotten Wing Company, one of the Four Great Companies of Baleros.
Perorn stared at Niers. And then she looked at Foliana.
“Is this what I was summoned here for?”
“Mm. He’s obsessed.”
“I’m just asking if you think it’s a female player. The spelling looks neat.”
Perorn stared at Niers. She looked at Foliana.
“I’m leaving. This isn’t my job, Niers.”
“Hold on! I want your opinion!”
“Just ask!”
Niers threw a chess piece at Perorn’s head. It soared back towards the board as he shouted.
“Where’s the delicacy in that? I’m asking your opinion as a trusted confidant—”
The Centauress trotted off, shaking her head.
“Mm. Pathetic.”
Foliana rolled around in her hammock and dropped out the opening. She landed flat on the ground and stared sideways at Niers.
“Is this really the Titan of Baleros? Niers Astoragon, get ahold of yourself. Mm. You’re disgraceful. Like your first love.”
Niers colored.
“I’m asking so I don’t make an ass of myself like with Lord Belchaus! He had feminine handwriting!”
“Just ask. Or pay those Brothers. The criminals. With money to find out.”
“What if they lie? Or she lies? Anyways, the Gentleman Callers are not being cooperative. Foliana, think about it tactically. You have to gather as much information as possible. I could, ask, but I’m overplaying my hand—”
Three-Color Stalker rolled her eyes. And then she rolled over and smooshed Niers. She heard a furious shout as she lay on him. But the Titan of Baleros was far from dead. It took more than that to kill a Fraerling.
“Pathetic. Mm.”
Foliana stared up at the sky. At last, Niers crawled out from under her.
“I could have severed your spine with my sword.”
“Mm. You should have gone with your students.”
The Titan paused as he adjusted his clothing.
“I have my duties. This is just—fun. And I’d like it to continue being so.”
“Where are they now?”
“My duties?”
Foliana sighed as Niers walked up her side and stopped so he could glare down at her face.
“No, the children.”
“At sea. Not all of them went, you know. I’m still teaching my summer classes.”
The Squirrel-woman nodded. She sat up and Niers swore as he swung himself up onto her shoulder. She looked at him.
“Well?”
“Well, what?”
“Who went?”
 
—-
 
Umina and Marian sat in her little dorm room and began packing Umina’s possessions. She was moving out.
“It really was kind of Wil to let you use his quarters while he’s gone.”
“Well, he did pay for the lease. And his rooms are like, four times my size. But yes. I’ll give him something when he comes back.”
Marian sighed. She and Umina were in Elvallian, the capital of the Forgotten Wing Company. The Centauress folded one of Umina’s pairs of leggings; the Lizardgirl stuffed her clothes into a bag.
“I wish I’d gone. Do you regret not going, Umina? Or—did Wil ask you?”
The Centauress [Strategist] looked sideways at Umina. The Lizardgirl paused.
“Wil asked me, but I turned him down. It’s his secret, and I want to keep taking classes during the summer. I can’t spend a month or two at sea. Plus, I have things to do in Baleros.”
“Hm.”
Marian sighed. Umina looked at her.
“Why’d you turn him down?”
“I can’t swim.”
Umina dropped a tunic in her bags and turned to Marian, surprised.
“What? But we were on a ship in Daquin. And I remember you treading water in the harbor.”
The Centauress tossed her head impatiently and stamped a hoof.
“Well, I can float. But Centaurs aren’t great swimmers! Too awkward. And I’d die in a wooden box if I had to live there for a month.”
