Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 12
He put it out of his mind as he went for his true objective for the day. It had become plain to Laken that there was a crisis named ‘Belavierr’. Riverfarm had endured it once, but the Stitch Witch was a walking calamity. He had no idea how you could oppose her—short of throwing every [Witch] in Riverfarm at her, and the odds were they’d just run away. The only trump card he had was Wiskeria.
And she…was interesting. The [Witch] was his [General] and also a ‘witch of law’, a new kind of [Witch]. She had sworn to stop her mother, even if it meant Belavierr’s death.
On the other hand, she had also convinced Belavierr not to attack Mrsha, at least physically, and Laken had heard she baked a cake and put it into her hat yesterday.
He hadn’t realized how—odd—Wiskeria was. Mainly because Wiskeria was good at hiding it. Laken had been clandestinely observing her in his mind, and now came to talk to the [Witch].
 
—-
 
This was how Wiskeria was a bit odd; she was normally her spectacled self, wearing blue robes and a pointed hat, the quintessential [Witch].
She was also a Silver-rank adventurer, responsible, even unremarkable if you’d met Revi or someone with a very strident personality. She was the kind of ‘second in command’ she’d been when Sacra, posing as Odveig, had led their team here.
A sensible organizer and leader. She remained that way until Laken had realized she was Belavierr’s daughter. And that posed a question to the [Emperor].
You’d think that the daughter of one of the greatest [Witches] of all time would be a bit weirder, wouldn’t you?
He’d run a ‘test’. The fruits of that test were apparent as Wiskeria raised her voice.
“No. He didn’t.”
She was gossiping with some of Riverfarm’s women, from various positions in the village. It was just…relaxing, having some of Eloise’s famous tea. Wiskeria looked shocked.
“Cheating? Did you ask a [Witch] to sort it out? Miss Yesel? Or…?”
There were internal judiciary systems within Riverfarm. The young woman shook her head tearfully.
“No—and please don’t ask, Miss Wiskeria! I don’t want him to lose his head, if Hedag were to hear…”
“She wouldn’t do that. And something should be done.”
Beycalt was frowning. Wiskeria nodded, looking disturbed.
“He’s your fiancé, isn’t he? You have to do something, Elaiere! I could talk to Prost or even—”
“Not his Majesty! I’ll…he said he’d make things right, break it off. It was only once!”
The others looked at each other. Laken, leaning against a windowsill, made a mental note not to intervene or pretend he’d heard about this. Some things an [Emperor] did not need to deal in, and this?
“It’s not once.”
“He said—”
Wiskeria’s hat swiveled back and forth as Beycalt glowered and the poor Elaiere defended her unfaithful fiancé. Fascinating as this was, Laken only focused on Wiskeria. Because…she was genuinely disturbed.
Disturbed, upset on behalf of Elaiere, the [Seamstress], a talented young woman, whom Wiskeria had befriended. Given tips to—of course Wiskeria knew how to sew. And it made sense! You’d support a friend who realized she was being cheated on, wouldn’t you? Be upset?
“All checks out. That’s genuine emotion right there. Wouldn’t you think, Gamel?”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
The [Knight] hovered, palpably uneasy at eavesdropping, although his [Emperor] had insisted. Laken nodded to himself.
“So—how did Wiskeria react to the other tasks I asked her to oversee and help with?”
The [Knight] didn’t have to think.
