Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 29
This was why she hated it. Because it wasn’t light. She looked at Altestiel and wondered what ten years might be. Not tomorrow. If she could forget the future, she could enjoy now.
Erin walked back into the inn. Five minutes had passed since her talk with Lyonette. Seventeen since she’d gone off—everyone was having lunch. And her convivial, go-with-it attitude was gone.
This was how she felt in the past as well. This was…
Not fun. Erin dreaded going back and talking to Altestiel. It was almost a relief to see the Street Runner panting and calling for her.
“Miss Solstice?”
“That’s me, yup. Me.”
The Drake pointed towards the door she’d run through.
“Urgent [Message] waiting for you in Liscor.”
“What is it? Ryoka?”
Erin began to stride from the door. The Street Runner didn’t know.
By the time Altestiel came out, followed by the suitors with crepes of dubious quality—Erin Solstice was gone.
 
—-
 
It took only twenty minutes to connect. Rabbiteater had expected to be led away, but he just sat there. Ser Markus was led away after his correspondence was done. Talia remained—perhaps delaying her correspondence to watch him.
He had been given a quill. The [Lieutenant] in charge of the ‘negotiations’ had written a brisk [Message]. Rabbiteater could read it—although it took him a little bit to figure it all out.
 
To Erin Solstice, [Innkeeper], The Wandering Inn, Liscor, Izril:
A [Knight] going by the alias of Ser Solstice, or the Goblin Slayer of Izril has been captured in battle with Ailendamus. Per the rules of engagement, his safety and possessions will be assured provided a ransom of no less than 100 gold pieces. Failure to deliver the sum will lead to his internment as a prisoner of war. Please respond within the hour; failure to do so may lead to complications.
 
“Don’t worry, Ser. It’s just to motivate them.”
The [Lieutenant] reassured Rabbiteater. The Goblin was silent. A hundred gold? It might not be much for a [Knight]’s family.
But it was too much for Erin. He debated using his manacles to try choking the officer to death. But he’d never get out of the tent with so many soldiers.
“Lieutenant. Are we giving away the cloak and axe? That’s good gear.”
“Depends on the ransom. Shut up.”
They’d taken his cloak and axe. Rabbiteater shifted.
“My brothers gave them to me.”
An uncomfortable silence. The [Lieutenant] didn’t look at him.
“I’m sure House Kallinad will pay the equipment fees.”
“They will. This is unnecessary extortion.”
“Every piece of gold goes towards our forces, milady. A hundred gold may be trivial to you, but it would pay the wages of every man in this tent for a year. More.”
The [Lieutenant]’s retort meant he missed the first inky letter appearing on the page. Somewhere, across the world, an [Innkeeper] was writing on an expensive scroll. Rabbiteater’s eye widened.
He did not want this.
He wanted this.
He missed her.
The [Innkeeper]’s fingers trembled on the quill. The [Scribe] was overseeing the writing. But he had let her write. She hesitated as she wrote.
 
This is Erin Solstice. I might know a Ser Solstice. I’d think of him like my family. But how do I know it’s him?
 
Rabbiteater jerked. He had thought—the [Lieutenant] turned and stared at the page.
“Ah! A response. Hm—do you have proof?”
He looked at Ser Solstice. The Goblin’s fingers trembled as he tried to write. A clumsy scrawl, but Talia had helped him, and Numbtongue.
 
I am Ser Solstice. I do not know how to prove I am me.
 
The [Lieutenant]’s mouth worked as he read.
“Er—I think a personal name or details would be—”
