Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 18
Numbtongue himself joined in later, and improved the song. However, it was their song. It was a song Kevin had played with Numbtongue when they formed the world’s first Human-Goblin-Bird rock band. He was pretty sure Octavia and Mrsha had both participated too, come to that.
It echoed down through the Troll caves, an imperfect recreation of a rock song from back home. Nevertheless…music.
The Goblins were staring at Kevin. Taganchiel’s eyes opened wide, then he began to smile. Atter’s head began to nod to the beat, although everyone’s ears were still ringing from the drumbeat.
Somo stared down at the little Human. Slowly, and quite deliberately, she adjusted her weapon and shield to cover her ears. Kevin just grinned. It was a mad, nervous smile. But if he was going to die, at least he’d given it a shot.
The song was halfway through and he was wondering if he’d have to play a second one or if the Trolls would just attack. Then he saw something. One of the Trolls was moving.
It was…nodding. Exactly in time with the beat. The others were giving death-glares, but one Troll was just standing there.
Vibing to the beat. That was why Kevin thought there was a chance they might live. And sure enough—
Thum. Thu-Thum. Thum. Thum, Thum…
The drumbeats were less loud. The Trolls started. One raised a weapon and Somo raised her hammer, but then the warriors relaxed. Because they heard it. The drummer in the darkness wasn’t calling an attack.
They were copying the beat of the song! Replacing the recording’s drumming almost perfectly! Kevin’s head rose. He exhaled. Then he began to grin. He fumbled for a second song with a drum beat from his song collection.
Poisonbite just looked at Kevin and the smartphone. She checked the Trolls, her daggers, then sheathed them. She shrugged. Then sat back to listen.
“This Human. Pretty good. Chieftain should buy Calescent stupid spices.”
Taganchiel rubbed at one ringing ear. He nodded.
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin closed the door behind her, and the sounds of furious pursuit died down. She looked ahead, and found herself in a bare room.
Not empty; there were cushions scattered around, an actual cork board with pinned up bits of paper, and so on. A pair of windows let sunlight in, but curtains had been drawn. The sole occupant stood at the back of the room. He didn’t see the Wind Runner, because his eyes were closed.
The young woman just gazed at him, mouth open, much like when she’d disturbed the Merfolk. Yet if that was one thing…the young man’s eyes opened wide after a few seconds. He still missed Ryoka, oblivious, lost in his own world.
There he stood, tapping his foot to a beat only he could hear. Ryoka saw the person he truly was, no illusions, not here in his home. How could she describe him?
Thin. Thin and tall. Lanky, in every sense of the word. Wiry where you’d expect superlative muscle, and so young. So young, compared to the only other member of his species that Ryoka had met.
She couldn’t take her eyes off his face. His skin was dusky orange, like the sky before it set, but blazed with evening—then faded. Of course, that wasn’t the first thing you noticed about him.
Yet his body began to sway. At last, his heads rose.
He began to sing.
 
“I~, I have a secret. And it’s you.
I~, I know it’s never just me alone.
It’s been gnawing at me for so long
Because I’m not honest with them all;
It’s not one, but two.”
 
