Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 23
Mrsha saw a group of Antinium Soldiers  barring the way as Bird spoke to a huge figure in a giant room beyond them. They stared at him. The huge figure shifted. And Mrsha heard a deep, female voice.
“Bird? Why are you here?”
He waved.
“I have come for Garry. He should come and see.”
A Worker froze as he wheeled out some chocolate treats he’d bought from Erin. The Free Queen stared down at Bird. At Mrsha. At the Antinium behind him.
“What are you doing, Bird?”
“I am being me. I know you said you would kill me if I saw you again. But I wanted to say goodbye. Goodbye. And thank you. You are not my mother. But you might have been a good one. I wish I could have heard you sing. May Garry come with us?”
Mrsha heard an intake of breath. The Free Queen looked upon her, and Mrsha beheld one of the last Queens of the Antinium. For a second, the Queen paused. Then she lifted a feeler.
“Go, little bird.”
Garry came with them. Staring. And Bird led them back. Out of the Hive, through the main entrance. Not the secret tunnel since they wouldn’t fit.
The Antinium walked through Liscor. And Drakes and Gnolls stared. Humans backed away, pale-faced. But then they watched. Bird led the Antinium out of the Hive. Painted Antinium. And—Antinium with no paint.
They followed him. And he led them through the streets, out the gates, past the [Guards] who shouted questions. But everyone knew the answer.
They were going to the inn.
 
—-
 
Bird walked through the hallway, past staring guards. He walked past Grimalkin, who slowly turned his mirror and nearly dropped it. He walked past the adventurers, past Wailant and Viceria having a drink, past Hawk, who backed up.
“Bird? Pawn? What’s going on?”
Erin’s eyes widened as she walked out from behind the counter. Palt nearly moved to block her, reaching for his wand. Montressa and Beza grabbed their weapons. But the Antinium had only eyes for Erin.
“Hello, Lyonette. I do not know why Bird brought us here.”
Pawn spoke to the [Princess]. She smiled at him, but then she looked at Bird. Everyone did. And Bird smiled.
“I am taking them to the hill, Erin.”
There was no ‘may I’, or other explanation. Just a statement. Erin opened her mouth. She looked at Bird. And she nodded.
“Good.”
Bird led them through the door, into the garden. The Antinium stared around the sanctuary, and Bird led them up.
Onto a hill with bright yellow flowers. Where the statues stood. The Antinium, hundreds, stopped, filling every part of the hill. And they beheld the circle of Workers, protecting the young woman who had lived that night.
And more. More statues filled the grass. Antinium. Caught in poses, one playing chess with Erin, nameless, another group of Soldiers standing together, fighting.
There was no Yellow Splatters. But the [Sergeant] looked at his glorious company, the hundred who had died. And he shook and said nothing.
Garry looked at Anand. Belgrade held Anand’s hand. Slowly, the four Workers completed the ring of bodies. They stood there, facing outwards, each in a different pose. As still as the statues.
Mrsha sat in the middle. There was nowhere else in the sea of Antinium. And in a way—it fit. Not even Erin was here; there was no space. This was a time for Antinium. And the little Gnoll, a privileged witness.
“There is no paint. On any of them. They are just stone.”
That was what Pawn said at last. He turned his head. The Antinium statues were indeed blank. They had every line and detail of them correct. But they had no color.
