Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 25
“How do they stack up?”
“We can take ‘em, Wing Commander.”
Lieutenant Kesa opined. She kept chewing on some long-bladed grass from the Floodplains back home. Always some of it in her mouth.
“Obviously, but how do they stack up otherwise?”
Embria had her opinion, but she wanted them to say it so she knew she was right. Igissi looked at her fellow [Captains] and gave a reluctant answer.
“…They’re pretty good, Wing Commander. Not veterans, but for a first-time unit? They just flipped up Drisshia’s tail and gave them a spanking. Not that they ran into Drisshia’s best, but…”
But that’s what happens when you give average Soldiers armor? Vell spat, and Embria nodded. She felt a twinge of unease in her stomach.
“Just so long as they win the war…let’s head on back.”
“Glad we didn’t have to bail them out.”
Pielt muttered. No one particularly argued with that.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Leader]
 
The first battles in the ridgeline were messy, and Olesm hated them. He couldn’t see any of it. He was stuck coordinating the attack, and his training had prepared him, but this was the first time he was coordinating a battle where he didn’t see the attacks and maneuvering.
It threw him off, but he had officers on the ground who were supposed to deal with that, so Olesm’s biggest move was keeping an eye on the entire battle.
One of the things he did was to check each group’s advance as they clashed with the Hectval alliance’s forces hiding in the ridgeline. They were skirmishing, trying to bait groups into following them and getting lost and surrounded. Olesm refused to let it happen.
“Ramia, slow down. You’re coming to another intersection—Belgrade, prepare to link up. Scout Leader Maksie, do you have eyes?”
He waited and then heard three voices in quick succession.
“Slowing down. I see movement on the far end.”
“Commander Olesm, my forces are moving to meet Division Leader Ramia’s. Pausing two hundred feet from intersection. Please give word to advance.”
“Commander, I am moving into position. Forty seconds to eyes.”
Each one had a different style and cadence. Olesm waited, listening to more reports filtering in. He was timing them so that if an attack came…they wouldn’t be unsupported.
Advance and secure each pass. It was like a puzzle. Some [Strategists] wouldn’t try this for love or money, but Olesm had guessed that Hectval hadn’t put as many troops here as the passes. They probably wanted Olesm to slow down so they could turn this place into an impassible barricade.
Olesm wanted to take the ridgeline as fast as was safe. But the real test, the real fighting?
He didn’t see it. He heard it, and it was obvious to Olesm that one group was under attack the most.
“Prognugator Dekass. Reporting a second attack. Battalion 3 is holding.”
“Commander Olesm to Tersk. Slow your advance. I want you to prepare to reinforce Dekass’ lines.”
“Prognugator Tersk. Acknowledged, Commander.”
Olesm was overseeing Ramia and Belgrade’s link-up when another voice came down the line.
“Prognugator Dekass. Forces are retreating. Harassing fire from cliff face. Minimal casualties.”
Olesm snapped around.
“Someone get me a [Scrying] spell on Dekass!”
The [Mage] capable of the spell hurried to a scrying orb. It took five long minutes before Olesm saw another line of Drisshia’s soldiers clashing with Dekass and archers on the cliffs.
“Dekass, hold out. Pull our sharpshooters and take those [Archers] out. Pull one lightning-bolt [Mage] as well.”
