Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 9
Yapper looked over the woman’s shoulder at the comatose man. The [Nightstalker] looked over her shoulder and laughed incredulously.
“Him? So you’re actually taking orders from an [Alchemist]? You’re a shit gang. Fine. Question two. What do you know about the heist with the door in Stitchworks?”
Yapper’s eyes widened.
“That thing? Nothing. I swear! We heard some big players were coming south. And I knew a guy who said some of the Brothers from Remendia were coming, but I didn’t hear anything about it.”
“Really. Any of you know what went down? Anyone?”
The Sister swept her blade across the alley. The men and women shook their heads rapidly.
“Fine. How big’s your gang?”
“About…forty?”
“Really? So you’re just starting. What’s your angle? Protection money and helping that shit [Alchemist] steal all the business? That’s all you layabouts do?”
“Not much longer. Mister Quelm has plans. We’re going to pay a visit to the other [Alchemists] later.”
“And do what, exactly?”
The Sister of Chell listened impatiently as Yapper stammered. She shook her head.
“Fine. But what about the door?”
“He didn’t say nothing about that, Miss. Just said to leave it be. There’s a crazy [Innkeeper] on the other side. She’s got Gold-ranks staying at her inn. Mister Quelm says it’s too much work to deal with at the moment. He just wants that Octavia gone.”
“Huh.”
The [Enforcer] frowned. That was surprisingly restrained, even for a low-level gang. But if it was being run by an [Alchemist], the man probably still thought he could control his crime. Just muscle out his competition. Sooner or later someone would take over who was a serious leader. Maybe even Betram, if he hadn’t just lost his leadership role and manhood. But it seemed like this really was just a coincidental thing to their real investigation.
The Sister of Chell clearly agreed. She wiped her dagger on Yapper’s front as the [Thief] stood, paralyzed, and sheathed it in disgust.
“Fine. We’re done here. If I find out you lied, I’m coming back and cutting all of your balls off. We don’t need anything from you lot. Stay out of our way. ”
She turned and walked out of the alleyway. The [Blackguard] followed, and the pale-faced group stared as the [Enforcer] tipped his hat. He looked apologetically, but without any hint of sympathy at the silent Betram lying on the ground.
“I apologize for the rudeness that was done with. Sorry about the disturbance and shame on your friends, gentlemen, ladies. Good morning to you all.”
And then he followed the Sister of Chell out of the alley. The gang stared at his back, and watched as the three disappeared into the street.
“So we’re back to square one, it seems.”
The Brother strolled up to the [Nightstalker]. She glared at him and nodded, annoyed by the entire ordeal.
“Useless cowards, that lot. They’re only a starting gang. Not even big enough to scare the Watch.”
“It all starts somewhere. Give them a few months or a year and there could be a hundred. Forty’s big.”
“Probably some [Bandits] got wiped and the stragglers came here. Who cares? They don’t know anything. What’s next?”
She’d clearly been expecting the Quelm angle to yield fruit. But the [Enforcer] was used to coincidences that turned out to be nothing like this, so he just shrugged.
“There’s the door. Odds were always that something on the other side got our teams. And it being inconveniently a Drake city, my associates didn’t get any valuable information. I was thinking of travelling to Liscor and seeing what the scene was there.”
“And waste a day of travel?”
“You could always go through the door.”
