Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 17
If Klbkchhezeim of the Antinium had been in the same room as Az’kerash the Necromancer, and the two didn’t instantly try to kill each other, they would have found a bit of common ground to stand on. And that was because the error in the Chosen’s mentalities were similar to the Prognugators not of the Free Antinium.
“Venitra. Kerash. Both of you have attempted to defeat Belavierr with your weapons and the abilities I have granted you. But you have ample time to prepare. Fifteen minutes before Belavierr attacks. You both attack within less than a minute of studying her. Do you…have any improvements you would like to make on your strategies?”
The Necromancer looked around the empty ballroom where the training session was being conducted. Kerash and Venitra looked at each other. After a moment, Venitra raised her hand.
“I could throw a rock at Belavierr, Master.”
Peril Chandler stared at his creation. Venitra hesitated.
“A large one?”
“Ijvani.”
“I—could attempt to use a teleportation spell to get close with her, Master, like Venitra was attempting and then—”
A slash of the hand and the skeleton mage stopped talking. Az’kerash turned.
“Bea?”
“…Plague spores, master?”
The [Necromancer] put his head in his hands. He realized, too late, that his Chosen were single-minded. Of course—he had made them that way. He looked up, eyes glittering.
“What about…the artifacts?”
The Chosen glanced at the table piled with magical items. Just a sample of the rings, wands, pieces of armor, even scrolls and other expendables taken from the Necromancer’s collection.
“But you have given us weapons, Master. They are the most suited to us. Why would we use lesser objects?”
Ijvani raised her staff and the other three Chosen nodded. The Necromancer looked at Belavierr. The Stitch Witch glanced up. And she said only one thing to Az’kerash.
“You gave them arrogance.”
The [Necromancer] met the orange, ringed glow of Belavierr’s eyes. He stiffened, and then nodded slowly.
“I did. That was an error. My Chosen were not made with the capacity for—independence—in mind. They would always be monitored.”
“Make the others better. And dispose of these ones?”
The Chosen shuddered as Belavierr’s gaze swept across them. They had learned to fear her. Az’kerash spoke curtly.
“No. Belavierr, have you anything to add? Some insight?”
He waited. Belavierr tapped at her lips. And that mortal insight she had gained since losing her immortality made her smile.
“The skeleton is smarter than all of the others.”
That made the Chosen’s eyes flash. And the Stitch Witch smiled. Az’kerash shook his head.
“Perhaps seeing him fight you would be instructive, Belavierr. Ijvani, where is Toren?”
“I do not know, master. Sweeping?”
“Sweeping?”
Ijvani nodded.
“Sweeping the hallways.”
“Hm. Find him and—”
“Creator?”
A whisper ran through the ruined ballroom. Belavierr’s head turned. The Chosen went silent. And Az’kerash’s head turned. The Necromancer smiled.
“Devail. Have you completed your exercises?”
“Yes, Creator. Am I to learn to fight?”
And there it was. Something stepped out of the corridors. Not one of the old Chosen. Not Toren. The four undead stared with…hatred…at the new figure.
A new Chosen. A new undead.
Devail was unlike the others. An experimental undead. But made with his potential in mind.
Az’kerash had taken only flesh to make Devail. Flesh and scale, and no bone. It should have meant that the tall figure holding the rapier had no structure whatsoever. It did mean he was far lighter. But magic meant that all he had was muscle and skin.
