Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 43
N: Now that you mention it, I’ve only been following along the last few days. Things are picking up here. I’d actually confess I have no time for a <Quest> unless you have one relating to The Dyed Lands…?
E: Nope. Too new. Sorry. That’s good. I’ll let you know if I need a favor, but it’s like that. Let’s catch up tomorrow? Good game.
N: I see, now. Just one more thing. Have you seen Paeth on the news?
E: Yes! They were so cute and cool! If I ever get to Baleros or if I can meet those Fraerlings—I’ll have something to give them. I was working on it today.
N: What is it?
E: A great joke.
 
Then she put aside the message scroll, but kept up the sporadic, quiet clicking of pieces on the chess board. Erin played for a long while before she picked up the second object on her desk. Her heart pounded harder, but when she triggered the activation rune and spoke, it was easier. And she smiled almost instantly, after the heart-wrenching moment of…
“Um. Hey. Is this thing on? It’s me.”
“Erin Solstice. I trust the vultures have not unduly troubled you of late? I have made subtle intimations to keep them away, but the most arrogant of the lot are baying dogs, some too close to remove, such as Grand Strategist Chaldion.”
Fetohep of Khelt spoke so casually, it was as if they were back in his palace and she was just a voice in his ears, a floating ghost. Erin stopped to wipe at her eyes.
“I—it’s just like we’re talking again, Fetohep. How are you?”
His voice was soft. Kind. Tired, she thought.
“Khelt trembles with all that has come to pass, Erin. I have spent half a month restabilizing it. I grieve. I work. It gladdens me to hear tidings of your inn. A certain Gnoll child pesters me from time to time.”
“Mrsha?”
“She is—more precocious than most of the Gnolls who have come to Khelt.”
“You took them in? Of course you did. That’s…I think Khelta would be proud. All of them would. Serept especially.”
“I believe…you are correct. Queen Xierca was the one I thought of. You knew her as much as I. This is something she would have done, I think. Stood upon the borders and welcomed them with open arms. For the deeds and what they have done, nevermind the friction.”
Erin’s eyes stung, but she was nodding even though he couldn’t see it.
“Yes. Absolutely. Fetohep, it’s so hard here. But I’m levelling, and I remember—can I help you? Do you need a quest?”
And again, the ruler hesitated as much as Niers had.
“—Khelt is not ready for such tasks. Khelta has left me with her own designs. We have been weakened by the battles and losses of this world. All have, but I will say no more, even between us. You surely understand. In time—yes. I merely hoped to exchange words with you.”
“Anytime. Do you—do you really talk to Kevin regularly?”
“I…had exacting designs for my bicycles. He is something of a conversationalist. This was when Khelt was largely untroubled.”
“You don’t hafta explain it to me, Fetohep. Kevin’s great.”
“I-indeed. On that topic, I have one thing to ask you, Erin Solstice. And it is pressing. I believe I know your answer given your class has not changed…”
A slight sound that made him stop. Erin clutched at her desk.
“—They all vanished, Fetohep. All of them. There was no one to give the classes.”
He was silent so long that Erin knew he understood as much as she did. Fetohep’s voice was level, without tremble or variation. But it did still change.
