Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 33
“[Memory-Fixed Words]. As I was saying, the method of forging iron into steel is the following—this will not be on the test since you will remember this part—”
The students groaned as the lesson was embedded in their long-term memory as if the teacher had smacked it into their skulls. The [Teacher] sighed. What would you do without Skills, eh?
 
—-
 
By the time Nsiia was done touring the school, she had decided that it might be useful. In some ways. She still believed an apprentice learned more from a master, but if there weren’t enough masters…
Tiqr would need to rebuild and many of the high-level craftspeople were dead. Perhaps this would be better.
That was a thing long in the future, though. If it would even come to pass. But it gave her something to imagine and hope for.
The other First Crafters of their state had arrived, so Femithain had to go to the senatorial palace now. Nsiia was not permitted in the room where the First Crafters and lesser representatives would debate, but Femithain gave her run of the old palace.
And posted a squad to make sure she didn’t leave by accident. Nsiia bore it with good grace. The old building had plenty of murals and historical artifacts, anyways. It was half government, half museum.
“What is there to see, Senior Guardsman?”
She spoke to one of Elbe’s [Guards] who had been assigned to her. Even the City Watch had its Illiverian twist to it; the patrol had a Security Golem attached, a rock-hewn giant, crude, but armed with a club. It might fail to catch a fleeing [Thief], but no one was about to give it lip.
In Tiqr, some of the City Watches had used hyenas instead of dogs. Hyenas were scarier.
The man flushed; like Dellic, he seemed used to being the inferior class and Nsiia’s respect for his rank was unprecedented. He touched his wide-brimmed steel helmet-hat and pointed.
“The old Testing Champions are enshrined along that hallway, Empress. Begging your pardon, Highborn. They’re what most come to see. Crafters and layfolk all.”
Nsiia nodded. She walked down that way and came to one of the features of the palace.
Old Golems lay or stood, some in pieces, others simply…done. None were functional, but all were the greatest Golems of Illivere’s past.
The first Golem was actually so hot it permanently warmed the palace. In the summer, the windows were opened to vent the heat. Nsiia read the plaque.
 
Obsidel, the Magma Golem. Autonomous-Gladiatorial Class. Victor of 8 Testings. At rest.
 
She looked up—and the Golem was alive.
No—not alive. Just…resting. Obsidel had been a Magma Golem, the rock of it’s body permanently heated. But it had broken—or malfunctioned over the years and two thirds had turned to slag. The rest glowed as its Golem heart still functioned, but it would never move again.
People had actually placed semi-precious gems, or little tokens, figurines made of clay, in front of the Golem. They treated all the champions here with respect. Especially the living ones.
Nsiia found it strange and disturbing. She knew of Tiqr’s people who treated great animals with respect. Even as superior beings, like the Rocs, or Grand Elephants, or other mythical animals. But Golems? She saw the [Guard] patrol bow to Obsidel. It sat there, mindless, waiting for instructions that would never come.
It was sad to her, but Nsiia said none of that.
There were typical Golems, crushing ones with hammers for arms, weird ones like the Golem that was a horse armed with a lance—it had won one victory—and even Golems that relied on more than just sheer might.
