Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 16
Relc grinned. It had been part of his success. He knew and met everyone as a [Guardsman]. The [Trader] sighed.
“I was too late. But I’ll put that hundred gold down—sooner if you pay for something else.”
“Nah. I’ve got what I want. And I need to buy my kid a gift. A new saddle, maybe. She likes horses.”
The big Drake chortled as he scooped up puzzle after puzzle and put it in his belt pouch. The last was a wire puzzle, infinitely complex. The two wires were tangled together, even fused together in places, seemingly. You had to pull them apart by performing infinitely complex tricks—even putting them in water to get them to separate.
“Ooh. Magic. I wanted this for ages. Hey, how hard is it?”
“Ullsinoi, the creators, rate it at Tier 8 out of 10. You’re not solving this in a month, Relc. And you can’t brute-force it like the other puzzles.”
The Drake gave the [Trader] an arch look.
“I never do. Although…I bet I could break the puzzle if I felt like it.”
“Yeah, sure. And I’m…”
The Human eyed Relc’s arms and decided not to push the point. The Drake waved to the man.
“Thanks! Come next month! I’ll have more money and so will you!”
“If I’m not Platinum and retired? Sure!”
The two laughed as they walked off. Relc hummed as he tried to undo the wire puzzle, walking down the street. This was his first stop after signing that Gnoll woman up. She’d been interested in his sales pitch—not so much his best pickup lines.
Oh well. Embria still hadn’t found him so she was working. The Drake paused for a moment.
He’d solve the puzzles later. Right now…he was hungry. And he wanted to talk to someone. So he went to the only place he thought of these days.
The Wandering Inn.
 
—-
 
Ponzi schemes. Pyramid, multi-level marketing. The concept was simple. Money was shuffled around and for a while, it looked like the system worked. But like all flawed things—it collapsed.
It had to. These things were designed to go down like a fireball. And the masterminds would scurry away with the money while everyone else got hurt.
Oh, you could profit off of it. If you were on the ground floor, you’d make lots of money. That was why it worked. The illusion lasted just long enough to make it appealing.
But it was really a gamble. Someone had organized this. Someone was gambling that they could take everything and run before it fell to ruin. And when it did—people would lose everything.
It put a black taste in Palt’s mouth, even as he smoked and talked with people in Pallass. The Centaur was affable, sharing out joints, talking to…people.
“The Golden Triangle? My friend, I was one of the first people in Pallass. I’m not Platinum-rank or even Mithril-rank. I’m Orichalcum. The next is Adamantine.”
The Gnoll puffed out his chest as he took a joint. Palt exhaled a plume of smoke and it swirled around the fellow.
“And after that? I assume there’s an even higher rank?”
The well-bedecked Gnoll with a new, fancy suit, multiple magical rings on his person and stars in his eyes, blinked. He was new to wealth—he had been a common [Sigilist] before. Someone who carved runes into stone. He had not done the enchanting, lacking a [Mage] class, but he’d made good money.
Now he was rich. One of the highest ranks in the Golden Triangle. The Gnoll hesitantly smoked on his dreamleaf cigar. Palt blew more smoke out of his lips. It was…orange-pink.
“Nice cigar. Is it magical?”
“Actually, it’s one of my more expensive items. Dozens of gold per each. Want a puff?”
Palt offered it. The Gnoll greedily took it.
