Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 57
Lulv leapt. Olesm was riding at him—until a [Fireball] engulfed him. The Drake was flung from the saddle, saved only by Hedault’s charm. When Crusader 51 could see, Tersk was lying down. Lulv tried to behead him, but a dozen arrows made him dodge away.
“Target down, not necessarily dead.”
“Fight! Fight!”
He leapt, and Crusader 51 looked up. A grinning Gnoll soared through the sky as the Painted Antinium began to fall back. Manus’ [Soldiers] were falling too, but the Painted Antinium…
They were dying. Starfold raised his spear, and Spearmaster Lulv calmly deflected it. He landed. Looked around and spotted a second Antinium. The entire division was falling back, but Crusader 51 saw the Gnoll raise his spear—
And throw it.
“Target down. Two, three out of four? [Sniper]?”
“Dead, sir.”
“Good. Fall back. Hit those Painted Antinium.”
The [Soldiers] retreated, calmly disengaging as [Archers] with enchanted arrows aimed them at the Painted Antinium. Crusader 51 looked around and saw one of the former [Acolytes] left, kneeling, staring at the dead. The Painted Antinium fell back, dragging Zimrah away.
The next day, the Painted Antinium, less than sixty of them, left. And Crusader 51 lost hope.
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
“How good are they?”
The [Spearmaster] asked one of his officers as he watched the Painted Antinium’s first battle. His forces didn’t participate.
They watched the Alliance getting battered. Lulv was looking for important targets, but he didn’t see ‘Yellow Splatters’ or ‘Pawn’ in the mess.
“Sir. They remind me of Oteslia’s Wildfriend Scouts.”
One of his officers answered. It was an appraisal that few would ever give, especially a Drake from a Walled City. Normally, the line was that Antinium were rabble; dangerous, but more like beasts.
Lulv would have kicked whoever said that off a cliff. That comparison wasn’t an insult, either.
Scouting elites were dangerous and scary.
“Wildfriend? I remember them. Give me a comparison.”
The Drake shrugged, chewing on her lip.
“They’re…unified. See how they react so fast? Makes me feel like they have eyes in the back of their heads. Every damn bird is an eye for the Wildfriends. Let’s say less mobility, more numbers, and more toughness. But that kind of feeling.”
“Huh.”
She had just said they were as good as one of the veteran scouting groups from a Walled City. Lulv took it and agreed.
“They’re decent warriors. I want bombardment spells.”
 
——
 
Manus’ [Soldiers] watched as the Alliance sent a first assault in, and the Painted Antinium tore them up. The Luldem officer was screaming insults at Lulv, and he ignored him.
First wave tires them out. The hidden [Mages] were preparing to strike. When Lulv went through the enemy lines, he was grinning.
The Painted Antinium were the Free Hive’s best. Manus’ [Soldiers] came after him, roaring, their blood up.
You are warriors! We acknowledge you!
The first bombardment spells hit the Antinium lines as Manus went in. Bombardments, using the Alliance as a screen—
We know you’re good. So we’ll fight you with everything we have.
Two dozen [Soldiers] under Lulv’s command went down as the Painted Antinium threw their Skills against his. That damn [Sniper] died. Lulv threw himself into the fighting, ran through Tersk.
Killed two of those strange Antinium. The Painted Antinium didn’t seem to realize why they were losing. They were strong, high-level…
