Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 1
A void so vast and open he thought he would fall upwards into the fading orange beyond.
The Soldier beheld the Altar Room, and it was just as he’d known it would be. Yet…not the same.
There was no good food. No smiling young woman. The inn was dark. A Terrible Thing had happened.
Someone had hurt the [Innkeeper]. The person who made Painted Antinium possible, who had made this place.
The Soldier had never known her. But for all that he didn’t have…all that he had never known he wanted—he had volunteered for this.
The Soldier was the fifty-first Antinium to kneel in front of Pawn. When he looked up, he didn’t see much to set the [Priest] apart from another Worker. Oh, he had clothing instead of a loincloth and a few more scars on his chitin than a new Worker. The Soldier was almost disappointed—until he heard Pawn speak.
“Will you take up arms to defend the Hive? To do battle against our enemies? To become more than a Soldier? We are all bound to fight and die for the Free Hive of the Antinium. This is something else. When you march, you will march away from these walls. You may never return. But you will fight, and struggle, and die for something that belongs to you and all of us. Heaven. In this life and beyond. If you do not have that will, if you do not believe, go.”
It was the same line he had heard for the last fifty Soldiers and Workers in front of him, word for word. But when he looked up, the [Priest] looked at him.
No one had ever looked at him like that. The Soldier looked at Pawn and remembered the word.
Heaven.
Somewhere without fighting. Without dying or pain. Where food was good and everywhere. Where the little fuzzy things roamed about and no one would order you again. Incomprehensible, but what he had understood…called to him. As well as the rules.
You could not enter Heaven by dying alone. It was something Pawn had found, and it came to Antinium—but you had to wait. Wait in the darkness, fighting things, eating the same food…all for the reward that arrived only when you died. That was intolerable.
That was why you dreamed of joining a patrol, seeing the sky, and eating a bowl of soup.
Someone had shot the sky with six poisoned arrows. Someone had stolen the Soldier’s bowl of soup. He had not known Erin Solstice. But for a bowl of soup he never had, for the first moment of anger, the feeling that someone had taken something good from him, the Soldier looked up at Pawn.
For a dream of Heaven, a Soldier of the Free Antinium knelt.
A [Crusader] rose in his place. He turned and walked past the line of waiting Antinium, feeling…odd. The Workers and Soldiers looked at him as if he were different, and he was.
He was a [Crusader] now. A warrior of faith.
He had no paint.
He had no name.
But since he was a [Crusader], the Soldier decided he was Crusader 51. It would do, like Archer B12 or the other not-quite-named Antinium.
51. It was not 1, or 5, or 10, or even 50, which were bold, round numbers. Iconic. 1 was the first. 2 was second, which was almost as good. 3? Three was a trinity. Four was a quadruple number. Five? Five was half of ten and quintuple of one.
…You could do that for a lot of numbers, incidentally. Fifty-one? The Soldier had no notion of its intrinsic value. But he decided it was the number to have. Fifty was good, but he was one after that.
Fifty one. He liked it. Then he realized seventeen went into 51 three times and felt special.
