Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 4
A Selphid stared up at the bright, blue skies. She wobbled out of her seat and rolled over on the moving deck. The undead [King] stared at her as she waved at something past his shoulder.
“Hey. Heeey. It’s me. Yerranola. Wil—he’s got a decision.”
A [Lord] unsteadily rose to his feet. He was still drunk. But he had made his decision.
“King Fetohep of Khelt—I accept your terms. But—may I beg some of your time? We have one last place to visit. A shipwreck. With treasure. Not as glorious as yours—or more glorious, actually. May we visit it first?”
He was doing his best to be polite. The ruler of Khelt, the immortal undead, Fetohep, eyed Wil’s unfocused gaze. He spoke, curtly.
“By all means. What is time to one such as I? But I have your word?”
“Yes. Three swords, right?”
“…That is what I said.”
Wil Kallinad nodded a few times. He looked for Captain Lasc, who’d passed out in his cabin. Vaguely, Wil waved his hand.
“We sail to Chandrar! After the last shipwreck.”
He clarified and the awake drunks cheered. Some people on deck woke up and spat curses. Fetohep saw a figure standing next to the steering wheel jerk up.
“To Chandrar!”
Merrik swung the ship’s wheel around. Wil’s face went slack as his friends turned. The boom swung across the deck. Wil ducked. So did Feshi. Peki, Venaz, and Yerra didn’t.
Fetohep of Khelt saw the three go overboard. There was a splash, confusion—the [King] sighed. He looked at Wil and turned away.
“Mortals.”
 
—-
 
An Alluring Prize; a Sailor’s Nightmare
 
Drunken excitement. Incredulity. The first day, The Emerald Signet was chaos. But as the second day dawned, aching heads led to purpose. The ship set sail; for there was one last shipwreck to investigate. And Fetohep, overly patient and perhaps, regretting his generosity, had allowed it before their transit to Chandrar.
But the ship was in search of a final treasure. And—if you thought the excitement was at a fever’s pitch, it was even higher. Because Wil and his friends had a thought.
The final shipwreck might contain something even greater. What that might be, only Wil knew. And he refused to share. But his anticipation was a physical thing.
A Dragonship.
So the Storm Ship, eagerly led by Captain Lasc, sailed off in search of that ninth and final shipwreck. They had a ways to go. The first day of the final leg of their journey was libations.
The second was hangover, planning. And on the third? There was a battle.
Under the sea, two Drowned Ships clashed. Captain Therrium of The Passing Shadow led his crew through the waters. The Drowned Folk swam out of the magical field protecting their ship. Into another pocket of air. They hit the decks, showering water, and locked blades with the enemy crew.
In near-silence. The two ships fought in the dark waters. Therrium, half-Eel, swung his sword with vicious grace. Each time he locked blades with another enemy [Depth Sailor], an electrical current shocked his opponent, running though his enchanted blade.
His [First Mate] was just as deadly. Half-starfish, she cut and hacked with two blades, a hatchet and shortsword, eschewing safety. Her wounds began to heal and she was fearless. Even when the enemy [Captain] hacked half the fingers off her right hand, she just slashed with her other axe.
The fighting was short, fierce, and bitter. But not bloody—at least, not as much as it could have been. The other [Depth Captain] surrendered, presenting her blade to Therrium. The Drowned Man grimaced, counting the wounded; the other ship had surrendered rather than be slaughtered.
“You sail under my command now.”
