Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 9
The others groaned as the now-familiar voice of Noass began speaking. Sometimes he would cut to fascinating things like the battle in Jecrass, but the King of Destruction’s armies still had to move and clashes were fast and usually not caught ‘live’ as it were.
And it was a week still before the drama around Lord Bein’s infidelity would come to a head. Wil saw the broadcast cut to a [Bard], who bowed towards the audience and began to declaim.
“Oh tribes. Venaz, turn it off. I cannot handle another Terandrian ballad, no?”
Feshi groaned as she covered her ears. The Minotaur sighed. He slapped the scrying orb into his bag of holding.
“What then? Another game of damn chess? Go? Shogi?”
“No, no, and no. Can’t we get drunk?”
“I’m bored of being drunk.”
Merrik slammed his cup down. The others nodded. Venaz cast about for anything else.
“Swimming then? What about a simulated battle, Wil?”
“We’ll just get left behind the ship again, Venaz. And we always argue about how we run the simulation.”
That was true. The Minotaur flopped back down on deck and stared vacantly into the horizon. His hands moved.
“It’s just—we need—figurines. Like the Professor has. And rules. That would make it easier. Some way of…of deciding arguments, instead of which battalion would win an engagement.”
“Like a board? Sounds like a game.”
“Yes! But…”
The Minotaur trailed off. The others leaned on the table. Bored, bored, bored. None of them looked at Wil, but he sat there. Staring.
After an indeterminate amount of time, someone spoke.
“We’re nearly at the next spot, ladies and gents. Captain Lasc wants to know if any of you’ll be wanting to watch the proceedings?”
Delivan, the First Mate of The Emerald Signet approached the table with the bored students. Wil looked around.
“We’re here?”
The sea…didn’t look too different. Ah—but wait. There was a distant rock. And something like an island in the far distance? It was precisely where Niers had written the shipwreck might be. Wil rose to his feet.
“I’ll go, of course. Captain Lasc has my gratitude.”
“The details were exceedingly precise, Lord Kallinad. Anyone else? If you’ll be wantin’ to dive, we can get some of the suits rigged. Excepting, well…”
The man looked at Merrik, Peki, and Venaz, all three of which wouldn’t fit the diving suits. Wil saw all three wave their hands.
“I don’t think that will be necessary, Delivan. But I will watch. Anyone coming?”
The others looked at each other. Yerranola rose.
“I’ll come, Wil.”
It was mainly friendship that made her speak. The others shook their heads. Slowly, Wil, the [First Mate] and the Selphid walked off.
Alongside one section of the deck there was a bustle. [Sailors] were congregated around a group of [Divers] getting ready to jump into the ocean. Some had suits on—with helmets made of glass and metal. Others? They were practically naked, stripping down, only taking a single glass bottle plus a stone or weight to help them sink. Yet more had an amulet.
[Divers]. Bottles of compressed air. Diving suits. Or just Amulets of Waterbreathing. There were any number of techniques to brave the ocean even if you weren’t a Drowned Person. And The Emerald Signet, which had been hired to help Wil investigate Niers’ list, was specialized in recovering shipwrecks, among other things.
