Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 26
The thing about Guardsman Relc…in a sentence…was this. He was still a Senior Guardsman. He didn’t enforce the law like Klbkch. But he had earned his rank. He had spread the Golden Triangle through Liscor because he was Relc. To the same people who had voted to give him the rank. The Drake clenched his hand on the bag of money. Then he shook his head.
“No. No. Miss—there’s been a terrible misunderstanding. Listen. The Golden Triangle…is a scam.”
He didn’t believe it himself. Part of him hoped he was wrong. But the Gnoll woman’s eyes widened. And Relc felt the illusion fading. Like a magic curse on him, only one made of lies and words. Hopes and dreams. He breathed out.
“Here’s your money back. Spread the word. It’s fake. Don’t give money to it. Listen—”
That was the first house he visited. The first house was easy. Relc held the little bag of coins. Then he went into his apartment and got the rest. At first the pouch jingled. Then it was thin.
Empty. But there were more houses. The Drake walked. And never saw the shadows creeping up on him from behind.
 
—-
 
“This is a disaster.”
He believed. It did not take him long. Palt had given the speech to Grimalkin and talked for nearly forty minutes before the Drake saw the enormity of the problem and gotten him an audience.
But Chaldion believed in ten minutes. Not because he was better with numbers, but because he believed in the worst. That was a [Strategist]’s job. And when he believed—he acted.
“Magus Grimalkin? Send word. I need a [Senator]. And the Watch Captains on duty. Every one of them. Call for an emergency meeting of the Assembly of Crafts, on my authority. The Watch Captains will arrest these high-ranking members of the Golden Triangle at once.”
Palt stood in the [Healer]’s clinic as Chaldion tried to rise. She came in.
“Grand Strategist, you cannot leave. You need to recover…”
“My leg is nearly healed. I’ll address the Assembly from this bed if I must!”
The Drake snapped at her. He struggled to get up, but the Gnoll woman pushed him down with one paw. Grimalkin nodded.
“I can present the information, Strategist. I’ll be back.”
He was muttering a [Haste] spell even as he left. Palt saw him flash out the door. The Centaur shuffled his hooves.
“Can I assume Pallass will take action, Grand Strategist?”
“At once. You have my word. The other Walled Cities will need persuading. I can just see some of those idiots in Salazsar refusing to believe…but this Golden Triangle dies in Pallass today.”
The Drake snapped. He lay back in bed as the [Healer] fussed around him. The Drake looked up at Palt.
“So Wistram knows?”
“…The Academy might. But my Master sent me specifically. My…faction is privy to a lot of information the rest of Wistram does not have, so I was sent immediately, Grand Strategist. I have no doubt the Academy is combatting this situation as best they can…”
Palt smoked from his cigar—until the [Healer] snatched it from his lips. He sighed. He had to be cagey in representing Wistram. Chaldion just looked at him.
“I am sure they are. Well, you have my thanks for your faction.”
His tone made it clear it only went that far. Palt nodded.
“My investigation is complete, Grand Strategist, and I have made my report to my master. Er…as much as I was able to discover.”
“You don’t know who is behind this fraud?”
Palt winced.
“No, Grand Strategist.”
The trail had gone cold from the Adamantium-rank Dullahan. He had persuaded her to tell him how she’d gotten wind of the scheme—but it was just coincidence.
