Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 28
“Igheriz! Hrome! I come to meet this Pisces! What do you whisper about?”
The Emir himself burst the bubble, beaming, and the two [Slave Masters] looked up. Igheriz smiled, or tried to.
“Of course, we are lecturing Pisces to behave, Riqre. He has a tongue!”
“Ah, such men do. I have ways of dealing with that—but let the Naga do what he wills! Pisces Jealnet. I wished to meet such a man like you, who is a class as close to mine as possible.”
Pisces twitched. Riqre was all silk, all smiles but he was…insane. You could see it in his eyes. There were no inhibitions to him. No sense.
“[Necromancer] is close to [Slave Master]? I…do not see the similarity, sir.”
Pisces held his tongue as best he could. Riqre laughed.
“Is it not? Then—perhaps—you have not delved deep enough into your nature, young Pisces! I thought you would see after meeting the Putrid One’s power. Do you not?”
He looked disappointed, as if that exchange had been a test and Pisces had already failed. The young man licked his chapped lips.
“How so?”
The Emir actually leaned down over his camel’s back. It was some kind of magical breed; it flickered and left afterimages as it walked, like some kind of desert illusion itself.
“Why, the truth that Igheriz and Hrome fail to understand. I hoped you would see it. If you were a kindred spirit, I would have insisted Igheriz sell you to me so we might join understandings. Alas. Shall I tell you? Perhaps you will one day come down my road! Igheriz and Hrome will, if they grow stronger.”
His eyes tried to draw Pisces in. Igheriz started and Hrome grew more nervous. Riqre was not a typical slave master, even by their standards.
“What truth?”
Pisces whispered, curious despite himself. The Emir Riqre smiled.
“Why—simply that there is no law. No limitations. Roshal, even Roshal pretends there are. Do not treat your [Slaves] in certain ways. Do not feed some the meat of the dead! But look what they create!”
He pointed at the bound [Carrion Eaters], a class Pisces had never heard of. Riqre tsked softly.
“Dark deeds. Like necromancy. They say they are dark deeds, Pisces. Dark deeds reward themselves in time. Surely you know that?”
He looked at Pisces. The [Necromancer]’s head jerked.
“I—do not perform acts of evil.”
“So he says. So he says!”
Riqre straightened, disappointed. He turned.
“Then you know nothing. You will see. We will detour in my home. Then I will change all your minds, Igheriz, Hrome—and you, Pisces.”
He rode off without a backwards glance. Igheriz stared after him, and Hrome looked for his [Mage]…who was carefully riding among Riqre’s [Magicians]. That was how Pisces’ caravan found itself among the deepest depths of Roshal’s kind yet. Where even Igheriz feared to go.
 
—-
 
Pisces was able to just see how Riqre created his…people after that. It might have amused Pisces to see Igheriz and Hrome realize they were smaller cats who had finally encountered a lion…if it were not so dire.
The [Slave Guards] had always slept with weapons close to hand. The day thereafter, it seemed as if they rode with their fingers glued to the hilts of their swords. They refused to go near Riqre’s caravan unless ordered, and flinched when one of the [Carrion Eaters] twitched or worse, glanced their way.
For the [Slaves]? They began to walk with their eyes closed. Never mind if they fell or stumbled. They let themselves walk, using the tether of rope for guidance.
If they could have prayed, like Pawn, Pisces was sure they would have prayed. Without it, they only feared.
