Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 11
What they saw was a huge Drake in armor with more muscle than any two of them combined charging at them with spear-raised. Their ears went flat, and the little group of youths bolted, shouting.
“Break it up. No fighting! Blah blah you are warned!”
Relc shouted after them. Routine. He went back to the two combatants who’d frozen, blood on their fur, and raised a finger.
“Fighting is bad…when you’re not paid to do it. Wait. When you’re not on the right side of the law. Fighting…okay, don’t punch each other in public. Got it? There we g—”
Pos skidded around the corner, saw the two Gnolls, and swore. Relc saw him sprint forwards, check one with his armored body, and grab the other with a club raised.
“You two are under arrest! Where are the others, Relc?”
The Drake snapped out of routine, looked at Pos, and stared at the Gnoll on the ground.
“Hey, they’re just fighting—”
“Another damn fight! In the street of all places! How many were there? You are under arrest. Relc, cover that one. Where are your manacles?”
Relc opened his mouth. He looked at the Gnoll on the ground as the other one growled a protest, backing away from Pos.
“We weren’t attacking anyone! We’re not in a gang!”
“We’ll find out about that under truth spell. Even if you’re not in a gang, you think you can just beat each other up like savages? You know the law! You’re just lucky a [Shopkeeper] didn’t call for us, or that would be a charge on top of—I said, don’t move!”
Pos raised the club. The Gnoll ducked backwards, clearly looking to run. All things considered, Relc would have blocked him. Instead, the Drake was bending over the older Gnoll that Pos had run into.
Just winded. He was looking at Relc, but not getting up.
“I’m not resisting.”
The [Spearmaster] gave him a blank look.
“I can see that. Pos. What are you doing?”
The Drake gave Relc a look.
“Where are your cuffs? Don’t tell me you lost them! Here!”
He fumbled for his iron manacles at his side and the younger Gnoll tried to run for it. Two things happened in that moment. Pos whirled, with the power of a Skill and swung the club.
Relc yanked it out of his claw. Pos missed and the Gnoll ran—straight into Relc’s arm. He bent over the immovable limb. Relc shoved him back and turned to face Pos.
“Relc!”
“Hold on. You stay there. You can sit up.”
Relc pointed to the two young males, who were both looking worried. They froze as Relc turned to Pos.
“You were about to lay him flat. What’s the problem? They’re kids. It’s an alley-fight. No one had a knife.”
“They’re brawling. You don’t think they’re a hazard?”
Pos was glowering at Relc. He hesitated as Relc, rather than get angry or retort, gave him the blankest look imaginable.
“…Let me get this straight. You want to haul these two to the Watch House, test them about being in a gang when I’m sure they’re not via truth spell, and then write a report and toss them in a cell or something? Or have to visit their parents?”
Pos opened his mouth. Relc stared at him. Then he offered Pos the club and looked at the Gnolls.
“Get out of here. Don’t punch each other. In public.”
The two Gnolls stared at him, as much surprised as Pos. Relc made a ‘shoo’ gesture with his claws and they ran for it. Pos inhaled, but one look at Relc again and he snatched his club back.
“…You really don’t like extra work, I guess?”
He gave Relc a side-long look. Relc just shrugged.
“You let that little [Thief] off with just a warning. I thought you’d appreciate less paperwork.”
“That’s…dif—okay.”
Pos hesitated, bit something off, and muttered. He was still breathing hard as Relc ambled out of the alleyway.
