Interlude – Two Rats
Page 11
She whispered the word so quietly not even other Gnolls walking down the street could have heard. And the [Armorer]’s eyes shone.
“It is a thing we thought Gnolls were cursed by. But not only you, but I hear this Ferkr of Pallass has gained it. Two [Mages]! Perhaps—perhaps it may take away from the worth of our gift. But the spellbook speaks for itself. And we have more to offer. Things we learned from your Miss Erin, and, hopefully, the worth of Krshia Silverfang being part of Liscor’s Council! That would be hugely valuable in itself.”
Mrsha nodded seriously. But her heart still fluttered at the idea. In Liscor, people had feared her as one with white fur, the sole survivor of a tribe, marked as a Doombringer, a cursed one. And those were City Gnolls. Those who lived in tribes, the Plains Gnolls, would be even…but Raekea was holding Mrsha’s hand tightly and reassuring her.
“It will be fine. Perhaps Krshia might even ask our Chieftain, her sister, to name you as one of our tribe. Not to forget the Stone Spears of course. But what she plans is to show the others that white fur is not cursed! The Raskghar prove that. You saved our people. Come to that, we will bring some of the dead bodies. Proof of our hated foes. That too is great worth. Although it is not something to be proud of.”
She shuddered and Mrsha did too. She had been there. Raekea paused and bent to nuzzle Mrsha with her furry cheeks. It was such a Gnollish thing to do—Mrsha couldn’t remember when that had happened last. With Urksh? She clung to Raekea and the [Armorer] whispered.
“I’m sorry. I should not have brought that up, no. You still have nightmares? Elirr tells me he does. But they are defeated. And if they should return—no—we will erase them, from this dungeon and wherever they hide. The Pride of Kelia, they have sworn to Krshia to hunt down the Raskghar, yes? The adventurers will find the last of them in the dungeon and destroy them.”
That made Mrsha feel better. But she did still dream of the Raskghar. Of Nokha, and the ritual. And yes, sometimes she woke up in fear, thrashing, until Lyonette held her. It was almost as comforting to see Raekea’s face. Because they spoke as Gnoll to Gnoll. Raekea paused, then pointed at Mrsha’s belt pouch.
“Your little rats might be suffocating. Take them out, yes? No one will mind.”
Mrsha did just that. The two rats came out, blinking in the daylight. She poked one and it squeaked. The look on its face and the timing made both Gnolls giggle, Mrsha silently.
 
—-
 
Air! The sweet rush of it filled the rat’s lungs. And daylight! A foreign land lay before them, one made of light and giants! Had they reached some land of titans? The two tried to flee, but their captor held them tight.
What irony! That they should find a land beyond which they had ever dreamt of, with sights and places unimaginable to go! And yet they were captive. Prisoner. Above them, the largest titan chuckled as the small one tossed the rats up and down.
“Now, let us find the one we seek. For we may be Plains Gnolls, but we do battle as City Gnolls here, Mrsha. And with words we must take a place on the Council. It is power, and respect and yes, benefit to the city that drives us. Not vanity alone.”
And the white Gnoll nodded, and the two walked until the drifting people of the city of Liscor became thick as flies, and then a living, breathing mass. A crowd, listening in a place where four streets met. And in that place, two sides argued, one Gnoll and one Drake.
So spoke the Drake, with fury and ire.
