Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 12
“Uh…what’s down there, Somo? What got the Thousand Warriors Clan? Somo, what’s there to fear, exactly?”
She licked her lips as her Ogres led her unerringly towards the entrance to below, ahead of the Humans who had spotted them. The Ogre came to a stop, and pointed, as the stone changed, and they found a tiny crack in the foot of the mountain. That led to strange, ghostly granite, so hard even Poisonbite’s dagger could make no impression. Down into darkness. Down into the deeps.
What did Ogres fear?
“Drums. Drums in the darkness.”
 
——
 
Ryoka Griffin missed meeting Fithea. She was actually busy with work, but she gave orders that Ryoka Griffin be admitted past the Golem Sentries in this private wing of the palace.
Not the Order of the Thirsting Veil, which made them mad as could be. Ryoka also wondered if this was against Rhisveri’s orders.
She had not missed the way the Wyrm looked at her when she taunted him with the magical obol. However, he had refrained from summoning her instantly.
Fithea, though…she looked at Ryoka differently. Like, well, the last member of a dying species seeing hope for the first time. It bordered on maniacal, having gone way past obsessive.
Ryoka just hoped it would help. Meanwhile, she realized she had just been invited into the immortals’ wing of the palace.
And there were no minders. Ryoka hurried along the corridors, and noticed a few things at once.
“…Good gracious, it’s dirty here.”
No cleaning staff were presumably allowed here, so it looked like someone literally just blasted a tidal wave spell through the corridors every now and then. Ryoka suspected that because of the streaks of dirt on the marble.
And feathers. Someone had a feather problem. Even…dandruff? Huge dandruff. There were discarded seeds here and there, footprints…
Ryoka Griffin wished she had slippers as she padded bare-foot down corridor after corridor. Yes…this was definitely a lair of multiple people. It even had an entrance from the Court of Masks.
Of course. Sophridel, the Elemental of Masks, ensured their secrecy. It was the caretaker of the Court of Masks. Rhisveri was the ‘boss’, or at least, the first among equals. Probably the boss.
So what was Fithea? Refugee? Guest? Another sharer of power? Gilaw…she was younger.
A lot younger. Compared to all three, she was practically a baby. Still old enough to pretend to be a Great Knight and dangerous as all hell if a light kick could nearly kill Ryoka, but the Wind Runner’s senses were not to be fooled.
She was still not an expert on the wind, her running was arguably surpassed by the best of both worlds, and so on, but she was probably a reigning expert in immortal studies. She could tell Gilaw was young.
Who else was here, though? That was the question. Ryoka got her first answer soon enough. She came to what looked like a hallway leading to various activity-rooms. The sound of splashing water hinted at a bath, or pool. Ryoka peeked into open doorways; there weren’t many doors here, although she’d passed by what might have been the living quarters back a ways.
“Library. Huh. I wonder if there’s an immortal librarian. If it’s an orangutang, I’m leaving. Let’s see. Is that a greenhouse? Wow—oh.”
She nearly stopped in the verdant place, which was probably Fithea’s, but the pool was on the other side and Ryoka just had to look inside. She peered through the door, and saw a huge, just, multiple-olympic-pool sized body of water. No…a practical lake in itself. Was there a dimensional spell on the room?
