Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 36
A naked [Druid] stood on the roof of the inn, putting on his robes. Mrsha learned something interesting about him. About [Druids].
Nalthaliarstrelous didn’t care. Or rather—he had thought Bird was just shooting the birds and leaving them to die for fun. When he heard that Bird would eat each and every one, his wrath had abated.
“All things die. I object to waste.”
He explained to Mrsha. On the other hand, Shassa had been horrified to learn about Bird’s one-bow crusade against all that flew. She was explaining to Bird about conservation of species, nests, and so on. Nalthaliarstrelous’ mental thoughts were dismissive. He sat with Mrsha on the roof, listening to the cheers as Teriarch bellowed for a rematch. Foul! He hadn’t been trying!
The [Druids] ignored the silliness. Nalthaliarstrelous nodded to Bird.
“Shassa is wrong. That Antinium cannot kill every bird in the Floodplains. The smart ones already fear him. I sensed that and assumed he only cared for sport. They will learn to avoid him.”
Mrsha didn’t know if she agreed with that. But Nalthaliarstrelous was, in fact, a proponent of hunting.
“Animals kill each other to eat. Only those of us like Shassa want people to eat leaves all day. And she is a Drake.”
He grinned at Mrsha. Lyonette huffed onto the roof after extricating herself from the mess in the inn. She saw the Human [Druid]—now thankfully clothed or there would have been trouble—peering around the Floodplains.
“This is not my place, little landfriend. But if I had to solve one issue of this land…no [Druids] reside around Liscor.”
“Gee. I wonder why. Excuse me, but Mrsha can’t stay with you fine [Druids] forever!”
The [Princess] stomped over to them. Nalthaliarstrelous glanced up at her.
“This place would be better for our kind. Now I look at it—perhaps we should have come earlier. Now I see.”
His eyes flashed across the Floodplains. Mrsha saw lush grass, butterflies, flowers—not many trees, but a nice place to run about if you didn’t mind Shield Spiders and Rock Crabs. She sighed.
She was banned from going out. Stinky Lyonette and Erin said—
Tap. Nalthaliarstrelous’s staff touched Mrsha’s head. Lyonette made a sound. But the [Druid] just looked at Mrsha.
“Just as well. There are threats here to children, even [Druids]. You lack judgment. Even we follow rules.”
She was tough! Mrsha made a fist. Nalthaliarstrelous raised his staff. She…lowered the fist. Lyonette lowered her fist. The [Druid] paid no attention to her. Nalthaliarstrelous’s head turned once more.
“How problematic.”
What was? Her? Mrsha poked at him. The [Druid] didn’t respond for a second. Shassa came stomping across the roof.
“What a monster! He doesn’t see how many birds he’s killing!”
“He eats them. Maggots and all. You could learn from them.”
Lyonette made a sound. She stood up.
“Bird? What did I tell you about—”
The [Hunter] fled. Shassa blanched. But Nalthaliarstrelous was just frowning. He had sensed something. And Mrsha waited. At last, the Human [Druid] rose.
“Shassa Weaverweb. Mrsha of the Stone Spears Tribe. I am minded to call together a circle to debate a grave issue I see.”
The Gnoll blinked. She hadn’t expected that. What grave issue? Shassa was just as taken aback. Her gaze swung to Mrsha.
“A circle? But there are just three of us!”
“Three is enough.”
“But she’s not even recognized. She’s only—”
The Drake saw Nalthaliarstrelous’ eyes flash.
“She is a [Druid].”
“She is too young.”
The female [Druid] protested. Nalthaliarstrelous shook his head.
“This is her place. Would you exclude her?”
