Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 7
The hunt began as the [Emirs], [Slave Masters], and great friends of the Emir and he himself began to hunt the Grand Elephant. They cast enchanted spears from carpets or rode on horseback if they were more daring, because the bull elephant soon began to prove that it was not herd-less for lack of strength.
The thick hide resisted even low-grade enchantments. And the great creature rampaged at the servants and [Hunters], crashing through lines of pikes, even boar-spears. An [Archer] shot an arrow through the animal’s head, but even a [Piercing Shot] only lodged in the bone of its skull.
The Emir watched, using a wand as he and the others hung back, watching the battle take place. Hundreds of spears were cast, and a number of enchanted ones, and the elephant’s strength wavered.
Still, it fought on. And the Emir paused to remark that this beast was equaled only by one other. When enquiring minds of his friends asked which one, he nodded at the wounded Grand Elephant, still fighting.
“I once had the pleasure of meeting the former Empress of Beasts and her great friend, Thef. A Grand Elephant augmented by Skills. Yet this lone bull fights alone and without.”
Indeed, the Grand Elephant did not flee or give in, even as its blood ran across the ground. Eventually, the hunt brought it to its knees. And still, the mighty creature raged, swatting down the [Hunters] daring enough to close to try to finish the job. No poison had been used for fear it would ruin the meat and besides, it was a hunt, and poison was not sporting.
It was as the jaws of the hunt closed and the great bull was finally breathing its last that the Emir raised a hand. A Human hand this day; he cried out for all to hear.
“Enough! Halt your spears! Bring me potions and salves!”
The confused [Hunters] and servants stopped. The Emir called out again, and bewildered, his servants rushed forwards. Had he been hurt?
No. The Emir demanded they apply the best potions and salves to the elephant. The animal was tended to by potions worth more gold than those that held them. Within ten minutes, it was on its feet.
It was said that the Emir and the bull looked at each other as the bloodied but healed animal stood. Then, Emir Yazdil nodded to the creature.
In response, the Grand Elephant charged and would have trampled the Emir and gored him in an instant if it were not for the Emir’s foremost servant. The Emir was quick on his feet, but the elephant far greater. But his dedicated bodyguard (of whom more will be said later), seized him and leapt upon a carpet.
The Emir was flown away as the bull elephant rampaged about for another minute, then stormed away. In much chaos, the hunt dissolved, with the friends of the Emir not sure what to think.
They found him laughing, beside himself, as he watched the great elephant go. In much good humor, the Emir turned to the others and explained.
“Such a fierce animal—I couldn’t bear to see it turned into meat, and the tusks ivory! It was a champion among its kind, and I was honored to have met it.”
Bemused, one of his companions who dealt in both animals and people remarked.
“There are a hundred [Beast Masters] who I could summon to make that beast worthy of riding palanquin upon, Emir Yazdil. Just say the word and I will make that animal twice as strong, with hides that would defy even the greatest [Lancers].”
The Emir smiled and shook his head, for he was a Human today.
