Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 24
“Sort of. I can do this, but it’s not that impressive.”
Ceria picked up her glass of blue fruit juice. And instantly, it was a smoothie as the cold from her hand enveloped it. Montressa smiled slightly.
“Now do that with spells. Pisces had a—deeper mana well. It’s fairly impressive.”
“Oh? Well—he hasn’t needed to use it that much. We fought a few natural Golems…”
The two looked at each other. Ceria’s words drifted off. She coughed.
“Well, why don’t we call Pisces over? He’s not doing anything.”
Indeed, the [Necromancer] was trying to imbibe as much as possible as Ksmvr stared at Cade and the boy stared back. Montressa shook her head slightly.
“No, that’s alright. I’ll wait—um—”
The painful conversation was interrupted by Beza scooting over fast. The Minotauress wasn’t that furtive, but she was doing her best.
“Montressa! Mon—oh.”
She saw Ceria and hesitated. Montressa saw her old…friend…step back.
“Let me give you a moment.”
She wandered back to her team and was soon engulfed in the laughter. Montressa turned, feeling isolated. But Bezale’s eyes were focused.
“Montressa. I think I just spotted some guests.”
“What? There are tons of—”
Montressa had had a few too many drinks. So her mind took a beat longer than it should have. Then she focused.
“Impossible.”
“You think so? This inn has people from Invrisil in it. And I distinctly heard one group—over there, you see? Seven of them? They were arguing about whether this pizza ‘tasted like it did back home’.”
The Minotauress indicated a group of young folk around Montressa’s age. The [Aegiscaster]’s eyes narrowed. They…fit the bill. Around sixteen to twenty six on average, Human…her heart began to beat wildly.
“The Solstice effect.”
“The what?”
“Magus Grimalkin has a theory. I was talking to him about—never mind! If they are from…we have to do something.”
“Too right. Let’s grab them when they go outside to the outhouse, throw them in the prison cube and run for it.”
Bezale cracked her knuckles. Montressa looked askance.
“Bezale!”
“I’m not taking risks. This would redeem us both, Montressa. And then some!”
“Yes, but you want to start something in this inn? With three Gold-rank teams, Erin, and everyone else?”
The Minotauress hesitated. She glanced about.
“Then what?”
“Wait. Confirm they’re guests. And then—find out where they’re staying. We make them an offer first, like Erin. They’ll jump at it! Come on, we need to get closer…”
Montressa began to look for a good place to listen in. Thankfully, Palt wasn’t about to interfere—the Centaur was helping cook some food in the kitchen, having been press-ganged into the job by Lyonette. This was their moment. Montressa began to cast a listening spell. It went right past the table with Typhenous and the two men in hats. One of them actually leaned out of the way.
“Something wrong, Ratici?”
The Drake adjusted his cap.
“Listening spell. Not on us. Continue.”
And the inn was merry. Oh, there were any number of little plots, intersecting goals—but it was a party! And that was strange.
Because Erin Solstice hadn’t arranged the party. She was in her room, moodily playing chess. Aside from greeting her friends—she hadn’t organized the convivial mood in her inn in any way. Perhaps it was a function of her class—or the reputation of her inn—that her guests instantly began to celebrate any occasion like this. Even without her.
But then—that was why it was just a nice atmosphere, not Erin Solstice’s brand of contagious excitement. The inn depended on the [Innkeeper]. But she was—
