Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 5
Wil walked next to Feshi and Cameral, Umina trailing him with Marian walking by her side and Venaz dejectedly bringing up the rear with Yerranola. Some of the other members of the group passed them by, but the rest were just looking at Umina and Wil.
They were all getting worried because the summer break was coming up and a huge question loomed over all their heads. Or rather, two. Umina’s heart was still pounding. She’d thought it would be today. She’d thought and—
Venaz was the first to break the silence. He looked up and spoke, gesturing back to the classroom.
“You have to ask! It’s a test of courage—no, self-worth! The Professor is testing you two. He wants you to ask when it will be! Mark my words!”
“I know. But I really thought it would be today!”
Umina shook her head. Marian sighed loudly.
“He’s teasing us! You know he’ll let you ask when it’s time, Umina! Ignore Venaz.”
“When I’m right?”
Venaz was outraged. Marian turned and glared at him. But the spark wasn’t there. She looked over at Wil. The young [Lord] was shaking his head.
“Maybe Venaz is right. This is just like the Professor. Maybe we should ask.”
“You should! Everyone from our class wants to know what you’ll ask!”
That came from behind and lower down. Everyone jumped and turned to look at Merrik. He wasn’t that short—he was five feet tall which still placed him well below everyone but Umina, but Dwarves weren’t actually super short. He stroked his beard as he stopped with Peki, a Dullahan, and one of the Centaurs in his class.
“We’re all waiting for the answer to the questions! You haven’t asked already? Everyone in our class would!”
They all fell into step, arguing as they went down the corridor. Marian was shaking her head.
“You mean, Umina and Wil should demand they have their question? You want to do that to the Professor? In front of everyone?”
“It’s a test. He’s checking your willpower.”
Venaz asserted. This time Peki and even Jekilt and Kissilt were nodding. The Drake glared at Wil.
“You need to march up to him and demand it! It’s clearly what he wants.”
“Maybe. Or maybe he really is busy. You know he’s been running around every day since Daquin.”
“…True. I haven’t seen the Professor so busy in a while. Everyone wants a piece of him after the game. But even so!”
The arguing students came to an abrupt halt as they descended from the second floor to the first. They had caught up with the teachers. Perorn, a Selphid wearing a Dullahan’s body, and Niers Astoragon were all conversing with…no one?
Wait. It took most of the students a moment to realize that they were all turned and speaking to someone. Even though they were used to her presence, it took them even longer to make out Foliana, head of the Forgotten Wing Company. Three-Color Stalker, famously hard to detect and even more famously odd.
The teachers didn’t even glance up at the students; after all, they often conducted business in the citadel that pertained to the company as well as instruction. Foliana on the other hand looked up, and gave the students an unblinking stare. Her multicolored eyes stopped the group in their tracks.
“Well? Go on! Do it!”
Kissilt hissed at Wil and Umina. But everyone had stopped. Three-Color Stalker was staring at them and everyone knew her reputation. If Niers was the legend of [Strategists], Foliana was the nightmare of everyone who commanded. She’d killed thousands, it was rumored. She’d eat your favorite food and then kill you. It was her sign. Umina prayed that Foliana would never eat squid.
“He’s right there. It’s a perfect opportunity.”
