Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 5
“We’re small, but try to hurt us, run off, or do anything stupid and we’ll kill you. Frankly, I’d have put you out of your misery already, but it’s not my choice. You are…a guest of Paeth, until we figure out if we’re going to kill you after all or let you go somehow. You are my biggest headache ever. Nice to meet you. Now you can talk.”
Luan’s mouth worked. He stared at Ekrn, and the little man gestured impatiently.
“Cat ate your tongue?”
“…Water.”
Ekrn stared at Luan as the man croaked. Then he sighed.
“Dead gods damn it.”
 
—-
 
Noa was a [Sentry]. One of the Tallguard; she’d passed all her training, and she had earned her enchanted weapons. Crossbow, shortsword, and any number of tricks like the rope swings they used to travel around the perimeter of Paeth.
She was still low-ranking, and that was acknowledging that Ekrn wasn’t exactly the greatest member of the Tallguard either. Well—he was [Sentry Leader], which meant he protected all of Paeth from attacks. The name only fooled Tallfolk; the Fraerlings had no real army. Just the Tallguard.
She was in huge trouble, though. She sat, nearly two days after the Human named Luan had collapsed; it had taken him two days to wake up! He’d been treated, his infected wounds salved, potions and such administered.
So much. They’d carted it out, hundreds of healing potions and cauldrons of brewed salves and poultices for the best [Healers] to apply—those not terrified of going out, or being near one of the Tallfolk. The Tallguard’s [Healers] did a lot of the work, but a few brave souls had come out for the first time in their lives to gawk at the Human.
There were probably thousands watching. However, around her were only Tallguard. Occasionally her friends and comrades would slap her on the shoulder and jokingly say something.
“Nice job, Noa! As if we weren’t worried about food already!”
“Got any more Tallfolk you want to lead to our door?”
“If the Human relieves himself, I’m not shoveling anything. You can do that. We’ll get you a wagon.”
To her relief, that last hadn’t happened, but the hundreds of healing potions wasn’t an exaggeration, unfortunately. The Human had been more dead than not, and she’d feared Ekrn would just let him expire. However, the Sentry Leader had his marching orders from Paeth’s Architects and despite his irritation, he did have his own sense of honor. He was a warrior, and he’d seen how far Luan had come. Letting him die now? It had felt wrong.
Noa rose as Ekrn stomped out of the tent they’d set up to keep the sun from baking the Human—and keep predators from catching his scent.
“Boss, is he…?”
“He’s awake! And thirsty. Hey, I need kegs of water!”
“Kegs? Of water? What, you mean like our sentry provisions?”
The [Sentry Leader] shrugged.
“Something like that. Or we could run a hose from the city…? No, that’s way too far. Damn. Get me kegs! Barrels! Something to dump water into that Human’s mouth!”
“We could let him sit up…?”
One of the Fraerlings suggested. The others were scrambling; the Tallguard had provisions, but water was not a huge issue given that they had bags of holding. In the end, they filled up bags of holding or barrels that had to be emptied of other contents first.
“We’re letting him sit up. Damn Human’s weak as an aphid, though. He must still be thirsty, even though we pumped him full of potion. Noa, with me.”
“Um—what for, Ekrn?”
The Fraerling gave her a look.
“You started this mess. So I’ll be kitten-bait if you’re not going to be as miserable as I am.”
