Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 15
She had an enchanted crossbow and weapons; her armor was enchanted too. Amazingly enchanted. Almost no magical leakage. When Luan said that even a Gold-rank adventurer might not have six artifacts, while Noa had eight, she looked surprised.
“Why not…? Oh, right. The magical difference. ‘Tallfolk get all the power, but it shrinks by the hour. The small are meek, but our magic’s more complete’. That’s a nursery rhyme they teach us.”
“What does it mean?”
Noa grinned.
“It means we have better spells. It takes less magic to do what we want, after all! We can’t fight big, but we can do a lot of little things!”
That was how Paeth existed. Consider it, and it was easy once Luan got going. A piece of Sage’s Grass could make a healing potion for a normal person. Or help a [Mage] with a spell.
But imagine how much it could do for a Fraerling [Mage]. Power any number of spells they might want, and only one plant! Of course, obtaining such resources was tricky, but if you needed the skin of a salamander, one salamander was enough material for a week for the entire city’s worth of [Alchemists]!
No wonder they had so much resource. However, the rules of allotment meant that Fraerlings couldn’t build the city of paradises. That was the one complaint that they had. Too much magic attracted attention.
“That’s why we have allotment. And each citizen gets a vurel. More depending on their rank; but even kids get a set amount.”
“What’s a vurel?”
It was a kind of measure of magical power. Like…the amount of power in a [Fireball] spell for a Tallfolk [Mage]. Luan expressed disbelief, but Noa clarified.
“You get all that power per year. So how it works is—let’s say you really, really want a fountain that um, automatically purifies the water. You can put part or all of your vurel to that project if someone works on it, and it gets authorized! The Architects campaign on stuff like that; the [Speed] spell got approved because almost a hundred thousand people put part of their vurel towards it. No matter what Ekrn says—it’s great. See?”
She blurred and ran halfway up the wall, with her boots letting her stick to the surface. Noa waved down at Luan for a moment before gravity dragged her down. She pointed.
“I can run all the way up that building, see?”
It looked forty feet tall to Luan. He asked to see, and Noa’s face fell.
“I’d show you—but I got in trouble for doing it last time. A lot of people tried to copy me and they weren’t Tallguard. And didn’t have my boots!”
“I wish I could be here. This place is—amazing.”
“As amazing as Chandrar? Or is it Izril? Rhir? Drath? I don’t believe you’re Baleros if we’re all new to you.”
Ekrn strode over. Luan glanced at him. He hesitated.
There was a standing rule in the United Nations company that no one, not even close allies, knew about Earth. Not anyone you dated, not the Gravetender’s Fist company…no one.
It just made sense and he hadn’t even quibbled with it, like some who argued they should use their knowledge to buy favor with a company. Now, though, Luan wondered. Of all the people in the world, what harm would it be to tell Ekrn and Noa? They were Fraerlings.
And unfortunately or not, Ekrn had seen his smartphone. The Fraerling gave Luan a long look as they paused to eat; Luan had to watch. Noa had offered to sprinkle her sandwich crumbs into his jar.
“The Architects want your ‘Tallfolk’ powers to help us with some of the problems around Paeth. As if this solves them sweeping the allotment issue under the tree’s roots for the last few months…looks like you and I aren’t the only ones reading fairytales, Human.”
