Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 28
The Raskghar didn’t flinch either. So the audience hesitated, because each Chieftain realized what Mrell already had.
That was no monster. Or if it were a monster, it was in the same category as Goblins or Trolls. The Raskghar watched them.
“The Az’muzarre tribe has kept the Raskghar from harm—to them or from others. They are…uncooperative. However, you should at least know the truth of the legends.”
Theikha approached the cage fearlessly, although the bars, guards, and chains did keep her safe. The Raskghar stared at her as the [Shaman] spoke, her voice and the Raskghar’s magnified for the benefit of the room.
“You are named Asoma.”
When the Raskghar spoke, Mrell felt another chill. It—she was female. And she spoke.
Badly. Each word looked like it pained her. He had heard they grew more intelligent when one or both of the moons was full. They had been found in Liscor’s dungeon. Why had so much come from Liscor?
“Yes. I am Asoma.”
The Raskghar growled. She was sniffing Theikha, and the [Shaman] didn’t draw away, but even she didn’t hide the displeasure on her face.
Mrell couldn’t explain the horror fully at first. It wasn’t just seeing a monster; he had seen Crelers, and they were nightmares. The fear of the Raskghar was entirely different. It was like looking at a person…twisted. Like seeing all the mannerisms you yourself had, but sinister.
Asoma watched Theikha and licked her lips.
“You are Raskghar. You call yourselves that, don’t you?”
Unlike what Mrell would have done, Theikha didn’t pace around the cage or walk back and forth. She just leaned on her staff and looked at Asoma.
“Yes. We are Raskghar.”
“Why do you call yourselves that? Do you know what we are?”
The female Raskghar narrowed her eyes. She tilted her head and tried to hunch over, but the chains restrained her too well.
“Gnolls?”
Interesting. Mrell forgot his fear for a second. He saw some other [Chieftains] look around sharply and murmur.
“Why do you know your name and not ours?”
Theikha pressed. Asoma blinked at her. Her eyes were smaller, as if she didn’t need them as much, but Mrell thought she could move around in the darkness with perfect ease. Yes, a stalker, who would grab you and—
He realized he still had a hold of his sword and forced himself to relax. His [Shaman] was visibly trembling, but everyone was listening, now. Theikha was showing them this and conducting this conversation for a reason.
“Don’t know food’s name.”
There it was. That mad grin. This time, Asoma pulled forwards until the mithril chains clinked tight, but Theikha didn’t lean back. That seemed to frustrate Asoma, so she growled and snapped her head. Theikha looked at her.
“Why are we prey? Who told you that?”
Asoma growled.
“Don’t know. Smell it. Hungry.”
She looked around. Repeating the word.
“Hungry.”
“They sacrifice Gnolls and eat their hearts. To gain intelligence.”
Someone spoke; Chieftain Akrisa? No—her sister. Krshia Silverfang rose to her feet, looking down at Asoma.
“Why? How is that even possible?”
“Some dark ritual. It must be. Raskghar appeared during the dark years of our people. During the Age of Hiding—we dug deep. Deep, to escape dragonfire and Drakes. We were never meant to live belowground, but we did. It was a terrible era that drove many of us to madness, but we survived it. It is then that Raskghar appeared.”
Chieftain Ulcreziek rose to his feet. He knew his history, and other [Shamans] nodded darkly, even Torishi, who had been trained as one.
