Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 15
The two were hauling the gold and flowers into secret spots as Mrsha rolled down the hill. She stared at Lyonette taking the little metal vault over to a hiding spot with Erin and waved her paws urgently. Mrsha was muddy after trying to sneak-attack Viceria, but she was excited and happy.
“Not now, Mrsha, darling. Sorry. We have to hide this. Why are you filthy—Erin, you’re stronger! Lift your side more!”
“Lift with your back! No, wait, your legs!”
“How?”
The two young women couldn’t play with Mrsha. The Gnoll drooped. She sighed, turning about. Maybe she could lift with all the sweaty people? She walked out of the Garden of Sanctuary, and turned to see where Lyonette was hiding the gold.
A pair of hands grabbed Mrsha. She jerked—and a hand clapped over her mouth. When Erin turned around, the Gnoll was gone.
 
—-
 
The dark figure carried the struggling Gnoll out of the common room. It was so fast no one noticed. Mrsha wriggled, but the four hands held her tight.
“Aha. Now we have the little Mrsha. We will eat her. Probably. Even though fur tastes bad. Yes.”
Bird pretended to nibble on Mrsha’s head. She flopped around indignantly. Captured! By her arch-nemesis!
“Hello, Mrsha. I have got you.”
Mrsha glared up at Bird as her tail wagged as he took her to her and Lyonette’s room. Numbtongue was in bed because his head hurt. But you could always rely on Bird!
“What do you want to do? Play tag? No? Hide and seek? Ah. Then I have sought you. You shall seek me.”
Bird tilted his head left and right as Mrsha signed quickly. Obediently, she covered her eyes. She heard Bird running.
“Stealthy! I must think like the shadows! Flee!”
He was the best at being fun. Mrsha waited, closing her eyes and covering her ears. She also buried her nose in her pillow. She counted to one hundred, and then opened her eyes.
Now, where was he hiding?
Hide and seek with Bird wasn’t your ordinary game played by the ignorant peons who thought it was some casual activity. It was life and death. Numbtongue would play too, and all three were experts at hiding.
Bird was really the surprising one; Goblins were good at hiding and Mrsha was a [Druid] and [Sole Survivor], but Bird? Well, he just had great hiding spots.
Like—like hiding among the other Workers on the roof of the inn! Mrsha only found him because she smelled him. He got her when she squeezed into a cupboard in the kitchen—Palt ratted her out.
You were allowed to ask people where the other person had gone. It was only fair; the inn plus the garden was large. But Mrsha had one secret other ability.
When Bird hid the next time, she raced about, checking the gym, the roof, the garden—but she didn’t find him. She gave it ten minutes, and then gave up and used her nose.
Mrsha’s nose was incredibly good. She sniffed down Bird’s trail, and followed him into the garden. There, she realized Bird had pulled a fast one on her.
“Aaah! Aaah! You found me!”
Bird exploded out of the soil that Wailant and Viceria had dug up so they could plant their flowers. Both [Farmers] jumped as Mrsha leapt onto Bird. He smiled.
“My turn! I will find you!”
He had twenty minutes to do it. This time, Mrsha raced into her ultra-special hiding spot. Namely, a sack of potatoes in the basement. Bird wouldn’t find her here!
And he didn’t! The Antinium came close, but Mrsha had chosen a random sack and he couldn’t sort through them all; she’d buried herself deep. After twenty minutes, he had to give up and she smugly came out of hiding.
“You are good. But I will hide better. Away I go!”
Bird ran off and Mrsha counted to a hundred.
