Interlude – Two Rats
Page 8
Alas. They had paused too long. Moved too slowly. In a single bound she was on them and they turned, squeaking in alarm. For pity. For salvation. But the People of the Grain Sack, the rats were cowardly and hid. And the two were lifted up, up. And caught, in a paw almost as large as they were. They wriggled, trying to break free, but a vise stronger than steel surrounded them, carried them away, through the air.
Oh what cruel fate! What tyranny! The rats wriggled and squeaked, expecting their demise at the paws of the white-furred titan, the giant monster. They bared their teeth in defiance, before their descent into hell—
 
—-
 
Mrsha plonked the rats on the ground and happily pinned one with a foot as she inspected the other, holding it up by the tail. They squeaked and wriggled and she grinned. Look what she’d found! She glanced about and saw more scurrying. But since she only had two paws, Mrsha decided these two were enough.
They were lovely rats. Young, but fat and very active! Her eyes lit up as she shook them and saw them try to scamper away despite being pressed down. Now this was entertainment! She loosened her grip and one of the rats, the grey, shot away. Mrsha leapt after her and nearly dropped the other.
Whoops! They were quick! And Mrsha was well aware that if they ran, they’d probably disappear. She considered the problem and then her eyes lit up as she remembered something from her old tribe. It didn’t hurt to remember them as much. And this was something she’d used to…Mrsha bent over her captured prizes and they writhed and protested as she grabbed their tails.
 
—-
 
It was a small knot. But it was all that was needed. As soon as the titan let go, the two rats felt and saw what had happened. Where one’s tail ended, the other began. A knot captured the two. And yet, in that same instant, the constraining paws let go! They could flee!
But hubris and the mortal tale of self-interest was the truer captor. The two rats fled—in opposite directions. And they both felt the sting, the pulling pain and stopped. They were trapped by their own tails. Trapped by each other! They turned, snarling. How quickly did the bonds of siblings fall away? And the giant scooped them up.
What savage playacting at godhood. What contempt for mortal foibles! The two rats looked up and realized they were bound. Captive. They raced about, intertwined, two separate things made into one dysfunctional whole. And the giant smiled.
 
—-
 
This was really fun. Mrsha watched as the two rats tried to escape and kept pulling at each other. She prodded one and it recoiled, bumping into the grey rat. They tried to scurry off in tandem; Mrsha snagged the linked tails. They weren’t nearly as fast, tied together! She put them down on the steps and watched one trying to pull the other down.
Fun, fun, fun! She had new pets! Mrsha wanted to show everyone. Moore and Lyonette and Drassi and—she looked up and scampered with the two rats in her paws. She looked around the crowded inn when she returned to the light and kicked the trapdoor shut. The rats were still in her paws; they were quivering. Mrsha gazed done at one and realized it had pooed in her paws! Annoyed, she wiped her paw on the rat and looked about.
Now, Lyonette wasn’t here…probably in the kitchens and Drassi was busy. Moore was over there, but there was where Jelaqua was. And Maughin. Mrsha frowned impatiently. She wanted to show someone else! Who—
