Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 6
“I hope I can ask Fetohep what each of them do. They must have different enchantments. And—I might bequeath all of them away.”
Wil grimaced at the thought. But he had been debating for the last four days with his friends the most optimal way to use the bounty. Merrik looked shocked.
“You won’t keep even one? You can’t imagine how powerful a single blade might make you! I can’t imagine it! Are you mad?”
“We’ve been over this, Merrik. Wil is a decent fighter, but those swords are best used in the hands of experts. I myself would give them away if I owned them.”
Venaz didn’t look happy to admit that, but he had agreed with Wil. The [Lord] was nodding.
“I…I might give all three away. One has to go to the King of Pheislant. The monarchy would be offended if I didn’t. And it will boost House Kallinad’s reputation through the ceiling.”
“Damn. Politics over relics?”
Merrik spluttered. Wil raised an admonitory finger.
“It might deter Ailendamus. It’s smart, Merrik. The second blade? I might…give it to Lady Foliana.”
“Three-Color Stalker?”
Feshi was combing her hair. She glanced up. Wil nodded as the others inhaled.
“In exchange for the Professor giving me suitable artifacts or money in return.”
“Smart. As if people weren’t afraid of Lady Foliana enough already.”
Yerranola was lounging on a bed; Peki was the only one absent, being chosen to sit with the chest. They rotated every half-hour—every few hours at night. The [Storm Sailors] were keeping watch too, but Wil didn’t dare take his eyes off the chest.
“If I get anything, I’ll share it with all of you. Fair’s fair.”
“Aw, that’s noble of you, lad. And of course, we’ll accept.”
Merrik laughed and the others chortled. No false modesty here. The students didn’t look a gift-horse in the mouth; they immediately sold it off and counted their gold. Venaz glanced up.
“It will be worth it, just to say we participated in this trip. Let alone if we find whatever has you so excited for the ninth shipwreck. And to visit Khelt. I hear it is a paradise. But where might the third blade go, Wil?”
The Lord Kallinad looked embarrassed. He scratched at his head.
“Well—I might just make it a gift to the Order itself. But, um, I think it’d go best to my sister. Talia. She’s a Knight of the Summer. And the Order of Seasons would owe me a debt. If she refuses—perhaps to one of the Knight-Commanders. I doubt they’d refuse.”
“Smart.”
The others agreed. But Merrik looked wistful.
“If I didn’t think that Fetohep fellow was being serious, I’d risk swinging the blades about. Not to steal, but—I wonder if he’ll let us hold them? Just once?”
“We can always ask. He seemed rather reasonable. And generous.”
Yerranola smiled. The others looked at her, nodding. Feshi sighed.
“I wish I could go with you. But I can’t travel all the way to Khelt and back and expect to make it to the Meeting of Tribes. I’ll sail to Izril as soon as we make port.”
“We’re…passing by the House of Minos. Assuming this isn’t part of a trick, we could charter a ship from there, Feshi.”
Venaz glanced at Wil. The [Lord] locked his lips.
“I can’t say anything. But we’ll get you to the Meeting of Tribes, Feshi. Anyways, that’s my plan. I know it’s not dramatic—”
“But it’s smart. No need to die over the blades. I get it. I just wish I could own them.”
Merrik leaned back. He reached for a wine flask. Then frowned.
“Empty. Venaz, pour me something out of that keg.”
The Minotaur reached over and pressed on a tap. Nothing happened. The other students sighed.
“Who’s going to get more drinks? Not me.”
