Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 23
He did? Wil’s expression must have given him away, because Inky laughed.
“What’d he say to you? That Drowned Folk and [Sailors] don’t mix? True enough. But he didn’t tell you that when it comes to it, we’ll both drink from each other’s cups rather than let landfolk get the drop on us.”
And here they thought they’d been clever. Wil sighed. But Inky didn’t seem displeased. She glanced at him as he leaned on the rails.
“I’m sorry. We didn’t mean to offend you.”
“Ah, well. I admit, you’re not as bad as I thought.”
“Really? How so?”
Inky laughed.
“The first thing I was thinkin’ when I heard you were asking about me was which one of you it’d be. The Selphid? Not likely from how she acted, thought I. She likes you. The Gnoll don’t seem interested and it’s a rare landgirl who admits to liking women. The Garuda? Nope. So it was you, the Minotaur, or the Dwarf. I had odds on him or you being the gallant [Lord] who’d be kind to a half-breed like me. Invite me to your bed, sweep me off my feet. Marry me if I was lucky.”
She winked at Wil. The [Lord] said nothing.
“You might’ve lost your jaw on the decks, there, sir.”
“Why do you think I’d do that?”
Wil turned red. Embarrassed because she’d struck closer to home than he’d liked, even if he hadn’t been thinking of taking her to bed. Inky laughed.
“Why, because that’s how my ma had me. And Drowned Folk are an exotic fling for our passengers. We carry all sorts of noble folk. And they’re all too willing to try things at sea they’d never on land. But it’s a double blue moon before any of them take it further.”
“I’m—”
Wil halted on the sentence. He glanced at Inky and her look. And he didn’t say he was sorry. Because he had nothing to be sorry about. And there wasn’t much judgment in her gaze, anyways.
“Ah, an odd sort. The Titan’s students are different. And here I was, wooing you. All you had to do was say you were sorry and I’d have given it a shot.”
She grinned. She had two gold-capped teeth. Wil jumped. He stared at Inky.
“Now you’re teasing me.”
“Who, me? I was being serious there. Not often you get to snag a [Lord]. And Kallinad’s folk would mean you got to go back to the sea now and then. Mind you—I like that idiot better.”
“Which one of my idiots?”
A laugh.
“The Minotaur. He’s brash as can be. Wouldn’t be if he was one of the Minotaur crews. The seas beat that out of you. But—you landfolk’re alright. Invite me to your table. Captain Lasc doesn’t have enough work to keep me from it. And I’ll happily spin you all the yarns you want if you ply me with enough drink.”
She was—friendly. Wil found himself smiling. His impression of Inky from her shouting at Peki was all wrong. But that was often how to happened. Wasn’t that what the Professor said?
“Try not to let your first impressions shape what you believe to be true. Or rather—understand that they do and compensate.”
“Smart words.”
“The Titan of Baleros said them, once.”
“Well, he’d be the one. You’re not bad, young [Lord]. I had the wrong impression of you. But you’re still landfolk.”
The comment made Wil look up.
“…Am I doing something wrong?”
The part-Octopus girl laughed. She looked at Wil and shook her head in amazement.
“Of course. But all landfolk do it. Look at you. You’ve been at sea, what, three weeks? And you’re still mad. Cooped up. And you don’t see.”
“See what? What is there to see?”
Inky sighed. She dangled one leg over the railing and pointed.
“There.”
And Wil looked. He stared over the edge of the boat. And he saw nothing but the ocean. But of course, that was what Inky was pointing at.
The sea.
