Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 15
“But you know—when he died, people celebrated it. Because he fed the King of Destruction’s armies. The Walled Cities were happy that the first of the Seven had fallen. So was he a good person or not?”
“Mm…I never met him. But he did good things it sounds like, doesn’t it?”
The Drake looked at Erin. He smiled briefly, ruefully.
“That’s a good way of looking at it. Well, sorry about scaring your [Cook]. I was just playing at hiding, anyways. I’ll sit here until I have to go.”
“Who’s coming for you, Saliss? Is something wrong?”
For answer—the Drake put his claws over his eyes and sat down. He sat there, in that curious pose, with his back to the dome’s walls. Erin hesitated, but Saliss spoke before she could ask.
“I once saw a Drake girl do this, you know. She was as young as that little Visma. Sit in a corner and do just this.”
The [Innkeeper] stared at Saliss. He seemed to be as random and silly as people thought he was in this moment. Certainly, drunk and intoxicated. But she knew something of Saliss because she…liked him and felt a connection. So she listened as she sat down too.
“Why was a Drake girl sitting like that, Saliss?”
The Drake didn’t lower his claws.
“She was hiding from a monster.”
He peeked at her. Erin felt her skin grow cold. The Drake lowered his claws.
“A monster killed everything in her town. It left her—not because it missed her, but because it wasn’t hungry. She was just sitting like this. I nearly missed her. That’s the kind of thing you see when you adventure, you know.”
It was a familiar story. A horrible story. Imani—Erin looked at Saliss.
“You saved her, though? And you got the monster.”
He nodded after a moment.
“I killed it. It was…you know those half-things? Crawlers? Armored Crawlers, that’s right. It was a whole one. An Archmage’s experiment. If they eat enough, they complete. And it—had been complete before it attacked. Went right over the walls. It ate everything and began dividing itself.”
“What did you do?”
He bared his teeth.
“I killed it. That’s not the hard part.”
“How, though?”
“I don’t remember. I burnt it away. Melted it. Froze it, and blasted the pieces. And the little ones. I killed it dead—but the town was gone.”
“And the girl? What happened to the Drake?”
The [Alchemist] sat there. Erin was aware of voices coming through the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary], talking, arguing. Saliss looked past her.
“I took her to safety. I…don’t know what happened after that. There are lots of them, I’ve saved. Allegedly ‘saved’. Then I saw her again.”
“Where? Is she okay?”
The Drake didn’t answer.
“Zel Shivertail would know where she went at first. He saved a bunch of Gnoll children—like that little Mrsha. There are more of her tribe out there, probably. I’ve been meaning to tell you. They would have been given to other tribes—but white fur? Drake cities, like that little Drake girl.”
Erin Solstice froze.
“Others? More of Mrsha’s tribe…?”
“I heard there were more. I did ask once I met her. Other cities. But I never heard where they ended up. You’ll have to do the rest.”
The Drake trailed off. Like Montressa and the others, he was in multiple places at once. He focused on Erin.
“Sorry. I know you’d never have thought of it. But I could ask. Just couldn’t—didn’t find them. In case I…forget I wanted to bring it up. I’ll keep looking.”
“Saliss, what’s wrong?”
For something surely was. The Drake exhaled, slowly.
“Stop me, Erin. Can I tell you a great secret? I want to.”
“If you think I should hear it…”
The Drake looked at her, searchingly. Then he laughed.
