Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 30
“They hit my friend. In there.”
He pointed into Octavia’s shop vaguely. All eyes turned to Yellow Splatters. Octavia, breathless, poked her head out the window.
“Oh, stitches. Now you show up?”
The Watch Captain blinked around at her and the Humans on the ground, most of whom had passed out.
“I—this is—”
“Quelm did this! He sent his gang to attack the shop! Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters, er, defended me!”
“Defended? That monster killed—there are limbs everywhere!”
“Only six.”
Numbtongue blinked at the [Guardswoman]. She gaped at him and pointed a trembling finger.
“Watch Captain! That thing speaks! It’s a Hobgoblin—a Goblin monster! Just shoot it and—”
Her eyes went to Yellow Splatters and her throat worked soundlessly. The Watch Captain was made of sterner stuff though, if only just. He pointed at Numbtongue.
“You—Goblin. You’re a monster. In our city.”
Numbtongue folded his arms.
“I have a paper proving I’m a person. Where’s yours?”
The Watch Captain hesitated. He stared down at the scroll and hesitated.
“Wall Lord…Guildmistress…Gold-rank…Pisces?”
He looked at Numbtongue. Then, nervously, at Yellow Splatters.
“That thing’s an Antinium Soldier, though. It’s—this is war! Isn’t it? It’s under arrest.”
The [Guards] around the Watch Captain looked uneasy. One of them sidled over and whispered.
“Can we do that?”
“How’ll we cuff it?”
Yellow Splatters didn’t give them time to try it. He copied Numbtongue and folded all four arms.
“I am the Prognugator of the Free Antinium’s Hive. Will you try to arrest me?”
He loomed over the Watch Captain. And that was Yellow Splatter’s skill, or Skill. He was able to loom in multiple dimensions, not just vertically, but horizontally as well. The Human [Guards] edged back as they stared up at him. The Watch Captain went white.
“Another Prognugator…?”
He looked from Numbtongue to Yellow Splatters. Octavia had disappeared inside her shop. The Watch Captain hesitated, then looked at the bloody street. His expression firmed at last.
“You two. I don’t care if you’re Antinium Prognugators or backed by every Walled City in the world! You just attacked dozens of Celum’s citizens. You are under arrest. Come with us quietly or…we’ll be forced to take you down.”
The City Watch raised their weapons behind him. Numbtongue bared his teeth. He knew they’d die if they fought. Human criminals were one thing, but these ones had proper weapons, even if they looked like half of them would run away screaming. He looked at Yellow Splatters. The Antinium looked at him. Slowly, the [Sergeant] uncrossed his arms and made four fists.
“You may try.”
Celum’s City Watch shuddered. But that was the thing about bluffs, even great ones. Sometimes they didn’t work. The Captain of the City Watch inhaled, his face going dead white. The arrows nocked on the strings—and Erin Solstice walked out of Stitchworks, in front of a very nervous Octavia.
“Hey Numbtongue! I’m here! Sorry it took so oh my god, what happened?”
She stopped in the doorway. She looked at the blood on the cobblestones. The severed hand lying at Numbtongue’s feet. The City Watch, whose bows were now aimed at her chest. Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters moved to block them. The Captain of the Watch pointed at her.
“You—that Goblin—and the Antinium and Octavia Cotton are all under arrest.”
“Numbtongue. What happened?”
