Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 11
…But Silverfang was her tribe. Satar didn’t earn money, and she couldn’t fend for herself. Silverfang was a fairly rich tribe, so she had a good stipend of money, which she spent on her secret hobby. Only Cers knew she even had a book, and he just thought she liked drawing on the pages like he did, that book-defacing monster.
Satar had gear, Skills, and levels. She was unto the world of writing a Silver-rank adventurer in her mind. Her biggest weapon was her quill, which she had saved up for four years to buy.
It was a magic quill that you ‘linked’ to a bottle of ink with a simple dip of the pen. Then it wrote without needing to be dipped or running dry. It had cost her four gold coins and nine silver, down five silver from haggling with the [Enchanter] when she mentioned a book he liked and how she wanted to write as well.
Ink would have eaten the rest of Satar’s writing budget in a heartbeat, and in the past she’d even experimented with trying to make it herself—with bad results, as the ‘ink’ bled through the cheap parchment, ruining one of her earlier pieces of work completely.
The thing about leveling was that it made your life easier. For instance—the first Skill most [Writer]-based storytellers got was [Corrected Spelling]. Minor mistakes vanished.
Another great Skill Satar had gotten was [Quickened Scribing], which changed her writing pace with a quill to double its speed at Level 23. Another? [Remove Inkstains]. Perfect for fur.
Those were lower-level Skills. [Anti-Cramping Muscles] was actually universally useful, and Satar had once helped mend nets for the Silverfang [Hunters] while they visited a coast for two days straight without needing a healing potion once.
Her capstone Skills at Level 10 and Level 20 were naturally the best, though. For her Level 10 Skill, Satar had gotten the prize of a lifetime—at least in her eyes when the girl had received it at 15 years old.
[A Bottle A Day: Ink]. Every day, she’d wake up, and one of her carefully-placed bottles of ink would be full to the brim with whatever basic color she wanted. She’d experimented, and she could get red, blue, or even yellow and green—but not more than that. No fancy inks, and only a small inkwell, not a big one—although the amount of ink had grown as she gained the next thirteen levels.
It was beyond useful because, not only could Satar save her free ink, she could sell it—although, often, the cost of the glass bottle outweighed the ink itself. But she had made silver at times, selling it to [Scribes].
Her Level 20 Skill was a bit more mundane, but a bit more powerful. [Narrative: Spot Inconsistencies]. Far less materials, and seemingly useless…
Until Satar looked at her writing and saw how many times she used the word, ‘or’. Or realizing she had never given context to the Ferkr-Grimalkin connection in her anecdotes about him and wrote a section explaining who Grimalkin of Pallass was and referring readers to her notes on Pallass and the Walled Cities…
She wondered what her Level 30 Skill was and was determined to find out before she turned…twenty-five. Yes, that seemed possible.
Indeed, Satar had high hopes of leaving the Meeting of Tribes Level 25. She had come here at Level 21 and already leveled up twice from recording the dramatic events. And…
