Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 8
The Drake paused. Relc, swore under his breath. Now the conversation had two sides. The drunk Drake shouted at Numbtongue.
“Oh yeah? Join the club! I’m not a Human, though. So if you think that—”
“Drakes killed my tribe.”
Numbtongue interrupted the Drake. He slowly pointed at Relc. The [Guardsman] paused.
“That one killed my Chieftain. That one killed thousands of my people. Because you didn’t open the gates after we stopped the Goblin Lord.”
Numbtongue’s finger pointed right, towards Embria. She looked up. And unlike Relc, there was little guilt in her eyes. Numbtongue looked around the room and then back at the angry Drake.
“I didn’t kill your…sister. Or friend. I didn’t know the Goblins who did. I’m not them. And your—people—killed more Goblins. Why should I tolerate you?”
He folded his arms, almost triumphantly. Daring the Drake to come up with a response. He couldn’t, Numbtongue was sure. But that surety—after a second of hesitation, a sneer crossed the Drake’s face.
“It doesn’t matter. You’re monsters. You can pretend you’re not. You can even speak. But everyone knows what Goblin Kings and Goblin Lords do. A few of you can be tamed. But that’s all.”
Numbtongue’s eyes widened. He took a step forwards and Erin blocked his way. She glared at the Drake and then around uneasily.
“Alright! That’s it! Relc, toss this guy out!”
“I need the magic door. He’ll just roll down the hill and come back up.”
Relc pointed to the open door as he restrained the struggling Drake. Erin nodded as Lyonette rushed over to change the setting. Relc didn’t budge as the Drake tried to elbow him and stomp on one foot. He had the drunk in a headlock. But the Drake could still shout. He cast one eye at Numbtongue.
“Go on! Kick me out! But everyone knows I’m right! Maybe Goblins can be safe! One or two. But no one’ll ever let a tribe stay around Liscor in peace! You know why? Because of the Goblin King! And it doesn’t matter how many of you die. Because Goblins—Goblins are animals. Get it? We’re Drakes. And Gnolls. And even damned Humans. We’re not animals, so we count. You don’t. Get it?”
Numbtongue opened his mouth. But he didn’t know what to say. He clenched his fists and Erin grabbed him. The Drake just laughed at the Hobgoblin’s expression.
“I’m right! See? It can’t even respond. See? I—”
Relc adjusted his hold and the Drake’s supply of wind cut off abruptly. He choked, and Lyonette raised her head as the portal in the magic door changed.
“Door’s open!”
“Finally.”
Relc grunted and heaved. The Drake flew through the door, scattering a crowd of potential guests. They stared into the inn as Relc looked over his shoulder. Numbtongue was shaking. His mouth was still open, but he didn’t know what to say. He’d never had to argue like that before. And he’d—
“It’s just a drunk guy. I guess Goblins did kill his family. But he’s wrong.”
Erin looked around in the silence. She met everyone’s eye, but few were looking straight at her. A Gnoll from Liscor murmured as Lyonette silently let people into the inn.
“He might be. But he came to the inn peacefully, Miss Solstice. Didn’t do more than complain. Which he has a right to, no? He lost his sister and friend. That he came here, knowing a Goblin was present, shows he was on your side. And Krshia’s.”
“So he has the right to say that to Numbtongue?”
