Interlude – Embria
Page 17
He looked at Relc. The [Guardsman] looked like he was seriously considering it.
“Maybe. You know, it’s a big thing, but I could see myself having a dog.”
“Oh come on, dad.”
Embria was exasperated. She poked Relc in the side, eliciting a yelp. He looked at her and she folded her arms.
“You’ve never had a pet. And you’ll forget to feed the poor animal. You don’t need a dog anyways; you can barely spend one day out of the week with me.”
“That is a consideration. Hrr. I do ask that my pet owners be able to care for their animals. If you weren’t taking this dog with you on patrol, it would be an issue.”
Elirr bent to pet one of the war hounds that had wandered up. Relc bent to pet it too.
“Yeah, well, I wasn’t going to leave it alone. I guess I have to ask Klbkch for his opinion. But he likes animals. I think. In theory. These are good dogs, though. Right? You hate cats, don’t you, pal?”
The dog panted in agreement. Embria had to smile. Relc cast her a side-ways glance.
“Why don’t you take one, kid? You could raise a dog yourself. Worth a shot?”
Elirr looked up hopefully. Embria blinked at the dog, who had rolled onto its back and revealed that it was a he.
“I do have good hounds trained in a number of roles, from tracking to combat, Wing Commander. Even cats who can pull their weight in adventuring teams, believe it or not. Birds…”
Embria cut him off with a polite, apologetic smile.
“I’m sure, Mister Elirr. But I’m afraid that we’re not allowed pets in the army.”
She saw her father frown. Relc leaned on a counter, accidentally pushing a cat off the side. He ignored the yowl of hatred.
“Commander-ranks are. Getting a cat would be weird, but you could get a war dog instead of me.”
“No. I really don’t think it’s a good idea.”
Embria straightened. She would have loved to pet the dog more, but she had a sense that Relc was about to be attacked by a bunch of cats if he stayed any longer. Elirr nodded, but Relc was insistent.
“Why not? They’re good company. You could get one that can bite legs off. One of those super-big ones, the size of wolves. Or a Carn Wolf. Can you train those, Elirr?”
“Not unless you’re willing to pay the food bills.”
The Gnoll muttered. He lifted up a small terrier and offered it to Embria. She hesitated. The Gnoll’s smile was welcoming. But then Embria closed her eyes.
“Animals die in battle first. I’m fine. Thank you, Mister Elirr, really. But I can’t.”
And that was that. Elirr nodded. He gestured to the shop.
“If you would like to stay, feel free. The animals do like company and I can’t be everywhere. Just, please. Don’t keep the doors open. The cats like to think they can come back whenever they please. They’re incorrigible.”
Much to Embria’s surprise, she did stay for half-an-hour longer, to inspect some birds with Relc and watch as a cat projectile-urinated on him from above. After Relc had sponged off the worst of it with some water, they left the shop. Two cats followed them out; Relc tossed them back inside. He grinned at Embria and she smiled back. Relc pointed down the street.
“Hey. You want to get lunch? My treat. I want to show you a cool drink.”
“Sure. But if it’s that blue fruit drink you’ve been harping about…”
“What? No, no. Yes. Come on. It’s great, I promise.”
Relc led the way down the street. Embria followed him, a step behind now. She saw Relc humming to himself, pleased as could be despite the dampness on one shoulder. She stared at his swinging arm, and then her own.
She looked at her claw. It twitched. Embria looked ahead at Relc’s claws. She reached out hesitantly. Then she lowered her arm.
