Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 44
“You think so, Nsiia? I find this endlessly fascinating, but it is Golems. I never considered it, actually.”
Nsiia nodded rapidly. Wistram’s television was for grand events, like the clash with the King of Destruction. But she had also seen the Titan playing a chess game remotely against Tulm! And this?
“You think the world would truly enjoy watching this?”
Se eagerly looked at Nsiia. The former-[Empress] stared down at the arena, where two more Golems were about to square off.
“You mean, two giant Golems smashing each other to bits?”
Femithain and Se looked at each other. It was funny how they’d never thought of it. And Nsiia—she blinked for a moment.
“Perhaps the world would have liked to see the migration of Rocs. Or their hatching.”
“That occurs in Tiqr?”
Se turned to Nsiia. The woman had never thought of it like that. Of course people would have loved to see it. Perhaps—it might have cheapened the moment.
But the Testing? Femithain would have liked to arrange for an orb and Wistram’s attention, but the Testing was underway and he wasn’t about to call for several hour’s delay.
“Next time. There will be other Golem F—tests in the arena. I will ask if Wistram is interested. Hold. Domehead’s moment is coming.”
Everyone in the box, including Nsiia, leaned forwards. Domehead strutted into the arena, axe on his shoulder, the secondary crystals in its domed head gleaming. It was poised, perfectly calibrated; Nsiia saw the opponent from Ziozem walking smoothly, but with less perfection of Inscription.
Still—it was a nerve-racking moment and exhilarating as the two Golems faced each other across the empty arena. Hundreds of feet separated them, but when the activation order was given, both Golems surged forwards.
Ziozem’s actually carried a miniature ballista in the form of a crossbow. It fired once, dropped the weapon, and armed itself with a mace and shield. Domehead actually dodged the bolt.
“How did it do that?”
“Projectile Deflection Routine #4! It only works well in gladiatorial matches, but—”
Se screamed in Nsiia’s ear. Then the two both turned and saw Domehead lunging forwards. It brought its axe down in a chopping blow—
Then broke off as Ziozem’s golem tried to bash forwards with a shield. Nsiia saw Domehead’s crystals flicker as it moved into another routine and moved sideways, swinging the axe.
It was brilliant. Like a chess match, only automated. Both Golems were reacting, sensing an attack wouldn’t go through and moving to backup routines. They’d break off an attack and move smoothly or erratically into another one, creating scenarios even their creators couldn’t envision.
However—Femithain’s genius showed here. Ziozem’s Golem kept pivoting, raising the huge shield and trying to bash Domehead. But the other Golem was more adaptive. It stepped back and swung its axe—hard. Biting into the shield. Instantly, Ziozem’s Shield-Golem lashed out with a strike. But—Domehead was stepping back, striking from outside the other Golem’s range with its longer axe.
“It’s working!”
Delighted, Nsiia watched as a [Warrior], not the Crafters who were screaming routines and talking nonsense. From her perspective, it was like watching a superior [Warrior] wailing on the other Golem’s shield while preventing it from advancing. Ziozem’s programming kept it lashing out when it was attacked, but it never got close.
The audience saw Domehead take down Ziozem’s shield and cut into the arm. Then a horn was blown and someone screamed a halt-command. Both Golems froze.
“What happened?”
“A flawless victory. Just beautiful! They called a halt!”
