Interlude – Conversations
Page 23
They were sending the first shipments out at last. It had taken some doing to convince the impatient buyers that building a complex mechanical instrument took time. Pelt could manufacture the ‘cheap’ bicycles fairly fast, and some other [Smiths] had even created far less perfect versions.
However, the ones that Kevin had pioneered—and Ryoka herself—required a master [Enchanter]’s skill. Or, failing that, a number of apprentices.
Hedault was alone in that regard. You couldn’t get apprentices as fast as Pelt, and to be frank, Hedault was as tricky as Pelt in that regard. He had no desire for apprentices, but either he did the enchanting full-time or they’d have to outsource.
Dead gods, maybe they could make Montressa do some of the basic protective spells? It would give her work if she could stick to a quota.
Bezale was going to chat with him. She hurried because she knew the [Enchanter] hated people being late. But when she knocked on his door—or rather, used the enchanted gemstone to announce herself—he did not immediately answer.
That wasn’t like Hedault at all. Bezale tried again.
“Master Hedault? I’m here for my appointment. 11:00 sharp. Did you send me a rescheduling note? I didn’t get it…”
She put her hand on the door and it swung open. Bezale’s instincts sharpened as she heard a loud, angry voice from within.
Hedault. She made a fist, prepared her spell scrolls. She surged towards his workshop and living space.
“Stay back! You are not welcome—”
Bezale exploded into his workshop, fist raised. She saw the [Enchanter], aiming his wand at someone who had…
….a bag of gold in one hand…and was waving it at him.
“I can prepare gemstones. Please sell the wand to me. Also, do you have any other artifacts of interesting qualities? I will offer you fifty thousand gold pieces. No? Sixty.”
Valeterisa, Archmage of Izril, had backed Hedault into a corner. She plucked for the wand with one hand as Hedault backed up, a look of pure frustration on his face.
“Please let me inspect it. I will compensate you for the time.”
“Master Hedault? Is th—”
Bezale stared at the powerful [Mage], then realized who she had to be. Her eyes went wide. Hedault turned.
“Mage Bezale. Please eject this Archmage. She comes from your academy. Archmage Valeterisa, I will call the Watch!”
Valeterisa turned. She peered at Bezale.
“Hm. Minotaur. Female. You must be Bezale, contact of…[Recall Memories]. Scriptels. Note on record about loyalty. Mage Montressa. Hello.”
Then she turned back to Hedault.
“I would like to inspect it.”
“I recall you from last time! You disassembled an artifact meant for a Gold-rank adventurer!”
Hedault covered the wand with one hand. Valeterisa blinked.
“I offered compensation at market value. Perhaps you will take other artifacts? I have a teleportation spell…or we can come to…other arrangements?”
She struck what Bezale thought might be a seductive pose. Hedault stared at her. Valeterisa blinked at his expression.
“Ah. I’m not young. Alas. I need to amend that persuasion tactic. Note to self…illusions or don’t…”
She began muttering. Bezale looked at Hedault. The [Enchanter] gave her an exasperated look. Valeterisa peered at Bezale.
“Hm. Come to think of it. If I cannot sequester the wand, I might as well continue on my way. Next location…Liscor. Liscor? That’s four hundred miles…oh. Magic door…make teleportation network…Erin Solstice. Who? Aha. Communicate with Eldavin. Interesting.”
With that, she strode past Bezale. The Minotauress was so startled she went after Valeterisa.
