Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 43
Elbe’s coliseum had all those features. But in the Testing of Mirrhen, each state would field a Golem against another via random lottery. Then the winners would clash…and so on…and so on until the finalists fought and the winner was crowned.
It wasn’t just pageantry. The winning state got a lot of funds, prestige, and its innovations in the Golem would be added to other workshops. But mostly—it was about pride.
There was a lot on the line for Femithain. Apparently, Dellva’s Golems had won twice when he was in office, but it wasn’t actually a guaranteed thing. States poured a lot into their Golems and Femithain was excellent at Forming and making a Golem more adaptive, a better tool…not necessarily pure warfare.
Plus, the competition was actually weighted. The Dellva Crafters with Nsiia and Femithain were only too happy to explain as Yinah curled up in Femithain’s lap and he carefully pet her.
“The winner of each year’s Testing gets to keep their Golem. Even if it’s damaged—that’s a head start. That damn Hammera has two years of innovations packed into her.”
“Hammera?”
It was the nickname of the ‘Hammer of Elbe’, just like Domehead’s official title was ‘Delaxi of Dellva’. Nsiia saw the Golems lined up below.
There were some interesting Golems out there. The spitting Golem who could shoot oil and then light an opponent on fire, a Golem armed with a spear—Domehead, with his axe, adjusted thanks to Armsmaster Dellic and Nsiia herself, his head sparkling, the most radiant of the lot—
And the Hammer of Elbe.
Hammera, as she was named, was actually a female Golem. Nsiia started laughing in her box and couldn’t stop. Because—the Crafters had no idea why, but Femithain did—they’d actually given the titanic war-machine, the Dwarfsteel Golem armed with a huge maul with a spike—a breastplate.
As in…they didn’t look like that! No one made armor for female bodies. But that was Crafters for you. Hammera actually had a face, instead of Domehead, and she was a statuesque Garuda in armor. Unrealistic, silly—
–And capable of wiping out a lesser Golem in a single blow. Nsiia stopped laughing when the games began and Hammera charged out against the first State’s Golem, the spitting-Golem from Unst.
It tried to project oil and back up, but Hammera was fast. She lifted her maul up, ignoring the spear-jab, and brought it down—
“Dead gods!”
The Crafters winced as Unst’s Golem tried to dodge and went down as the hammer destroyed its upper torso. One hit! Unst’s crowd cried out as if they were in physical pain, but it was drowned by Elbe’s people’s cheers.
“That damn Golem is even faster than last year! How? They’re not allowed to give it [Haste]! But the rotation speed on that swing—”
“It’s magicore. They’re giving her a moment of acceleration. She overcharges based on the stored mana. It was a poor match. Unst made their Golem to light up the other Golems and stay away. Hammera’s too fast.”
Se shook her head as a Crafter-team ran out onto the Testing ground’s floor and crowded around their fallen Golem. They were actually crying. Nsiia felt for them. It had to be a year’s worth of work, destroyed in a moment.
Hammera actually had a victory routine. She raised her hammer as she strutted around the stadium to the cheers of the audience.
It was a show, it was silly—and it was entertaining as all heck. Nsiia was eating olives and feeding Yinah bites of meat.
“This should be on the Wistram networks, Femithain!”
The Magus-Crafter was surprised by the suggestion.
