Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 19
Octavia’s jaw had dropped. In a moment Saliss had found the ingredient it had taken her so long to synthesize from Erin’s description. But then he looked at the matches.
“Interesting. Phosphorus molded with…something. Can I eat this too?”
“It’s flammable—”
“Oh, no. I just want to know if it’s alright with you. I’m just tasting it, actually.”
Octavia had to nod. Saliss tasted it.
“Charcoal, obviously. And—I see. You’ve also pasted it on the box. Neat! Hey, these two things aren’t bad!”
The [Alchemist] tried not to glow under Saliss’ praise. But she was also deflated. Saliss could instantly tell what her creations were made of by tasting it? The Drake was talking about selling it, now.
“Right, I can see making some of those. The [Engineers] will love the match-thing, and if it makes fluffy bread, the younger [Alchemists] will be making this all day.”
“Well, if you’d like to, I uh—it would be an honor, coming from your shop, Master Saliss.”
Octavia mumbled. There went her big sales. She’d have to rely on Numbtongue’s findings. And he had to fight monsters to get his jewels.
The Drake, who’d been smiling, paused as he looked sideways at Octavia. And his eyes flickered.
“Oh. Hey. You think I’m going to walk off with the recipes?”
Octavia jumped.
“What? No! That is, if a master like you were to—”
“Hey.”
Saliss’ smiled faded. His playful tone vanished. He leaned over and grasped Octavia’s arms, just above the stitching on her elbow. She saw him smile at her, without the teeth.
“Calm down, Miss Octavia. I’m not stealing anything. I don’t steal. This isn’t Nerrhavia. Also, I don’t really need either creation.”
“Of course. I didn’t mean to—”
“Hey. I’m not done. And I’m not being mean. Did old Xif come by? Bet he did. Did he try to walk off with the recipes? Don’t answer that. Listen, I’m not stealing it. I’m telling you to sell it.”
Octavia shut up. She looked at Saliss. He nodded.
“Sell it to Pallass’ [Alchemists].”
“But how…?”
The Drake shrugged.
“We don’t have a Guild. Those go ‘boom’, and most of us don’t bother with regular meet ups anyways. But we do have a group. We’ll buy the recipe.”
“Buy it?”
Buying a recipe? Octavia had heard of it being done, but [Alchemists] preferred to usually steal each other’s work. That was how it worked in Nerrhavia and Celum. But Saliss was nodding.
“Fair’s fair in Pallass. The [Engineers] used to have the same problem, but the Assembly of Crafts passed a law. Original inventions need to be credited—there’s actually a registry of who made what. But in practice, we’ll just pay you once to let us use your recipe and you give us your notes. I’ll run it by Xif and the other [Alchemists] I know. We like it, we’ll all chip in and the younger ones can get the recipe. Well, we might make them work for it.”
He winked at Octavia. She felt something warm returning to her cloth heart, currently flesh and beating in her chest. Saliss eyed the matches and baking soda.
“And you say Miss Erin helped you make it? Interesting. Do you have anything else like that? If you do, I’d love to see. Not stealing, again! Just as one [Alchemist] to another.”
Octavia Cotton looked at Saliss. He was the kindliest master of alchemy she’d met. And Octavia Cotton, who had missed friendship for gold and made bad mistakes before, saw an opportunity. So her mouth took over for her shocked brain.
“I have a room upstairs. With stuff in it!”
 
—-
 
“Interesting. Not bad. That’s awful. That’s worse. Nice molds. Are you using them?”
