Interlude – Foliana
Page 22
“Ah, a good name! We’re not to do anything you don’t care for. If you’d like conversation, we provide that. Anything else is fine too. But I prefer to talk. Are you one of the Titan’s students? Do you play chess?”
Umina’s jaw dropped. Feshi and Marian both looked up.
“You play chess?”
“I play chess, I keep up with politics—I dance too. I take interests. And I can talk. If you’d like to make this a conversation, we can by all means sit together. I’d like to imagine I can hold my own, even with a student of the Titan of Baleros. But I don’t think all of your classmates will do that. So, a drink? Or would you like to meet my coworkers?”
The Gnoll grinned at Umina. She stammered.
“I—uh—well, I wouldn’t mind. But I’m definitely staying here! With Marian!”
“Oh? Well, that’s fine too.”
The Gnoll arched an eyebrow and Umina was so flustered she took the first drink he poured for her and downed half of it. Which turned out to be interesting indeed.
 
—-
 
An hour later. Foliana sat on the couch, munching on Wil’s crackers. She was alone. Everyone else in the group of students had either gone off with one of the very charming, very beautiful people, alone, or in smaller groups. Umina had been clinging to a very embarrassed Marian, insisting they go with Herrsk together, a proposition only the Centauress seemed bothered by. Kissilt was long gone with the Lizardwoman, and that was the least scandalous pairing.
But Foliana just sat there. Staring. The thirty third of the brothel’s [Prostitutes]—although that was a lower-level class than whatever this Naga had—came forwards. He came forwards without a word. His scales shone, and his smile was wicked and enticing.
He gyrated forwards, his snake-like abdomen and tail moving in slow, hypnotic trails.
“Do I meet with any approval, Miss?”
He looked at Foliana, grinning around sharp teeth. This Naga had on a vest. And little else. There was also a veil. The veil inched downwards, revealing, enticing. Foliana’s expression never changed.
“Hmm. No.”
The Naga’s face fell. He un-gyrated and backed away. Foliana kept staring. Then she hopped off the couch and picked up a pillow. She lounged on it. Peeking in on her from a one-way mirror, the [Receptionist] turned to the Naga as he slithered back in.
“What do we do? She’s refused everyone! Male, female—we’ve put every species in front of her!”
“All but female Nagas. I did my best, but my [Seduction Dance] doesn’t work on her. Which is good, frankly. I don’t think I’d perform well without a tonic. She scares me.”
The male Naga grumbled. The Lizardman groaned.
“But she’s Three-Color Stalker! We can’t turn her away! Are her companions happy, at least?”
“Happy as can be. Three of them are still around here. The rest are occupied.”
The Lizardman nodded distractedly. He stared at Foliana. She was ignoring a female Dullahan who’d placed her head on the table, and a male Human who was trying to slide in next to her. The [Rogue] appeared to be trying to count how many dates were within a bowl.
“Is—maybe it’s a test? We have three female Nagas.”
“She said she doesn’t want any Nagas. Policy is we don’t give them to her. Who’ve we got?”
“Miss Slendasia, Eshilx, and the new one.”
The male Naga grimaced.
“Eugh. The new girl’s charming, but Slendasia will get herself knifed if she goes out. Besides, I think she means it when she says no Nagas. We have a history with Squirrel Beastkin. Snakes and rodents, you know?”
The Lizardman nodded, eyeing the Naga. He gestured hopelessly at the Squirrel-woman.
“Well—what do we do? She doesn’t want any of our best.”
“Send out for help?”
