Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 0

To those who knew him, Archmage Viltach was known as ‘The Archmage of Terandria’. A curious title—but people would refer to him as the Terandrian Archmage and others would know what they meant.
Not the ‘Human Archmage’, because there were three out of the seven. Six now, and only two Humans if you took into account…current events.
Traditionally, the numbers of Archmages mattered little. Sometimes there was one. Other times they were counted only as the actual [Archmages]. And sometimes it didn’t matter because who ruled Wistram wasn’t the Archmages at all.
But the title remained. And there were seven—wait—six great [Mages] who had ascended to such lofty titles. One from each continent, in theory, but Rhir hadn’t produced an [Archmage]—or at least, a [Mage] of that caliber who had graduated through Wistram—in centuries.
As it stood, the numbers ran thusly: Terandria had two. Izril had one, and scarcely tied to her home at that. Chandrar had produced one. Baleros had three living Archmages.
Archmage Amerys was no longer numbered among them. And three of the six weren’t always at the academy; one had ties to the Iron Vanguard in no small way; despite being Human, he had been raised by Dullahans. The other, well, he was flighty and powerful. More closely linked to the Maelstrom’s Howling Great Company, but only by species.
Izril’s sole Archmagus lived on an island and seldom interfered in her home’s affairs. All three were what you could call classic, selfish Archmages. They had their hand in politics, but they were keenly obsessed with their own affairs.
…Well, you could count Archmagus Verdan Blackwood—the Human raised by Dullahans—as a politicker. But he was old, and didn’t have the stamina to fight it out constantly in Wistram with his peers. He was in effect, retired, and though he could wield sufficient power—
It was the three in Wistram Academy at this moment who made waves. Ones to watch. The other Archmages might not even have known about the Earthers.
Nailihuaile, the Lamia and head of her Revivalist Faction, did.
So did Archmage Feor, the old half-Elf who led the Centrists.
And Viltach? The Terandrian Archmage? Well…he and his Libertarians were known for their links to Terandria. And Viltach was especially political in that sense.
People said of Viltach that he never backed the losing horse. And that went for gambling as well as the affairs of his home continent. And if it turned out that a losing nation was, in fact, the one that would win a conflict? They had been the winning horse all along.
That was how the Archmagus operated. And how Wistram Academy liked to conduct a lot of affairs. There were exceptions—like the King of Destruction whom they opposed, but they generally liked to nudge things. Collect what was valuable. Avoid direct, messy intervention. Unless they had to. Which they didn’t do at all. Well—sometimes.
It was complicated. In many ways, Wistram was a giant of multiple intentions. Peer under the unified front, and you’d see a mess of factions. Each one vying for superiority, magical knowledge, power…
In this particular case, the upcoming conflict with Ailendamus and the southern realms was worrying any number of people. So far it was looking to be Ailendamus versus the traditional bulwark of Calanfer, Kaliv, and Gaiil-Drome. The Dawn Concordat as they were known, was known for having broken any number of nations sent against them. But Ailendamus had swelled of recent years, and their ruler, King Itorin II, was looking for easy victories.
