Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 23
Him? Who…the Chief Shaman realized who Xherw was speaking of and rolled his eyes. In Plain’s Eye, the most traditional of tribes, they just had to spontaneously create the one Gnoll who had a class and mentality completely opposite of them.
 
——
 
Yelroan posed in front of the mirror and adjusted his signature look. To attract attention, of course, and inspire a new generation into believing the future was math. He tried striking another pose and adjusted his carefully-designed sunglasses so a ray of light blinded everything in a thirty-foot radius.
“Math. Arithmetic. Algebra. Statistics. Calculations. Geometry—oh, hello, Chieftain. Did you need something?”
Chieftain Xherw of the Plain’s Eye tribe was not a tall Gnoll, but he had a weight upon the world, and he was one of the most famous Gnolls in existence. Being around him was electrifying, and he never went most places without his bodyguard. He was a seasoned warrior, a great leader—and he rubbed at his forehead as if Yelroan were more styming than fighting one of the Centenium, which he had done.
“Yelroan. That is…Mathematician Yelroan.”
He used Yelroan’s title with a slight wince. He tried, unlike Ulcre and many others in Plain’s Eye, who patently hated the blonde Gnoll who dressed snappily and showily and did, to them, silly and stupid things in a worthless class.
That was why Yelroan liked Xherw. He tried. So Yelroan swept some papers to the side and offered him some cold tea.
“What can I do for you, Chieftain? Did you hear about the attempt on my life? Some issue come up with a tribe that needs accounting? Merish? Did he find the Doombringer? I’ve lost the trail, but I can try to find more data points…”
He worried for his friend. Honestly, statistics wasn’t his strongest suit, nor analysis-based models. Naturally, Xherw thought it was all one thing, if he even understood how math applied to such things to begin with.
Math was so complex and deep, yet people thought that all you could do with it was figure out how to supply an army. That was logistics, which, yes, had calculations, but was as much to do with knowing how much someone ate or terrain and whatnot as actual math.
Get a [Secretary of War] or [Strategist] for that! Sometimes it hurt Yelroan, feeling like a glorified [Accountant]. But then he saw how Xherw prized him, and how he showed up [Mages] and [Chieftains] and all those other classes with applied mathematics.
And he felt better about himself. Mathematics was deeper than that. It was a way of looking at the world. An entire perspective that you could see…everything through. Just like how a pair of spectacles brought things into focus, math was the lens by which Yelroan understood everything.
No one, especially Plain’s Eye, should look down on a new way of seeing the world. That was why he loved his craft, the numbers that could make sense of vast concepts with ease.
That was math. Yelroan really thought he should figure out how to explain it like that, but he had less of a way with words.
“No, Yelroan. I came to ask you to investigate something with your…math-Skills. I do not know if you can, but I suspect you can, and it will be a great service to the tribe. I hold you in high confidence and…did you say ‘attempt on your life’?”
Xherw must have been stressed. He normally caught things like that right away. He stiffened and looked around Yelroan’s organized tent.
Maps, data sheets, cabinets of holding—many cabinets of holding—and all kinds of tools that Yelroan used, from an abacus to sheets to plot data and more. Xherw glanced up and whistled softly.
