Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 27
He flicked his wand out and aimed it at Cubol, pointing the tip straight between the Drake’s eyes. The [Slaver] didn’t flinch. He just smiled, and someone clicked.
Crusader 53 saw Vess glance at him—then twist as one of his squadmates grabbed at his arm.
“What are you—no!”
A flash of magic. Just one flash—and he was down. Pinned. Cubol nodded and stood up.
“I understand this is very difficult for you all. If you don’t object—I will have one of my people bear this terrible burden.”
Big Yam were panting as one of his bodyguards unsheathed a sword. Vess began to scream, but someone had his jaw clamped shut.
Crusader 53 watched all of this.
You are are all bound for Hell. Theophilus was right.
He couldn’t move. He didn’t have [Faith is My Strength]. They had said the Painted Antinium had come…and been killed.
It was all so bitter. Cubol was watching him, not even paying attention to the screaming [Arcane Warrior] as the [Slave] strode over, blade poised. The Drake was smiling at the Antinium.
“I have so many questions to ask. The Emir will too. He may regard you as one of the finest…no, we’ll see.”
Crusader 53 smiled back. Wherever he went, whatever they did…he had no fear.
Heaven waited. And if he had his beloved mace, he would hit Cubol harder than anything had ever been hit before.
Vess looked up, and Crusader 53 saw his eyes go wide. A muffled sound escaped his lips, but his fellow [Soldiers] had lost their minds. This war had damaged them. They didn’t know why they were fighting, 53 realized. They had nothing to dream of but death.
He felt sorry for them. The Stitch-man raised his sword.
Someone clicked softly as the sword plunged down.
Crusader 53 looked up. Hm?
Who had said that?
The [Slaver], Cubol, looked around in the sudden silence. He turned and saw the [Slave] frozen, sword mid-stab.
“Goliepe, what are you…?”
The Drake trailed off as he saw the red, sticky strings and the…gap…in the Stitch-man’s torso. The warrior looked down with everyone as a thin, red line appeared, and a strange opening separated his chest and ribs from the lower half of his body.
The lower half dropped soundlessly. Everyone’s eyes locked onto the red blood as the legs of the [Slave] turned to cloth. Vess’ eyes were wide with incomprehension.
What was—?
Something was there. Something had just snapped the Stitch-man in two. No—it was a perfect cut.
Two things whispered now, blood trailing off the delicate blades. A pair of arms uncrossed, and something shimmered.
Like the colors a rainbow made off a bubble of soap. That was what the entire Antinium’s body looked like. It shimmered—and the faint outline of a scuttling, camouflaged Antinium, perfectly melded with the landscape, scuttled sideways.
Only the moving flecks of blood gave it away. Its chitin morphed so perfectly it was like a chameleon.
Natural invisibility.
The Silent Antinium clicked, and Big Yam’s shout of horror never came. A second pair of scythe-arms whispered, and the giant cross between mantis and ant swept a second deathly pair of scythe-arms together. It materialized behind another [Slave], and a third cut one of the Drakes on sentry duty apart.
Vess looked up as a Drake went down, split from shoulder to hip by a blade sharper than any sword he had ever seen. Cubol reacted faster than anyone else.
“Silent Antinium! Guard me! Sound the alarm! Sound—”
He ran left as Big Yam exploded into screams. Confusion! The [Slaver] leapt left as a wall of fire bloomed around him. He was reaching for a scroll at his belt—
