Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 28
“…You’re not from Cellidel, are you?”
“Do I know you?”
Relc eyed the newcomer, and then shrugged.
“That’s right. I’m from Liscor. Ever heard of it?”
Of course, everyone started asking about the Antinium. Relc barely got to talk to the Drake that day, and he was late for work. However, the Drake kept coming back to watch.
His name was ‘Tesy’, which was presumably a nickname, but Relc only ever heard him talking with younger kids in the apartment area. He couldn’t have been more than eighteen or nineteen years old. A kid.
Vok was a kid. Strange though; Relc kept forgetting they were all younger than Embria by a bit. It seemed like she was always younger in his head—until he saw her.
Erin was barely older than Tesy, but she wasn’t a kid. Maybe it was how they carried themselves. Vok was more street-wise than Erin Solstice after a year of living in Liscor. The same with Tesy; he’d rented the apartment, had a job or so it seemed—all things that Relc imagined Erin might actually struggle with.
On the other tail…he couldn’t see either facing down a hostile crowd in the streets. Or leading an army. That was the difference, Relc supposed. Erin had been through a lot and sometimes you could tell. Usually she was friendly, relaxing, funnily weird and a kid in a lot of ways, even when she beat you like a drum while playing chess.
Then—something would pop up and the [Innkeeper] would give you a look that an old [Veteran] was capable of. Someone who had seen things you only joked about.
Well, Tesy had a mouth like Erin’s. Which was to say that he’d tell Relc off about being a [Guard], or loudly point out to people how the [Landlord] of the apartment was overcharging them because they could. Relc was exceptionally surprised no one had tried to punch Tesy, but the white-scaled Drake had the ability to duck trouble that most kids learned if they were like him.
The Senior Guardsman supposed that ‘Sellme’ would be nothing less than that. It was a bit of a coincidence he uncovered the famous [Painter]’s identity—but then again, not. Once you looked at Tesy, it was obvious.
Faint traces of paint on his white scales sometimes. The odor of paint—like an [Alchemist]’s—before he used a scent-masking deodorant. Comments about the very same issues Sellme talked about. Clearly gossiping with locals, never seen ‘working’, but disappearing for stretches of time.
Elementary, as Erin would say. Senior Guardsman Relc had uncovered a lot of mysteries in his time.
‘Where did I put the jar of pickles?’
‘Did Mrsha eat my cookies?’
‘Who is the Scalenight Strangler?’
Admittedly, that last one was his only real ‘case’. For all Relc loved puzzles, there was a difference between being able to pursue clues and put together motive and whatever else you did and fiddle with blacksmith puzzles.
Klbkch had solved that last one; a [Murderer] oh, five years back. Relc had helped by walking around with Klbkch, asking questions, and then helping run down the murderous Drake. Klbkch needed a partner willing to sit in alleyways for up to six hours straight as they staked out more possible locations.
As for how he’d figured it out, he’d used his secret Antinium techniques to pick up on ‘audio cues’ or something, done a lot of asking questions and essentially narrowed down the streets where the murderer had come from. Relc had walked next to him.
He had always been miffed he didn’t get the [Investigator] class. Or [Detective], which Erin had explained to him and Mrsha one time.
