Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 34
I can’t. I wonder if that’s a lie, like how they said old Durrell never flinched even when arrows struck him. He flinches. He just—doesn’t scream. 
It’s the soup. It’s not hot as some fronts. We’re better than they are.
The Ants Antinium fight well. It scares me. I know they’re green as new grass, but they’ve been fighting Drisshia since they’re both heavy armor, and I think Drisshia loses. They’re regulars, and the Antinium fold them up. Not that we haven’t taken casualties.
Barely over a hundred dead across the entire army after…I want to say a week of real fighting. I’m watching Hectval’s alliance fall back now. Potions did it, but the truth is they’ve got a bit more magic, maybe, more [Mages]. Roughly equal numbers…so we won.
4th Company must have sniped four low-level officers and three [Mages] along with a few battalions. Hectval probably lost some of their best attacking Liscor, or they really thought Olesm would be worse than whoever they sent. He’s got…a few big Skills. 
Remember [Instantaneous Barrage]? I can’t imagine how much they hate it. He’s also got [Vigor of Champions], so 4th Company goes in and doesn’t stop unless we need healing. So we got them.
It’s still the soup. But we’re winning. The question is—what does Hectval do next? They can maybe try to out-spell us, but [Mages] eat that [Instantaneous Barrage] or get sniped and they’re gone for good. They can’t out-shoot us. All those Workers with bows plus Liscor’s archers mean we tend to win. Either a cunning strategy or…
Hey Dad, I fought in another battle the next day. Idiots tried the Mellian Cascade. I really think they thought it would work. Liscor’s army might be green, but 4th Company just walked over and blocked each wedge when they went in, and they surrendered or got chopped up. Strange thing though—
There’s something off about those Antinium. I’ve heard that [Strategist]—Belgrade—and those two ‘Prognugators’ call them a strange class. I keep trying to get it right so I can report it, but I think it’s—[Crusader]? I’ve never heard of it. And they have weird powers. I’m beginning to think Hectval isn’t just incompentent.
Though they’re that, too. Either I tell you we’re at Hectval’s walls in a week or they surprise me, because we just took about eight hundred prisoners.
 
—Embria
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
The Mellian Cascade was an old tactic that originated from Manus. The theory was that you formed multiple spear-wedges and sent them into the enemy from multiple oblique angles while your hammer pinned them down from one angle.
Hit them hard enough and you popped the enemy formation. It had been famously unraveled by Chaldion when he was a young [Strategist], and the Antinium Wars had never seen it work that well.
It was what some thought of as a useful gambit against [Strategists] or [Commanders] who had never seen it happen to them.
“They tried it on the Antinium. See how they go in, there? Antinium turn—eat them. Same with Liscor’s army. There’s a shock—then that group of five hundred splits, hits two wedges, and they start crumbling.”
“4th Company. Liscor’s own. Looks like they’ve augmented it, but you can tell they’re veterans. They’ve seen the Mellian Cascade. Idiots.”
The ‘idiots’ were for Hectval’s commanders. Lulv agreed, but the Gnoll resting his paws on the table didn’t voice an opinion right away.
