Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 31
Chaos and confusion. And at the heart of it—Wil Kallinad and his friends. He saw Captain Lasc moving backwards across the deck, dueling Captain Rasea Zecrew.
The Shining. Her entire body was lit up by the light and it was blinding the [Storm Captain]. But he refused to flee. He stepped backwards, his sword slashing at hers. And his left hand moved like lightning, punching, deflecting her sword. He struck her twice, but the [Pirate Captain] moved back each time. And she was laughing as she cut him deep across the leg.
“To arms!”
Venaz roared. The Illuminary’s crew were joining their [Captain]. Or trying to—Delivan had the helm. He roared at Venaz.
“Help Captain Lasc! We won’t survive if the Illuminary boards! They’ll cut us to ribbons!”
“Ah! Three at once? A fine battle!”
Rasea whirled as Venaz charged her from the left. She slashed and the Minotaur halted. She ducked as Peki kicked at her head; she was too fast! And her body lit up in a flash.
The half-Anglerfish woman darted forwards as the others were blinded. She stabbed Peki in the arm and the Garuda recoiled. Rasea kicked her across the deck, blocked a slash from Lasc—and turned to confront Merrik. The Dwarf charged in, and her blade cut into his armor. But he forced her back.
“Wil, get back! She’s too high-level!”
Yerranola shouted. Feshi was trying to aim into the melee, but Rasea was now fighting four-on-one. And pushing all four back. Wil looked around desperately. The [Pirate Captain] was the least of their worries.
“Drowned Ships incoming!”
Inky pointed ahead. The Undersea Crews were streaming forwards. Wil saw Therrium pointing at him. The Blowfish [Archer] was aiming her bow. And two ships were in the way.
The Illuminary and Prince Khedal’s warship from the House of Minos. A portion of the Illuminary’s crew swung onto the nearest Drowned Ship, stalling them, fighting against the larger crew fearlessly. And Prince Khedal stood on the sides of his ship as his Minotaurs fired their siege weapons constantly, focusing on single ships before moving to the next.
“So. This is the product of greed. Minotaurs. For a son of the House of Minos. For honor. We do battle. Nothing less. To me.”
The Minotaur Prince looked around. A group of Minotaur [Sailors] stood at his back. They were armed with long-handled axes. Armor. Khedal stared at the dozens of ships headed for him.
“Give no ground. The Emerald Signet must escape. You—join the Humans. The rest of you—board and sink these trespassers.”
A group of Minotaurs rushed towards The Emerald Signet. They dove into the waters and swam towards the other boat. Prince Khedal locked eyes with Captain Therrium. He pointed as the first ship crashed into his warship.
“For the House of Minos! Charge!”
He leapt off his deck and onto The Passing Shadow. Drowned Sailors stared up at the Minotaur as he drew two large axes from his back. Captain Therrium looked around. Prince Khedal had landed on his ship alone as the Minotaurs fought the other Drowned Crews.
“Are you mad, Minotaur?”
“No. Surrender now and I will spare your ship.”
The Minotaur looked around. Therrium’s crew laughed. Prince Khedal’s eyes narrowed. They were green-and-yellow. Not red, as Venaz’s were, or the other Minotaurs fighting into a rage. They were hacking through the Drowned Folk. But Khedal just waited, axes in hand.
He turned his head. The Blowfish [Archer] loosed an arrow tipped with the deadly toxin. The Minotaur leaned out of the way. The arrow missed. The old prince turned. He saw a [Depth Sailor] leaping at him.
