Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 38
A pause. And then two toots of water shot out of the blowhole. The students and crew laughed in delight.
“Someone open the stocks! Toss the dolphins what they want! What do Nelgaunts eat?”
“Fish! Krill—”
“Can they eat bread? What about rum?”
Laughing, Begal poured some over the side. Inky immediately smacked him.
“Idiot! Don’t poison them! And don’t waste good drink!”
Wil was trying to think of a question to ask the Nelgaunt. He called over the side as the giant catfish swam closer. It was staring up at him—it actually had another eye on its side. But the main one seemed to be looking at Wil. Amused, thinking he was an idiot, Wil shouted down.
“Know of anything interesting for us to see? Treasure?”
The Nelgaunt looked up at Wil as the others laughed. And then—suddenly—it dove. Wil saw the dolphins turn, diving after it. In a moment, they were gone.
“What? Was it something I said?”
Wil looked around, disheartened by the sudden disappearance. He couldn’t help but feel he’d caused it. But he hadn’t. In fact—a warning call came from the front.
“Storm Captain! We’re nearing Kraken’s Pass!”
Delivan was turning the ship. Venaz ducked as the boom sailed overhead. Captain Lasc whirled.
“Already? Turn us, do it now, man!”
Delivan was already turning the ship. Wil didn’t know why. Until he saw…how deep the waters were on the port side. The [Sailors] fell quiet.
“The Nelgaunt warned us. Or perhaps we’d have noticed if we weren’t caught up watching them. Lord Kallinad, we’re taking a detour.”
Captain Lasc strode to the wheel. He pulled out a spyglass and stared ahead. The other [Sailors] were suddenly, entirely quiet.
“Kraken’s Pass?”
Merrik looked at Inky for confirmation. The [Storm Sailor] was pale.
“The water ahead. It’s a vast, vast trench. Miles deep. And what lives in it is—at least one Kraken. Sleeping, mostly.”
The entire ship was quiet. The Emerald Signet was turning. Wil felt his skin chill.
“Navy-destroyers. The rulers of the deep. I’ve heard they ate Dragons in the old days. Or that a Dragon was what it took to down them. They ate the entire Antinium fleet, or so it was said, when they came from Rhir.”
Delivan had surrendered the wheel to Lasc. The entire ship was moving in silence. Even below—the Drowned Ships were turning. And no one spoke.
“Nothing survives a Kraken attack. Or if they do—they’re truest [Sailors] of the sea. I’d rather fight an Adult Creler at sea than a Kraken. Well, you don’t fight one. They can be miles long. Fortunately, they mostly sleep.”
“Does anything prey on them? How can they live, being so big?”
Calmly, but controlled, Captain Lasc turned his head to look at Feshi, who’d asked.
“There’re things in the deep that are more dangerous than we can imagine. Not all things are violent, Miss Feshi. And the sea has its ebb and flow. I’ve seen Tearwhales devouring and devoured by smaller fish. But they could bring down a Kraken if there were enough of ‘em. It’s all give and take. But we sail in silence now. Well clear of Kraken’s Pass.”
The others nodded. Everyone headed belowdecks. Inky reassured the others as she pointed.
“It’s safe enough. Captain Lasc is steering us far from the pass. We’ll be around in less than a day. What’s dangerous is when they move. Then—well—you can be attacked in any place the sea’s deep enough. Come on, Sea Cow. You can teach me more of these board games.”
Wil was following her down when he heard a muffled curse from the helm. He looked back. Just in time to see Lasc staring.
“What in the name of salt is that?”
