Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 32
Someone hit him from behind. The Drake staggered slightly and his spear moved again.
[Spear Dance: The Fish Leap]. His spear swept upwards around him, forming a deadly pattern of magical steel. He cut someone, he was sure of it. How many were dead?
Relc looked around. Blood seeped into one eye. He reached for a potion, drank it in a blur. The poison burned his face, side. The other wounds healed.
One eye was free. The Drake looked around. Bearclaw had healed completely. Damn. He’d killed five. But there had been more in the windows.
“Take him.”
The Gnoll howled. She waited as the others moved forwards. Looking for an opportunity.
Relc spun his spear, deflecting a sword thrust. He slashed as he parried, cutting the sword-arm and a Drake coming at him from the right. A spear could parry and attack! It had reach—those idiots looked at fighting like you had to do one at a time. A spear was art. When he had been a [Soldier]—
Someone shot a crossbow through his shoulder from behind. Relc felt the impact throw him forwards. He turned, and the shooter ducked behind his comrades. The bolt had gone through Relc’s shoulder. He heard a snarl.
When he had been in the army, he hadn’t been alone. Klbkch had his back in the [Guard]. Where was he?
“Klb—”
Bearclaw charged him. This time she swept him off his feet. The Drake went down. He was holding his spear—but Bearclaw had her claws. She slashed at him. Snarling, victorious. She bit him and he howled.
The Gecko of Liscor struggled to toss the Gnoll off. But she was heavy and this was how she killed. A [Brawler]. They didn’t exist on the battlefield often. The Drake let go of his spear. Someone kicked it away.
He was so tired. Relc felt another flash of pain across his head. Another searing flash of poison. Blood was in both of his eyes. He reached down. Spears. He always carried his spear but he’d dropped it. You’d be disciplined in the army for that.
Bearclaw opened her mouth blood dripping from her maw. Relc looked up. The Gecko of Liscor sighed as she raised her steel claws to rake his skull.
He planted the dagger hilt-deep in her stomach and began to twist. Bearclaw choked. Relc kept stabbing, his claws a blur. Standard.
“[Flurry Strikes].”
The Drake told her that, calmly. The Gnoll was trying to get off him now. Who carried one weapon? She rolled away, clutching her ruined stomach.
Relc got up. Someone hit him—he turned, shoved the dagger to the hilt and watched the Gnoll fall over. The others backed up.
The Drake looked about. Spear, spear—one of them was holding it. The Gnoll jabbed at Relc. The Drake took his spear back. He broke something to get it. Not his bones.
“Gecko of Liscor. Gecko of Liscor!”
He screamed it at them. The same shout as if he was on the battlefield. Pride and shame. The Gecko ran. That was why they called him that.
He didn’t run today. He advanced, the spear jabbing. They backed up.
“—crazy—”
“Not paid enough for—”
Extend his reach. The Drake swung the spear with both hands, and the enchanted tip sheared through a chest. He heard a scream.
“Come and get me.”
He roared. The gang was no battalion. And their leader was howling. She was drinking another potion.
“You—”
Bearclaw saw the Drake charge her. She dropped the potion, reached out.
She slashed across his chest, shoulders. He impaled her through the stomach.
The spear went deep. The Gnoll’s eyes went wide. They backed into the wall, and the spear went into the brickwork. But she held onto him. The Drake was yanking the spear sideways. But Bearclaw held onto the spear.
“Kill. Him.”
