Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 35
The [Actors] glanced at each other. And then they rushed towards the stage. Erin saw Wesle leap onto the stage.
“Which play?”
“Do them all!”
Relc shouted. He was wide-eyed as the high-level [Actors] fussed about, ushering their Gnoll and Drake counterparts into place, debating. Eltistiman walked forwards, flicking his wand.
Both Liscor’s crowd and Invrisil’s stared through the doorway. The magical door promptly went out as Invrisil’s patrons tried to flood through. And the Players of Celum began to act.
“Dead gods.”
That was all Erin said. The first play they did was Juliet and Romeo. A classic, the very first they’d done. And Wesle was playing Romeo, and Jasi, Juliet.
Erin remembered the first play, full of half-remembered lines, awkward [Actors] who didn’t know how to face the audience. But still with that spark, buried among the lines. The magic of the stage.
Now, that magic shone. You could believe the love story, see it amid you. Erin wiped at one eye as she stared at the stage.
“But they just did a performance. They’re exhausted.”
Emme whispered as she watched. And that was true. The Players were tired. Some voices were hoarse. Erin’s stage was smaller, the set less grandiose. The other [Actors] from the Players of Liscor who were joining in lower-level.
But still, the [Actors] shone. Temile looked at the stage. And he had seen the best performance of his life an hour ago. The best—until the one tonight.
“We’ll never recapture this.”
He murmured, looking at the [Actors], striding about on the stage. The audience watched, laughing, enraptured, gasping at the fight scenes.
Look at it, lightning in a bottle. Erin looked at Jasi, shining, and remembered the [Washer] whom she’d met in Celum. How could they be one and the same? But because they were—it was glorious.
She walked around her inn, as the guests turned and smiled. Greeting people. Slowly moving towards her destination.
“Miss Solstice, I presume? The Council of Liscor has hired me. My name is Hexel Quithail. Might I ask if my three apprentices and I could stay at your inn?”
A Lamia, a half-snake person addressed Erin. She blinked at him. And then smiled.
“Of course! Hey, are you a…um…snake-person? That’s totally cool.”
Hexel blinked at his serpentine half. And then—the [Architect] began to laugh with genuine amusement for the first time. The three scared apprentices forgot their nerves and fell over themselves laughing. Hexel assured Erin he was. And she grinned.
“Sorry, Lamia. Right! Of course you can stay! We just built some new rooms, so they’re a bit rough…”
“Really? Well, I happen to be an [Architect], Miss Solstice. Lovely inn you have. Could use some changes to accommodate for the Skills. And is that a secret Garden I spotted?”
The young woman went on, shaking hands, speaking to people. And the Gentlemen Callers found her at their table. She smiled.
“Hey, how are you two doing? Can I get you anything? Nice hats.”
“Why, thank you miss. And we’re quite well set up ourselves. But it’s a kind word you have for us, and a lovely play!”
Wilovan touched his hat. Erin blinked at the unique speech, but then beamed at him.
“Glad you like it! Let me know if I can do anything! Oh—and we’re serving a special drink. The Minotaur’s Punch. Try it later!”
The bar was lighting up with her fire of glory as Erin conjured some for Drassi. The duo glanced after Erin. Wilovan murmured.
“Ah. What a nice young lady. Not that I’d speculate, but whatever would the Tallman want with her?”
