Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 36
A minor consolidation. A useful Skill. When Olesm heard Tersk’s report he put two-and-two together. His eyes narrowed, and Artur looked away as Olesm checked his reports.
“So that’s who saved Bepol from eating another side-charge. Artur. You issued orders in battle?”
“I did not mean to. I am sorry. It is just that he did not notice the charge and there was no time.”
Artur quivered as he held the flag, but Olesm just shook his head. He looked at Artur, almost wonderingly, then strode from the tent.
“Is that [Slaver] hanging around?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Get rid of him. Get me Bepol and Tersk. I have a new position for Artur.”
That was how the Antinium found himself receiving his officer’s rank, a personal tent…and permission to command any forces as he saw fit.
The first Antinium to receive a promotion. The Antinium a lot of Liscor’s [Soldiers] could point out.
The Ant carrying their flag. Artur. [Banner Leader]. It left an impression on Liscor’s army. It left a larger impression on Manus’ forces the instant they heard an Antinium had been appointed as an officer. Artur was added to a list.
However, the one it left the largest impression on was…
Olesm.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Leader]
 
He’d gotten good grades in Manus. Not that he’d gone through officer-training. He’d passed through their [Strategist] courses and come out as a [Tactician] spoken of well by his teachers.
They didn’t rave he was the talent of a generation, but Olesm had been proud of it. More importantly, Lism had been proud of it. The fact that Olesm had gotten a job as the [Strategist] of Liscor was a combination of his predecessor joining the army in solidarity when the Free Antinium arrived, retiring, and being hired for another post at better pay.
Even so…that was sort of Olesm. A handsome lad. Gifted.
‘A good young man.’ People, especially Lism, said it until Olesm began to believe it. He forgot, sometimes, that it was not usual for your uncle to raise you because your actual parents didn’t want you. He had been fairly confident he was doing everything right.
Then Erin Solstice came along. Olesm ate humble pie—and then spent a week lying in a stone coffin after an undead monster nearly sacked his city, all because he went to play adventurer.
More incidents after that. He became a shadow to a real icon who united Goblins and Antinium, who did the things he, a [Strategist], didn’t conceive. However, Maviola El came through Liscor like a burning fireball. Changing everything in her wake.
You just need a spark. She was of the opinion the world was tinder, waiting to burn. Olesm had learned as much from her as Erin. Possibly more.
War taught Olesm one more thing about himself. And it was this:
Olesm was not a ‘good boy’.
Every night, he did not dream the same dream. He was no [Dreamer] or whatever class you might get. But he had a daydream, which was a night dream but not a dream…
He imagined Hectval burning. Olesm had a rough description of their city, and he wondered how long Antinium might take to break down an enchanted wall from below. Even with a fortified base, if you dug away an entire pit…Drake cities had fallen to Antinium Hives before because no one had met a species this good at digging.
If he had a single hill, or could build a tower, and put a squad of [Archers] on it while tying up the walls? 4th Company was specialized at taking walls and other vantage points.
Just put a squad of [Archers] on the walls for eight hours. Flaming arrows. He imagined the citizens might put up a defense. And he wondered how many would die.
