Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 1
And while the rest of the world heaved—the inn that had been used by Magnolia Reinhart was bubbling. No—burning with what had happened. And you might hate it, or approve of what had happened. But forget about the world for a moment. The world was sometimes a stupid place.
In The Wandering Inn, that night, many faces, new and old met and mingled. And—that young woman, that [Innkeeper], Erin Solstice. Her place had been used by Magnolia Reinhart. And she was sorely hurt.
Yet, the night was more than Magnolia Reinhart. One by one, they arrived.
 
—-
 
Guests. Old friends. New people, stumbling in, looking around, wide-eyed.
The Wandering Inn had come to Invrisil. What event. What chaos.
But Magnolia had overshadowed it. Used the inn harshly, like a piece on a larger chessboard. It was unsettling. And so—at first, they came in like visitors to a wake.
At first.
“Erin…?”
Ceria Springwalker walked into The Wandering Inn. She still felt—stunned. The [Ladies] had swept through the Players of Celum’s inn. And Ceria had just watched them moving—only when they’d gone had she ceased to be a member of the audience.
A young woman was sitting in a chair. And—Ceria had thought of her friend often. But Erin looked unfamiliar, for a moment.
Older. Tired. Sadder, staring down at her clasped hands. Like—someone overburdened, and young. Not the force of personality and goodwill she normally was.
“Erin?”
She reminded Ceria of Erin before Skinner, a young woman who did her best, but hadn’t been the Crazy Human of Liscor. For a moment. Then, hearing the half-Elf’s voice, she raised her head.
“Ceria…?”
Lyonette stirred. The [Princess] was holding Mrsha, at a loss for words. But both looked at Ceria. And the half-Elf raised one hand.
“Hi. Um—we made it.”
She didn’t know what to say, but Erin’s head rose. And she smiled.
“You did. Ceria!”
She rose to her feet, slowly. But she walked over and gave Ceria a big hug. The [Cryomancer] felt Erin squeezing, and hugged back. For a moment, Erin just leaned on Ceria.
“Sorry. I had no idea that Lady Magnolia Reinhart would—”
“S’okay. I don’t think anyone did. She just—hey, Ceria. Where’ve you been? And the others?”
Erin raised her head tiredly. And behind Ceria was Yvlon, Ksmvr, and Pieces, all standing in the inn. Behind them were the young people they’d just met, the Players of Celum—the door flickered out as Grev ran through.
Everyone was just watching, though. Erin Solstice looked so tired.
Mortally tired. She’d thrown everything she had against the three [Ladies]. And she hadn’t stopped a thing. It wasn’t just physical exhaustion, it was mental, spiritual. Ceria saw Erin looking around, blinking.
“Yvlon? Pisces. Ksmvr. Is that—Wesle and Jasi? E-Emme? Kilkran? Grev? Where did you all come from?”
“We’ve been eager to see you, Erin.”
Jasi spoke hesitantly. The others nodded, but the mood was somber. Erin Solstice smiled, but it wasn’t that glorious look, that picked you up on your darkest day and said that everything would be alright. It was just a curve of the lips.
The [Innkeeper] had lost. And she was so tired. And the [Innkeeper] was her inn. Ceria felt Erin straightening, but she held her friend, as if Erin might fall down.
In that moment, even the [Actors] didn’t know what to say. They could pretend everything was alright, but it was so clearly not. The adventurers? Yvlon looked around at the inn and shook her head. Ksmvr was opening and closing his mandibles uncertainly.
