Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 6
Pisces lowered his voice as Azam strode back down the road, having scouted ahead. He moved fast, like someone under a [Speed] spell, but he didn’t fly.
Cawe looked contemptuous, and even Bearig shook his head.
“He’s not that sort of a Djinni. He’s powerful, but no Manasource Djinni. Do you know what Azam is, Bearig?”
The [Cook] shook his head.
“I could ask.”
“Go.”
He shuffled ahead to ask the [Slave] ahead of him. Pisces glanced at Cawe.
Now here was something for his mind, finally clear and working, to latch onto. The [Mage] tilted his head.
“I’m familiar with Djinni from my studies, but I never looked into them deeply. What do you mean by type?”
He neglected to mention being expelled after only three years. The Garuda sneered, but seemed happy to lecture the Gold-rank [Mage].
“You don’t know? Even mighty Wistram…well, Djinni have types, so they have names. I do not own one, but some take to different things. You see Azam?”
She pointed at the obsidian giant.
“He can’t fly.”
Pisces’ brows rose high.
“Truly? I thought they all could.”
The Garuda opened and closed her beak, frowning.
“Maybe if he took a form like mine, but I’ve never seen him fly, so he must not, right? Bearig, what is he?”
The [Cook] had come back down the line.
“They say he’s Aethertravel.”
“Ah. Then he’s doubly-suited for his job.”
“Aether and travel. What would that entail in terms of his abilities?”
Pisces craned his neck, frowning at the giant. Cawe shrugged.
“Just as you see him do each night for travel. Raise and unmake walls for camp. Help us with weather, speed our steps and keep the horses fresh. Aether. What does the word mean?”
It was Pisces’ turn to be the expert. Normally, he relished such things, but he wasn’t among friends, so he answered without pretense, without a sniff or comment designed to infuriate.
“Another plane. A magical term. It may mean he can manipulate…dimensions.”
“Dimensions? Of what? A room? Hah! No wonder he’s a Djinni of Igheriz’s caliber.”
Cawe’s voice was scornful, but she kept it low. She was…spirited. Yet clearly resigned to her fate. Bearig was likewise cowed, and always talked about his family whom he had left without support due to his failure. Pisces shook his head, then reconsidered.
“No…well, exactly that. He could perhaps alter a room—or create a room where there was none before. Dimensional magic. Not many [Mages] today could do that.”
He looked forwards and the [Slaves] eyed Azam anew. Pisces saw the giant Djinni glance their way, and felt a slight shock on his skin.
Azam had more power in him than Pisces could likely hope to achieve in a lifetime. He was a being of pure magic, and the biggest obstacle in Pisces escaping…or for Ceria, Yvlon, and Ksmvr rescuing him. Pisces still held out hope that they would, or even the Necromancer, Az’kerash himself. He was a calculating genius, but perhaps he might feel he owed Pisces for landing him in this situation?
Azam did not grin or jest—he had never spoken to Pisces once, in fact. He, like Pisces, was a captive as well. A slave. He had no swagger, no boast; he just obeyed, and that made Pisces warier still. If he freed himself—he would have to make sure Azam wasn’t able to follow or outrun him.
He just had to work out how to get free first. This was Pisces’ life, now. Four days and nights he had marched, learning about Chandrar, this caravan.
He would learn too much, soon enough.
 
—-
 
It was two days before she even laid eyes on him. Of course, she, Igheriz’s favorite, did not walk with the others and he had…reasons for keeping her out of sight.
