Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 39
Olesm spent his time among the Antinium.
 
——
 
“I have eaten of the Rock Crab soup. It bleeds blue. The soup is filling and hot, and it tastes sour, such a deep sour as it makes your antennae wave, left and right. But the meat is so tough. So chewy. Some, I have heard, call it bad meat, but I have eaten of the Rock Crab soup, and my bowl was filled four times before I was sated. That is a soup you will one day have—if not here, then in Heaven. Believe that. Fight for that day and believe.”
Olesm listened to one of the [Acolytes] preach. Preach…it was an odd word, but it fit the odd style of address.
Nor did he quite understand what the Antinium was doing. Which one was it? He wore robes like Pisces’, white, trimmed with green, and all four arms were raised.
Theophilus? Olesm didn’t care about the words…he cared about the reaction of the [Crusaders].
They listened. However, Olesm saw a few staring more at the sky or at the food other [Soldiers] were noshing on than the [Acolyte]. It seemed Theophilus realized that too, because he had begun praying in more than single-sentence litanies.
Tersk, Dekass, and, to an extent, the three [Acolytes] and Calruz were the officers of the Antinium division. Olesm had far more than two main officers in every other division, but Antinium had no leadership, historically. A single Prognugator might command an entire army.
That needed to change. After the first bloody battles, Olesm walked around the camp and found himself…disconcerted.
The new Soldiers and Workers looked like they were settling in fine. They sat around, doing nothing but staring at the ground, plants, the sky…other [Soldiers], but the ones who’d been with the army from the start were more animated.
One lay on his back, just staring up at the clouds. Another was playing a…shell game? He seemed to be working it out with two other Antinium. Two Workers and a Soldier, squatting around.
Personality. Olesm thought that was a good thing. He scanned about and saw Squad 5, sitting around, idly watching pillbugs crawl about. One of the members caught his eye and earhole.
“…fUck. EAt pOOp. SEVer yOUR taiL. diE, DiE, DIE…”
“What is that?”
Dekass halted on Olesm’s tour of the camp.
“Ah. That is the not-Aberration, Crusader 57. We are watching him, Commander. Tersk has not allowed me to slay him, but if you would like to overrule that, I will be happy to oblige.”
“An Aberration?”
Olesm had seen and heard of Antinium going insane in his tenure as a [Strategist]. Workers going berserk and killing Liscorians…but mostly other Antinium. It was rare, but he knew how dangerous they were.
Yet when Dekass explained Calruz’s reasoning, Olesm looked around, glared at the Minotaur, and nodded.
“If he’s being watched…that’s your discretion.”
“Yes, Commander Olesm. I am pleased to report morale is high, as you can see.”
Dekass snapped his mandibles together happily. The [Acolytes] nodded, and one, Theophilus again, hastened to speak.
“We will fight and die to defeat Hectval, Commander. We will not mutiny or flee. Your concerns are unnecessary.”
Olesm looked at the Antinium, Tersk especially. He cast his eyes across the Antinium camp and shook his head.
“You’re wrong. Something is very wrong.”
Dekass looked puzzled, and the [Acolytes] snapped their mandibles together, worried. Tersk came striding up, putting on his helmet.
“Apologies, Commander Olesm. I was writing my own report to my Queen. Are you inspecting the troops for emergence of Painted Antinium or significant levels? They have not appeared yet, but my hopes are high.”
