Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 30
“No, you’re right, Aielef. I suppose I do seem rather dramatic to you. I didn’t realize how you saw it. You have a very pragmatic approach to your situation. And I have not had the luxury of finding out how I would behave. And you are right.”
Seraphel looked past Aielef. Her eyes flickered, and she shook her head.
“No man I have ever married has loved me. That is eminently true.”
Her sisters, her nieces, even the staff were all looking at her. Seraphel spoke, seeing faces, places…
A dead man grinning up at her from a bed. A child hand-in-hand with a [Shepherd]’s daughter…each one, sometimes in intimacy. The things she did for her kingdom. The last one, smiling up at her through eyes that were glassy, face covered in blood.
“They call me Seraphel the Cursed. But I think…no man has ever loved me for being me. They have loved my body, loved aspects they saw in me—never me. Nor did I have a choice. If that is a curse, I think it is not one women find rare.”
She looked pointedly at Aielef. The 3rd Princess’ mouth was a hard line. Seraphel went on.
“I have never been pleased by the matches made to me. But perhaps, then, I have never met someone I could truly love, because I am a [Princess] and they see my class, or see my past. Besides, the good ones are all dead.”
She stopped and closed her eyes.
“…I need not be jaded and complacent about it. If I am to be married off again, Aielef, it should be the one I choose. I will keep searching for happiness, even though my value is long spent. And I encourage your daughters to fight, to find something more than value for their kingdom. Because it matters.”
“You’d throw over your kingdom for your pettiness, Seraphel?”
The 4th Princess smiled like a viper.
“If it is that, or turn into someone as miserable as you, Aielef? Of course.”
Vernoue cast her spell just in time. Good old Seraphel. Words like arrows. She watched the first tureen sail over the table as Seraphel ducked.
 
——
 
Well, that was an eventful dinner. Seraphel had her dress cleaned, and thought she wouldn’t see Aielef all week. Her daughters?
She spent that night watching the scrying orb, which had the fascinating recap of the Meeting of Tribes on. At least someone was as miserable as she.
Oh, and there was the Singer of Terandria, one of her concerts. Seraphel smiled.
“Once this is over, I will find a way to meet you, if I have to hire you personally to tour Calanfer.”
Once this was over…she fell asleep, remembering the past.
The next day, Seraphel du Marquin was prepared to find her own way to keep entertained when something happened.
A flier came hurtling down from the skies as Seraphel was going on a morning ride. The Thronebearers cried out and hurried her back as they raised bows and shields, but it was a lone [Griffin Rider].
Nevertheless, they kept their guards up, but the flier was headed for the fortress. Shouts arose and the defenders swarmed out as the Griffin landed.
Wounded. Seraphel rode back and heard the commotion.
“Absolutely not. Turn them away! I will not have it.”
Aielef was speaking to her head of the guard as the weary, wounded Griffin closed its wings and the rider held their hands up. To her vague surprise, Seraphel saw it was a young woman. And she called out, outraged.
“You bitch! We’ve been dying for months and you won’t even give us a place to rest?”
Aielef turned white and the Thronebearers drew their blades. Seraphel held up a hand. Well now, she liked this young woman already.
“Aielef, who is this?”
“A criminal. This swine came here, demanding shelter for her group.”
