Interlude – The Great Race
Page 12
He said this, in the way of brothers and children, to one-up Hethon’s moment in the sun. Ryoka peered at Sammial’s head. She muttered very, very quietly. It must have been recent, but she turned her head to Tyrion and subvocalized.
“…that’s not all she gave him.”
Tyrion blinked at Sammial. Then his eyes focused. It probably hadn’t been the Waterbear. Maybe it was a horse or maybe they’d taken a while to germinate to the point where they were noticeable. Either way, Hethon’s own special eyes focused on his brother, and he practically leapt out of his seat.
Which meant the tiny little white specks that Ryoka was staring at and practically inhaling as he sat on her lap were almost definitely lice. Wonderful. Ryoka Griffin sighed.
“I think I need a bath after all.”
 
——
 
The breakfast in the restaurant broke up fast after that, but the great thing was this: Ryoka did not cut off all her hair.
She had been prepared to the instant she saw the white specks. But one quick visit to the nearest [Alchemist] solved the problem.
“A full soaking in your hair. And clothes. Lords and ladies, you will all need to stand there, please. The restaurant will be dealt with—I regret to say we don’t have enough bathtubs, so we shall go in turns. The afflicted Lord Sammial first. Miss Wind Runner?”
The liquid was deep purple and surprisingly runny. You know the feeling you got when you encountered thicker liquids than water? Syrup and the like? Well—this liquid felt more flowing than water, if that made sense.
It was also, apparently, a great delouser. The [Healer] took Ryoka’s clothes and soaked them briskly but quickly as Ryoka doused her hair. And lest the Waterbear’s good name be sullied, she opined that Sammial might have gotten his lice from one of the horses they had ridden about on or a sailor.
“In my experience, Beastkin do not suffer lice long, Lord Veltras.”
“Well, how dare they be on me? Can I aura them off?”
“I would not try, Lord Veltras. This is far simpler. Wind Runner? You needn’t bathe long.”
“Are you sure?”
Ryoka was understandably concerned about getting all the lice well and truly dead. But the [Alchemist] just smiled.
“We have our methods. Please, step out, and with permission, I shall direct my coworker, Magus Chemille, to enter. She must cast a spell, but I assure you, she will be brief in her observations.”
A female [Mage] entered, and Ryoka felt profoundly unhappy to stand in the nude. But the [Mage] was clinical—she cast one spell.
“[Detect Minute Life]. One moment, Wind Runner…ah, I see a small concentration on your hair. Right here.”
She directed Ryoka to obliterate the scourge, and then it was done. Ryoka felt a lot happier about this method. Sammial himself found it painless; the nobility, especially the male nobility, were vocally upset about being stared at by a man.
“We could ask Magus Chemille to do the same for you, Lord Pellmia.”
“That would be worse. Bring on the [Mage]. I—oh.”
It was the beginning of one of those days. The group outside the [Alchemist]’s shop was joined by several of the nobility from the restaurant who had to be inspected, including Lady Ieka. But joining that number and detecting lice with the help of the adjusted spell was none other than a man with lime green eyes that glowed violet and orange in the pupils as he cast magic. A huge, floppy wizard’s hat and bright indigo completed [Sorcerer] Leireit’s look.
