Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 29
“That was a disgrace. A [Lady] can just—walk into our city and take command? She overwhelmed us! I felt it!”
Alonna nodded. The [Mage] was shaken.
“If that was a brawl, that was the two of them pinning us down while that [Lady] stomped our faces in. I couldn’t move. I didn’t even think! I was just—watching. I don’t know how you and Krshia even moved, Lism—”
“Bah. We didn’t do anything. And I’ll say this. Damn that Reinhart, but she helped us. Don’t give me that look, Silverfang! I can admit that.”
Lism sat back. He gulped from his mug. His claw was trembling.
“Antinium. They have a tunnel. And they’re in our city. I was right.”
Krshia was subdued. She looked pale under her fur.
“They have taken no…action.”
“Don’t give me that! You saw their numbers! And they’re flouting every rule in the treaty! They have a tunnel to the other Hives. This—this could have been the beginning of them sacking the city.”
The other Councilmembers fell silent. Not even Krshia could find a response to that. It was true. The Antinium could have marched all six Hives into Liscor. And no one had known but Magnolia Reinhart. Lism drank again. And his voice was surprisingly steady.
“What do we do? We can’t allow this anymore. I say—we find as much room in the budget as we can. Damn the army—we demand the funds and approach…Fissival? We need [Enchanters] over Level 50 here today! We need to double Watch Captain Zevara’s budget.”
“And the Antinium? Do we kick them out of the city?”
Alonna looked around. Olesm raised his head anxiously. Lism was nodding, but it was Elirr who raised a paw. The Council were being served food, but they weren’t that hungry despite not having eaten dinner. The [Beast Trainer] looked around.
“We must take precautions. But regarding removing the Antinium—even if we agreed. Could we?”
Dead silence. The Council looked at each other. Remove the Antinium? In what world did the Antinium just pack up and leave? Lism growled.
“We have to prepare the city. Fortify it against an attack. Can we—reinforce the ground so they can’t tunnel up through the streets?”
“They could collapse the city. At least—parts of it that aren’t magically reinforced. That’s what one of the [Engineers] in Pallass was saying. How did we not know? How did Magnolia Reinhart…? And what do we do?”
Alonna murmured. The Councilmembers were reaching for their food, trying to think, when a figure slithered up to their table and spoke brightly.
“Excuse me. If you’re debating securing the city, I have some thoughts on the matter. It might be outside your budget, but I can certainly make accommodations to my design.”
The two Drakes and Gnolls looked up. Their jaws dropped. Lism recoiled, and the figure standing or rather—coiled in front of their table smiled brightly.
“Good evening. This is a fortuitous meeting, isn’t it? I hope I’m not interrupting, but that polite Drake told me you were Liscor’s Council. Hello! A pleasure to meet you.”
“What in the name of the walls are you?”
Lism sat back in his seat. Because the figure in the inn was an anomaly in Liscor. In southern Izril for that matter. He was…a Lizardperson. But not just any Lizardperson. Rarer still, even in Baleros.
A Lamia smiled at the group, ignoring the looks of horror or amazement from the others in the inn. He was short—well, average height, when ‘standing’. But his lower, serpentine half was long, trailing behind him.
