Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 13
The second hooded figure’s voice was defensive. Both first and third Gnoll shifted, and one coughed. The second hooded figure’s voice grew louder.
“It’s not me! Swear by the tribes! Look, just read it—it’ll help someone level, alright?”
“Oh—fine. But I’m trading all of it for the Heartslayi copy, and you’re paying for the rest. I guess I can share it with people in the city…”
Grumbling, the first hooded Gnoll made the trade. The third, Satar, piped up uncertainly.
“I—I have a story too. Three copies. It’s entitled, ‘The Revelation of Ferkr’. It’s about what happened at the Meeting of Chieftains.”
The two other Gnolls looked at her. Satar was beet red under her hood, but the first Gnoll made a sound.
“Interesting. I heard Krsysl Wordsmith and other [Writers] were tackling it…is that a copy or something?”
“No. It’s…written from the perspective of someone who was here. It’s historical.”
No one had to say who wrote what, but the other two Gnolls exchanged glances. They took the pieces of paper Satar had paid for and worked so hard on and read.
“…Huh. History? But we’re all here. Why do we need this?”
“Because not everyone was here.”
The two looked at her, and the first Gnoll, who had been to a Mage’s Guild, nodded.
“Interesting. I’ll take…how many copies do you have?”
Her heart leapt.
“Six.”
“I’ll take four, then.”
“One for me. I bet you can get the others sold off, especially if you can get more. How much per?”
“I—I can get more! Eight copper.”
The others fished for coins. Satar held her breath; she priced her stuff low, mostly so that the people who attended these gatherings would buy. She took a loss most times, but gained in levels.
“Pleasure doing business with you. We have a meeting tomorrow. We’ll go to a big tent. Someone’ll hang a fish on the tent so you can find it—near the Steelfur camps. Late night.”
“A fish? That’ll stink to the skies.”
“I think it’s a carved fish, but we’ll see.”
The group of three had traded goods, and Satar had a copy of some poetry, the two new stories, and even a free little story she suspected the Gnoll with the poetry had written. But she’d read it all. This was the underground black market of words, and there was no better place for it than the Meeting of Tribes.
“See you there, then. Alright…”
Which also begged the question why all three bothered to do it in secret. The three hooded Gnolls standing behind the tent were turning to go when suddenly, someone howled. They froze—and then a Gnoll came bounding around the tent, a huge, spiked mace in hand.
Three more Gnolls, all wearing extremely dangerous-looking armor, what looked like shell armor to Satar, delicate mithril scale mail, and a poor Gnoll with plain leather, bounded around the corner, all holding weapons.
“By order of the Meeting of Tribes! Freeze!”
The Az’muzarre Gnoll brandished the club with spikes made of some monster’s teeth, and the Gnolls in hoods threw up their paws. One of the Gnolls sniffed.
“We were just—”
“Shut up. You lot make me sick. What are you selling? Selphid Dust? It can’t be Dreamleaf. Smells like rolls of parchment and ink.”
“Killing spells? Watch for traps—”
“Move and die! Hey, you. [Guardsman]. How do you want to search them?”
The Gnoll with leather armor gulped as the three high-level Gnolls, each from a different tribe, turned to him.
Guardsman Tkrn of Liscor hesitated.
“Well, if we think they’ve got something deadly—make them place it, and if they so much as twitch on the [Detect Magic] radar, we take them down. Hoods off, robes off, lying down so they can’t twist and stab us.”
“Good idea. Do it.”
