Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 53
He shouted, and looked back at her. Eloque felt her heart leap. Then she heard a sound from behind her.
Something shrieked. A howl? A snarl? It was not either. A wail without end.
Their grace had ended. The horrors behind them had lost themselves to madness. If some had recognized Eloque…these ones flooded out after them. Shapes that twisted and grabbed and screamed.
Hundreds. Pisces’ blood chilled. He saw Eloque pumping her legs and arms, but she was too slow. They were exploding out of windows, coming out of doorways, through the cracks in stone itself.
Pisces found himself running through the courtyard, for the walls. Yet Riqre spited them even now; the walls were high and there were only a few entrances to his domain, which was defensible.
A trap from within.
Some had made it out. Fleeing [Slaves], and, Pisces thought, both caravans. They were racing away on horseback, [Slaves] and [Guards] alike. Igheriz had escaped.
Pisces and Eloque might not. A shape nearly forty feet long, flat, like a snake, stretched out in front of one of the gates, forming a web out of its body. Eyes looked at Pisces, filmy white, but focusing with malice. He pointed.
“[Fireball]!”
The spell exploded on the thing and…failed to blow it apart. Something screamed through many tiny mouths, but it refused to give. He recoiled and his mind presented him with a terrible fact.
They were people. They had been people.
They had levels. Or whatever they had gained in the darkness. Perhaps he could kill one…
There were far too many.
Something bounded towards Eloque, a mouth full of teeth replacing a body. She spun, dove. It missed and Pisces shouted.
“The other gate! Back, back!”
They ran as Pisces blasted spells around at the nearest shapes. Many were hunting for Riqre’s guards, but Pisces was drawing attention by his spellcasting. They began to converge on the last living forms.
Is this how they died? Pisces was shouting. Eloque…was using a Skill. He blinked as he saw her hop, and a monster slammed into the ground.
She was quick, yet his spells and Skills were only delaying the inevitable. Pisces slowed as he saw the gates. They were swarmed with things feasting on the dead. Savaging the captors’ mutilated parts, as if this was not enough.
They would never make it out of there alive. Pisces looked towards the walls, but didn’t know if he could get over. A wall of bones? There were too many things on the walls too. He looked at Eloque. Before he could say anything, she cried out. The Lizardwoman pointed. She spoke, a single word.
A name.
“Azam?”
Pisces’ head rose. Then he saw him.
A figure at the gates. Fighting his way forwards. 
Azam, the Djinni.
He was covered in wounds, glowing patches on his stone-body. He had been hurt, but he had cleared the horrors, kept them distracted while Igheriz and Hrome’s caravans fled.
Yet the faster horrors had bogged him down. He was fighting, roaring. Clearing bodies around him with mighty swipes of his fist. His hands glowed and lightning flashed.
It was not enough. The creatures leapt around him, striking, refusing to die. Their hatred kept them standing.
Azam refused to fall. He moved forwards, rocked back as something taller than him stretched up and dealt him a terrible blow. The Djinni stumbled, and raised a fist. He flinched as something flashed past his face.
“[Deathbolt].”
Pisces saw the giant shape flinch and recoil, sagging down. Azam whirled. He saw Eloque and Pisces.
“You?”
