Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 42
Execute them on the spot. It would explain some of the events going on in the Meeting of Tribes. Yelroan would have two feathers in his cap and be inducted in the highest part of Plain’s Eye, and be able to make changes for the better. Take real apprentices and figure out what math…was. What sin was.
He knew that. Xherw was coming back from the Meeting of Chieftains, and the rumor was that it was so big each Chieftain refused to talk about it. Yelroan didn’t wait for him or Ulcre.
He didn’t tell anyone Mri, or rather, Mrsha—another oddity in names—was a Doombringer. Not yet.
He knew that was Mrsha Stone Spears. Mrsha from Liscor and ‘The Wandering Inn’. Numbers didn’t lie like that. Everything, even the inner pink of her ears, matched the girl in the scrying orb in dimensions. He could see the numbers adding up.
So she was a Doombringer. The same one Merish had hunted and who had slipped through his paws. Qwera might be one too.
Two, under their very noses. All he had to do was speak, and she’d die and stop plaguing the world with the curse she carried.
No—no, with the very evil she was.
Because it wasn’t a curse. A curse was different. That would mean she was innocent. There was a very good reason the girl giggling and licking the cone of ice cream had to die.
He just had to figure it out. He knew the answer. She was a Doombringer. But face-to-face with one, for the first time, Yelroan couldn’t help but think he was staring at a little girl.
Doombringers had to die. He kept hearing that. But the trio, Gireulashia, this Satar, and Mri, weren’t doing more than…their own investigation?
The little girl insisted on buying the biggest hat she could and wanted a ‘magnifying glass’, though all she did was write down her requests or do some fast sign-language with Gire. Another sign she was the mute Mrsha from Liscor.
The [Mathematician] watched them try on hats for a while. He had to step away.
“Just tell Xherw. You might be wrong. You might be wrong. But tell him and…he knows what to do. He’s the Chieftain.”
Xherw had to wrestle with difficult decisions all the time. Yelroan knew it was right. He was trying to do it, and his feet weren’t moving. He kept…staring at them.
“Yelroan? What are you doing out of your tent? Are you on your day off?”
A voice called out to him. Yelroan spun around, and one of Merish’s friends, Ghamen, another [Warrior], lowered his paw.
“What’s with you? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“I…er, I’m just walking about.”
Yelroan looked at the warrior from one of Plain’s Eye’s other subtribes and saw him chomping down on a few sticks of meat, like he had. He was with a few other Plain’s Eye Gnolls.
“Well, if you want to walk about with us, feel free. This is Yelroan. Merish’s friend. A…math-person. What’s the class?”
“[Mathematician].”
Yelroan didn’t pose or do his sunglasses trick, so the other Gnolls eyed him and asked what that class meant and what his job was. He answered, not really paying attention.
“…Doombringer.”
“What was that?”
Yelroan glanced up. Ghamen looked at him and lowered his voice.
“Sorry. I just said that Merish is off hunting them. He hasn’t come back—you don’t know what’s happened, do you, Yelroan? He’s safe, right?”
“I…I can’t say. Chieftain Xherw’s orders. Confidential.”
“Chieftain Xherw speaks to you? Directly?”
One of the other Gnolls stared at Yelroan incredulously. Ghamen glanced at him and rolled his eyes.
