Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 12
A voice instantly bellowed back at Erin. It was quite, quite familiar. And disturbingly clear. Erin jumped. She hurried around to the main door.
“Hello?”
The door was decrepit. Old wood, flaking in places—heck, Erin even thought she could see through it into a dark interior in spots. It looked awful. But the angry voice kept speaking, as clear as if Saliss was right in front of her.
“Is this Xif? Go away! I’m not sharing my flame! If you’re a [Merchant], I’ll hit you. With a rock or something!”
It wasn’t coming from the actual door itself. Erin’s eyes narrowed as she turned. She walked around to where she’d found the bell again and stared.
Down low against the dirty wall was a little…Erin bent and scuffed at a patch of dirt. It revealed a shining opal, shimmering multiple colors. It swirled as Saliss’ voice projected from it.
“Hello? Hello? Darn, if it’s kids I’ll melt their tails off. Where’s the seeing stone? Argh! No! Don’t go out, little flame! Happy flame! Happy flame!”
Erin heard some panicked crashing in the background. She narrowed her eyes.
“Saliss?”
“What? Hello? Is that a familiar voice I hear?”
“Um. Hi. It’s me, Erin.”
“Erin?”
“The Human?”
“Ah! The one with the flame! Did Xif send you?”
“No.”
“Chaldion?”
“No. Look, I just came by because—”
“Say no more! Literally, don’t! This sounds great! I’ll be out in a second!”
Erin heard more rapid movement, some clinking in the background, an oath—then running feet. She stared at the door to the house and looked around.
There was even a bad garden, with some dried up bushes. The small walkway towards the main door had a gate, but it had been open when Erin had walked through. This really did look like a terrible place. But that stone in the wall and concealed bell. Maybe—
The main door did not swing open. But the hidden, concealed section of wall did open. The grimy brickwork swung open and Saliss appeared, inches from Erin. The [Innkeeper] nearly jumped out of her boots.
“Aah!”
“Oh, hey. Sorry. I thought someone told you about the bell. It’s you! Come in, come in, before someone sees!”
Saliss grinned and spread his arms wide. He was, of course, naked. Erin stared at him, and then the fake door.
“But that—”
“Fake door. Fake house, really. The door’s rigged. I don’t remember with what, but it does something if you bust on through. And the rest of the house is spelled. People kept trying to break into the old place and this is more fun than a fancy house. It’s a secret laboratory. Cool, right? Come on in!”
Erin Solstice paused. Her first instincts, in order, were to ask Saliss to put something on. Not to stare at his nudity. And third, to say that yes, a secret laboratory was awesome. But she didn’t. It disturbed her, mildly, that people kept comparing her to Saliss. They were not alike. Not at all.
For one thing, the Drake was a nudist. And Erin was not. He was also an [Alchemist] and hurried Erin into a rather comfy laboratory. It even had a carpet, a fireplace—a library—Erin realized this was more like a research room. The real place where the alchemy happened was through an enchanted magic door.
And that room was built like a testing area. Saliss had metal barricades, stands with glassware out—but very little. Erin saw cupboards made of steel, shining with what looked like various protective runes. One was open and she saw it was filled with any number of ingredients, ordered with neat little notes.
But the rest were closed. And some looked—scorched. Others were dented, but the room itself was unnaturally clean and spartan. Erin gazed about.
“Whoa.”
