Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 30
Snipers in the forests. He slashed an arrow out of the sky as a Goblin took a shot at him. A Minotaur ignited the trees, and a Goblin leapt out of the canopy, howling.
“Three ships down…First to Shore is sinking. Prince Khedal, the Goblins are constructing a land-bridge!”
“Do not let them near the ships.”
Khedal spun and saw land rising from the sea. A cluster of [Shamans] were creating a bridge for the warriors to storm onto the ships. It was rising higher than the decks; they’d be able to leap onto the ramps and kill the exposed deck gunners.
However, they had to charge across the bare space, and the ships switched targets again to create a killing field. The Goblins milled about, hunkering behind shields. A suicide charge?
No, these ones didn’t do that. Why risk it?
Khedal had his answer in minutes as his warship maneuvered towards the Goblin ships. The Goblins in the surf were skirmishing with his deck, but he was waiting for an opening. The two Fomirelin bodyguards protected the Goblin Lord—but Khedal just needed twenty seconds if he could get to that cliff unaided.
However—-a single Goblin with a giant tower shield was waiting at the largest land bridge. The [Shamans] were clustering around him, now. What were they doing? A single Goblin wasn’t…
Then Khedal’s head turned as if a magnet had seized it.
 
——
 
The [Shamans] were applying their magic. So were other [War Leaders]. The lone Hobgoblin was grinning as his fellows chanted.
They chanted one word.
“Doom. Doom. Doom!”
The first [Shaman] raised a hand that crackled with violet light. She drew a sigil on his back, and the [Hex of Damnation] activated. Then a second [Shaman] touched him.
“[Curse: Bad Luck].”
“[Mark Target].”
Another Goblin marked his ally as the recipient of fire. The lone Goblin waited until he got a nod. Then—he charged.
[Taunting Warcry]. [Fire Magnet]. [One Stands Before All].
He charged as every warship fired uncontrollably at him, a void of luck and destiny. The other Goblins charged down the land-bridge as a single target took the deaths meant for them.
The Hobgoblin was wearing the thickest armor the island had, enchanted by the Goblin Lord herself. It might as well have been paper in front of so many attacks. He kept his shield up and struck it with his sword, laughing.
He had asked for this role. But he wouldn’t die. He would not—
 
——
 
The land bridge the Goblin was on was a smoking crater. Even the sea couldn’t rush in. Had that Goblin lived or died? Khedal didn’t know. He had no eyes for that spot.
The warships were under attack. Goblins leapt onto the decks. The diversion had worked.
“Kingfall, withdraw. [Captain], take us in to relieve Terandria’s Shores!”
Prince Khedal leapt across the decks and threw his axe into the side of the first Goblin he saw. The Minotaurs were locked in combat, and half the gunner crews had to leave their stations to defend themselves.
“How many warships burning?”
“Six—”
They were aiming for fourteen. Khedal snarled.
“We are engaged. Tell the mainland to fire on our position!”
“They have not enough friendly fire denial Skills—”
“Volley!”
More shells began exploding around the Minotaurs within two minutes of Khedal’s order. The Goblins stopped their advance and pulled back as the Minotaurs came under friendly fire. Khedal felt a sting across one shoulder.
Advanced piercing Skill or magic—it had gone right through his armor. He grunted.
“Evercut arrow. Status?”
“Five enemy ships down. Three friendly. The Goblin Lord is blocking our incoming fire.”
