Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 24
Homework. It was everything from the basis of the galifts to hints on what came next. The Alchimeer, the Enchanter, and Paeth had Fraerlings who devoted their lives to uncovering clues, progressing technology.
Luan sat back and thought of it all. Dead gods.
“This is amazing.”
“Now you know. It’s one reason why we’ve kept so much magic that Tallfolk keep forgetting and relearning. There are multiple parts of the Great Project; tricks to keep places safe. Like I said, some of our people just live in villages—Paeth still works on it. Now, it’s your turn. What’s Luan’s big secret?”
The Fraerlings waited, a bit smug at the Human’s reactions. They felt they were on equal ground, perhaps that their secret was even a bit bigger than whatever their friendly giant was hiding.
Oh, but they were wrong. Luan looked at Ekrn, Noa, and the Architects.
“Me? I come from another world. Another world, without magic, where there are only Humans and other species, magic, it’s all a story. We’re here now. A bunch of lost people trying to get home. Nothing big.”
He watched five tiny jaws drop with some satisfaction.
 
—-
 
How would you describe Earth to someone else? Luan had the satisfaction of watching Noa running around, arms waving. Ekrn cut through the babble of questions and pointed a finger up at Luan.
“I half believe you’re joking, Luan. Half. Explain it to me. How? What? And would you stop screaming, Noa? You’re Tallguard, not some Inner! Act like it!”
The other three Inners shot him a glare, but Luan was grinning.
“Let me think. The best way for you to imagine it is—you know Paeth? Your galifts, your longcalls, even your schools?”
The Fraerlings nodded. Luan spread his arms.
“That’s what we have. We invented galifts too, only, we call them elevators and they run on electricity, with pulleys, not gas. We have longcalls—telephones. We can even fly, although we use machines. Everything you made with magic, we made with steel and gears and lightning. We have no magic. And the entire world has that level of technology. All Humans. No monsters—only animals, and not big ones. No other people. No magic.”
The reaction Luan got was everything you could have wanted, because it was all spectrums of possible reaction. Alchimeer Straesta ran to a longcall tube back into Paeth to tell the other Architects to get down here.
Noa believed at once and began asking a hundred thousand questions, ‘what happened to the other species?’, ‘how many Humans were there?’, ‘the entire world? All of it? Is it like ours?’, and so on.
Guidance was instantly the opposite, more skeptical, asking if Luan could prove this. Ekrn wanted to know if more Humans were going to appear, if another world was going to begin bothering this one.
Enchanter Ilekrome tried to talk five times, realized he was being drowned out by the hubbub, and snapped his finger. Everyone kept talking—but suddenly even Luan’s voice was gone. They all looked at him and the [Enchanter] spoke.
“As I was saying, I believe the Human Luan has proof.”
He gestured and Luan nodded.
“Ekrn already found it. Here.”
He placed his smartphone down in front of the Fraerlings. The rest was history.
 
—-
 
Proof of Earth was simple—all you had to do was bring something that was clearly, undeniably made of Earth.
There was no magic in the smartphone. Yet it glowed. It wasn’t a lichen or something you could just make; the material was too advanced, too unique. It was a product of machinery, industry.
