Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 13
Wil was fending off Yerranola and Feshi. Marian looked up, and then leaned over.
“Umina, I do have one of my own—”
“Marian!”
“Enough! Wil, Umina, the door! Now! The rest of you, back off!”
Venaz shot to his feet. He pushed back the others as Wil and Umina backed towards the door. The Minotaur was impossible for even the Centaurs to move in the press, and he fended them off as the two students fled out the back door.
Venaz followed them out. He wrestled the door closed, pushing back the rest of their classmates who were shouting their own questions. He turned to Wil and Umina as the two panted.
“Idiots. You have a right to choose. And you would have accepted such offers beforehand if you had any intention of giving up your question, wouldn’t you?”
Umina nodded sheepishly. She’d gotten inquiries already. Some very generous. But…it was her question. Wil looked resigned as he nodded.
“I can’t ask anything else. And I bet you want to ask your question, right, Umina?”
“Yeah. I—well, it’s mine. I’m tempted by the gold and such, but I really want to know, you know?”
“Understandable. Clearly understandable. No one can force you. Um. However—”
Venaz nodded a few times. The Minotaur cleared his throat, looking embarrassed. Foliana watched him with interest as she chewed on a still-wriggling shrimp.
“—if you’d care to listen to my idea, there is some merit in it.”
Wil and Umina paused as they brushed down their clothing. It was nearly dusk; the time was coming on soon. Venaz held up his hands as they looked at him.
“Listen to me! My idea is very sound. The Professor is known to have a vast spy network. If you ask this question, riches are the least of what we might gain. To begin with—”
He looked around conspiratorially and lowered his voice.
“Of all the seafaring ships that sank in the last millennia, there are three that were known to have born relic-class artifacts that were never recovered. Just one would be worth a [King]’s ransom, not to mention that the three ships I have right here are all rich enough in other treasures to set all of us up for life. If you ask the Professor, I know a Minotaur crew that could take us anywhere in the world—”
He had a piece of paper with three names written on it. Umina stared at Venaz’s serious face, and then at Wil. He glanced at her, amused, embarrassed, and gave her a sheepish grin. She returned it. They both glanced at Venaz and then they ran for it.
 
—-
 
It wasn’t hard to get back to her rooms, or evade the other students. They’d given up after the bar, and the few who saw her didn’t press the issue. Rather, Umina’s great challenge was drinking a bit of potion to sober up, and then picking a dress to wear.
She was nervous. Meeting the Professor in his personal quarters? That was a right few students had ever earned! She was so busy rummaging through her clothes she didn’t realize the sun was setting. Then she threw on her clothes and practically ran towards the citadel.
She met Wil at the gates. He was nearly as breathless as she, and the two slowed to walk up towards the personal quarters higher in the citadel. They were far from alone; the citadel’s [Servants] and regular occupants all waved at the two as they passed. Some called out good luck, others just laughed at the two nervous students. Wil kept adjusting his clothing. He glanced at Umina.
“You look good. Did you put on makeup?”
“Just a bit!”
