Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 9
However, she’d been killed by Hectval, and even the rowdiest member of 4th Company didn’t feel like insulting the dead. Especially when the commander of all these forces and a lot of Liscor’s citizens might overhear.
“At least they have a [Strategist]. What are we, a Baleros-led company? They should have put you in charge, Wing Commander.”
“Stow it. And shove your compliments back up your tailhole, Barkus. You all know I’m not about to take charge of an army. When I want pandering comments—I’ll go to Salazsar.”
Barkhus, whose name was adjusted for obvious reasons, laughed with the rest. They watched as another Antinium turned into a pillbug and rolled down the hill—and winced as a Gnoll did likewise.
“Hoi there! Commander says we’re breaking after the next hill! Get a move on and stop falling over!”
A voice from above. Embria saw an Oldblood Drake floating downwards.
“Huh. Hey, Maksie! You might be [Scout Leader] for an entire army, but give me lip again and I’ll poke holes in your wings!”
The Wing Commander shouted at one of 4th Company’s former members appointed to a larger role. The Oldblood Drake cheerfully made a gesture to the Wing Commander and flew on. She had wings—but no breath.
Stopping after only…? Embria saw it wasn’t past midday. Then again, the maddening hike uphill with all the falls and injuries must have been driving Olesm insane. She nodded to 4th Company.
“Double time up the hill. Let’s talk to Commander Olesm. And show these idiots how it’s done.”
 
——
 
A group of tired Drakes and Gnolls sat around on top of the steep hill they were climbing. Some were stretching or drinking water, but most were just sitting around. A few had even pulled off pieces of their armor—until one of the officers snapped at them to put them back on.
“It’s hot.”
“Yeah? The sky’s blue. Eat my tail.”
One of the Drakes snapped at a Gnoll. They were both young, below twenty, and the Gnoll growled back.
“It’s hot. You’re not wearing fur under your armor!”
“Yeah, well…I…you’ve never had to shed dry scales!”
“Oh, and that’s worse than split hair? Shedding fur? Lice? Why do Drakes have to always suffer worse? Just admit it, it’s hot for everyone.”
“Yeah, but it’s hotter for me because my scales are dark, and the sun—”
A helmet flew through the air, and the Drake ducked. It bounced along the ground and struck the feet of a [Soldier] who was bending over, inspecting something. She jumped and whirled.
“Gah! I nearly stepped on a fortune! Don’t do that!”
The other [Soldiers] looked up.
“What? Fortune?”
“Back off, I found it!”
The Drake waved her claw at the others. She plucked something from the ground and showed it to them.
“Look! I found a rare mushroom!”
She showed them all a mushroom with giant, vivid, rounded spots on it. It was purple, and each spot was a bright tan color. The Drake [Soldier] was delighted.
“I’ve never seen anything like it. I bet it’s a rare mushroom!”
“Could be worth something!”
Instantly, the other Drakes, Gnolls, and two Humans had gathered around. One of the Humans opined, backing away.
“Don’t touch it with your bare claws! Put some gloves on! It could be poisonous!”
“Yeah, but that’s still worth something to [Alchemists]. You know what? Don’t sell it. If it’s worth something, get it appraised and then culture more mushrooms.”
The squad of [Soldiers] stared at the purple shroom. One of them, a Gnoll without a helmet, pointed.
“Do we get a cut if it’s super valuable?”
“Hey! It’s mine!”
“We’re all in the same squad. Uell, don’t be stingy…”
“How’ll you even get it appraised?”
