Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 57
In a flash, Pisces was shoving him off him, wriggling free. He reached down and twisted the sword as best he could. Tenir was choking, impaled high on the belly. Pisces saw the [Guards] staring in horror. He didn’t care. He flung himself down.
There! The keys!
Tenir had them at his belt. Pisces had seen that the mad [Guard] was trusted with some fumbled at the bloody body.
“He’s killed Tenir! He’s—grab him—”
They jumped for him, trying to reach him; Pisces flung himself down, and the dying [Guard] helped. They tried to yank him off—but Pisces had the bloody key ring in his hands. To make matters better, someone running to help tripped over something.
Merr’s leg? Tenir’s flailing limbs?
A dogpile. And now, Pisces was twisting the keys free, swearing. He plunged one into his collar’s keyhole and twisted it. And felt it jam—Pisces fumbled for another and felt the hands tearing at him—
 
—-
 
Igheriz looked down at Pisces and laughed. He laughed, even as his eyes shone with that familiar fury. He squatted down.
“Pisces, ah, Pisces. After all we’ve seen and lived through, I thought we were friends, heh?”
“After all we’ve seen and lived through, you haven’t rethought what you do?”
Pisces retorted—or tried to. He was mumbling. His face was puffy. He drooled a bit of blood and saliva. Igheriz just snorted.
“Emir Riqre was mad. I am not. There is a difference. I thought we were friends, Pisces, so this will pain me. Also—I thought you were a smarter man! After all, you thought I would entrust Tenir with a key to your collar? Or any other man?”
Pisces stared up at him. He had grabbed for the other [Guard]’s keys when all of Tenir’s had failed. But even theirs hadn’t worked. Now, Igheriz waggled a key in a mimicry of the [Guard].
“It was a neat trick, I admit. But no [Guard] has a key to your collar, Pisces. They are all different, all the special ones! What fool would have but one key to every lock?”
He chortled. Then shook his head.
“You killed Tenir. I did not know you could do such a trick with a sword. It was even a favor; he was mad, and Merr has you to thank. So I will be gentle. I will not break any bones. But we will hurt you. Oh yes. And if you rebel one more time? Well, the Naga can have you without your gems.”
He sighed. Then motioned for his [Guards]. Pisces bared his teeth in defiance—until he saw what they were doing.
Heating up pokers in a brazier. He looked at Igheriz. The [Slave Master] sighed.
“Did you think we would just beat you? Pisces, I thought you were smarter. This does pain me.”
The other [Slaves] listened. Cawe put her talons over her earholes. She edged away, nevermind that it put her close to a watching [Guard], flexing her hands and hiding her face. Astotha could not; she was tending to Merr. First, Pisces refused to make a sound, though they smelled burning flesh.
But they wanted him to scream, his tormentors, and they would not stop. So he began. He cried out so they would stop.
They kept going.
Qshom had his head in his lap and was covering the ears. He looked at Bearig. The [Cook] had a little person in his grip. The other [Slave] who had survived.
Rophir. The half-Elf boy did not look up, or even listen. His eyes were blank. His parents had been left there, finally at peace, but he was not.
Shein, Droppe, they all heard Pisces’ voice rise in desperation and looked away.
“Stop! Stop! Enough—please—”
Please. Even then, they did not. The only person who did not look away among the [Slaves] was Eloque. She watched Pisces. Watched him suffer. She said nothing, but looked at him, meeting his eyes after it was done.
