Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 13
There had to be! Ryoka gaped up at the sunny ceiling, which looked like it was actually outside. Onto a beach on the far end, and what looked like a damn reef and other underwater nods. She heard laughter, the clink of glass.
“…so there I was. And I realize—they’re flirting with me. Both of them!”
“No. Twins? What did you do?”
“Nothing. Do you think I’m going to shed my disguise? ‘Rhisveri the mighty’ told me to keep it quiet. But could you believe it? Prince and princess of…? Do you think they were serious?”
“I don’t know. I wish I could travel.”
“Maybe next time you can come with. I was just—Gilaw, come in. You can swim in that form?”
A defiant woman’s voice, rather like a squawk, but translated through a Human set of vocal chords, answered.
“Suit yourself, but we’re not coming over. You have to learn to swim…come on. Aunt Fithea! Aunt Fithea, tell Gilaw to stop being silly and…”
A laughing group was in the middle of the body of water. They were teasing a dark-skinned woman with her huge mane of hair. She looked decidedly younger, despite the illusory spell, as she nervously peered into the water she was definitely afraid of entering. Not that she should have feared drowning.
Not among the company of the laughing group inside. They weren’t actually all that Human. Maybe it was inbreeding with Drowned Folks or a mistyping of legends—or they’d grown more Human in later legends. But some had beautiful scales, rather than skin.
Ryoka saw light silver scales running down one young man’s arms. Gills, or something, and fin-like protrusions. Webbed fingers.
Completely Human on others. There were only, oh, eleven she saw visible. Eleven. Yet they swam around, as energetic as could be. With floating dishes, gossiping, talking about their experience on land, as fast in the water as Ryoka was on land. Maybe faster.
After all. They had huge tails, some forked, others the single flipper you imagined. Some didn’t have scales, but a shark’s ‘skin’. Some had predatory teeth, others not.
Nevertheless…they were definitely Mermaids. A laughing young man turned sun-bronzed skin to the door. He saw Ryoka instead of Fithea and went still. Gilaw, shuffling away from the water, glanced up.
“Uh.”
Ryoka had not expected Merfolk of all species. It made sense. Drowned Folk existed. Unicorns had once existed. Why not Mermaids? But she just hadn’t—
“A Human! An intruder! She’s seen us!”
One of the Merfolk screamed. He pointed at Ryoka with a look of such genuine terror Ryoka backed up.
“No, wait. I was invited—”
“Call Rhisveri! Flee! Flee! Gilaw, run!”
They dove so fast Ryoka didn’t even get a chance to answer. Gilaw looked as the Merfolk dove, and Ryoka felt the underwater panic vibrating beneath her. Gilaw rose, her eyes flashing.
“Oh shit. Gilaw, Fithea invited me. Fithea—”
Too late. The Great Knight charged at her with a cawing scream. One fist raised—and she did look like she knew how to brawl. Ryoka backed up.
“Gilaw, don’t—”
The immortal leapt. It was a predatory strike, and it might have actually torn out Ryoka’s stomach or throat, for all it wasn’t the way Humans should move. It would have worked, but Gilaw ran into a wall of wind. It flipped her into the pool.
She landed, eyes wide, and immediately began thrashing and drowning, making screaming protests. Ryoka hesitated, but she saw the Merfolk moving in the water below.
