Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 7
Yerranola instantly raised her hand. The others did likewise. Wil was slowest. With good humor, he rose. He walked up the deck, on top of the world. True, nothing was happening now and they had more time at sea—but he had done it.
Strange—he didn’t feel like he’d earned the blades. And he hadn’t. But then—he wasn’t going to own any of them. Privately, in his heart of hearts, Wil was hurt by that too. He would have loved to own…well, he didn’t even know what the swords did. And that was for the best.
“Delivan, do we have anything to drink? We’re out.”
Wil hailed the [First Mate] on the deck. The man looked up. So did Inky and a small gathering of [Sailors]. The [First Mate] grimaced.
“You too? This might be worse than I thought. Lord Kallinad—we might have a situation on our hands that needs resolving soonest.”
Delivan glanced around. So did Wil, reading the expressions on the other sailors.
“What’s wrong?”
“We’re out of drink. We must have used it up all during the party.”
Inky crossed her arms. She looked bad-tempered. The other [Sailors] murmured. Wil hesitated.
“Well, we’re about a week from our destination. We’ll have to make do.”
“No, we bleeding well won’t.”
Begal snapped. The [Lord] looked at him. Delivan gestured.
“Lord Kallinad. Might I explain a few customs of the sea? Including the Sailor’s Ration? Captain Lasc! We’ve a situation on our hands.”
He looked grave. And Wil slowly realized they’d reached the [Sailor]’s worst nightmare. Worse than krakens, or monsters, or being becalmed.
No. Rum.
 
—-
 
The Merchant’s Garden
 
The Sailor’s Ration was a nautical term. It referred to, well, the standard food a [Sailor] got per day. If they were running out, it might not be much food, or good food. Of course—any good ship had bags of holding, and barrels besides.
Horrible hardtack, water, bread—all that could be eaten. But what couldn’t run out, the truest part of the Sailor’s Ration that they really meant when they referred to it was—rum. Alcohol. Liquor of any kind.
It could not be allowed to run out. Or dire things happened.
“Y’see, Lord Kallinad, a man or woman on the seas can live eating hardtack, even with their bleedin’ gums. They can fight monsters and sail through storms. But not go thirsty. Each [Sailor] gets their tot per day. And they need it. It’s the only thing that keeps them going. It runs out and, well, it’s bad.”
Delivan explained as Captain Lasc cursed over the absence.
“We shouldn’t have breached so many kegs. But I didn’t think to count for the celebration. There’s no hope for it. We’ll have to find someone to trade with. Worst case? We make for the House of Minos.”
“Over alcohol? Captain Lasc, you agreed that being covert was key!”
Wil was aghast. The [Storm Captain] shook his head.
“Lord Kallinad, lack of the Sailor’s Ration is the surest path to mutiny. I won’t risk it. The crew? They drink the stuff with each meal. You want to imagine what happens when it runs out? Fights will start occurring within the day.”
The [Lord] covered his face. He could just imagine; he had classmates who were just as alcoholic.
“Please tell me we don’t have to visit a port.”
He wasn’t about to have every [Thief] coming after the treasure. Although…did Minotaur [Thieves] exist? That might almost be worth seeing. But the [Captain] was shaking his head.
