Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 29
“No, sir. My duty to House Kallinad comes first.”
“If you’re sure.”
Wil gritted his teeth.
“I am, Professor.”
The Fraerling watched him. And the he nodded.
“You have the right to ask me any question in the world, Wil. Any one at all. You chose, and so, to the best of my knowledge, I’ll reply. What aids House Kallinad the most at this moment? I’m honored they think I would know. The Forgotten Wing Company has no contracts with Terandria and I have visited the continent only a handful of times. However, somewhat ironically, I do know something of value. Worthy of the question.”
Wil looked up. Niers stood, and took his cup. He stared into the clear liquid before turning back to Wil, and his tone was brisk.
“Wil. Your half-brother—no, pardon me, your cousin, Girent, is engaged to a member of House…blast, I’m a bit drunk. House Havrington, isn’t that right?”
“The du Havrington family, yes, Professor.”
Wil sat up, suddenly alert. The Titan nodded.
“What do you think of them? Between us?”
Wil was cautious, but he relaxed as he looked around the Titan’s rooms, one of the most secure in the world.
“I—know some of them. I can’t say I’m fond of their family, Professor. They’re rather…”
“Human-centric? Bigoted? I’ve met them too, Wil. This is just between us.”
“All of the above, sir. But my father wants peace with them. Hence the marriage.”
“And he is marrying a girl. Thirteen. Lady Cassicel Havrington, who would be by bloodline next in line to the position of [Marquis] and fourth by blood to the Havrington’s own line of succession. Correct?”
Wil nodded slowly.
“Yes—yes. It’s just political. She’ll live in our household. Girent isn’t happy about it, but he doesn’t have to live with the du Havringtons, and this is a big concession for them to end the hostilities between our families, so we’re putting a lot into the marriage. What of it?”
Niers took a gulp from his cup. The fiery liquid burned his throat. The Titan sighed.
“It’s a sham. The marriage, I mean. The entire damn thing is fake.”
“What?”
The [Lord] sat up, alarm written over his face. Niers held up a hand.
“Don’t panic! This isn’t an assassination at a wedding. Nothing so dramatic. Rather, it’s political. Messy. Lady Cassicel is not a pure-blood bloodline. In fact, her grandmother was a commoner. By marrying her, you’ll invalidate your offspring unless you induct her as a Kallinad. Either way, it will be a disaster politically.”
“Yes—but how do you know that, sir? That would be a scandal! If we married Girent and they revealed her blood wasn’t pure, it would be a scandal! And we gave them—would they reveal it now? No—in a decade!”
“Perhaps when your father passed or later still. It would be used at the most opportune time to embarrass the Kallinads, perhaps if your family were trying to leverage your ties against the du Havringtons. Either way, they gain a truce and a weapon to use against you.”
Wil nodded. He was aware of the politics, more so than Niers. He sat back, staring.
“This is huge. But how do you know this, Professor? This should be the most secret of information. Only the family of the du Havringtons would know this, unless there was a leak…?”
Niers shook his head.
“Not that I know of. And I only know this information by coincidence. You see, Wil—Lady Cassicel. I knew her grandfather.”
“How?”
Wil leaned over. Niers gestured at him to take a drink. He returned to his seat, speaking crisply.
