Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 29
“I’ve got to introduce Pisces to her. This is…Khelta.”
“Of Khelt?”
Mrsha’s jaw dropped as she met Fetohep’s forebear. She was so pretty! Nothing like Fetohep, who could have used some of that makeup. For his entire face. Erin stared for a long time at Khelta.
“She really was amazing. There are so many…you should meet Serept. And His-Xe. And…I’ll show you them all.”
One by one, they walked past the rulers of Khelt. And then a coven of [Witches]. Numbtongue’s eyes widened as he saw one shaped like a tree—and another quite fetching [Witch] who was half-Shark.
“Nice teeth.”
“Numbtongue! She’s the most powerful [Witch] ever to walk the sea floor!”
“Yeah. And she has nice teeth. They would like the compliments, I hope.”
Barsoijou grinned at Numbtongue, and Erin wiped at her eyes.
“Yeah. I bet she would. Come on. I don’t see…I don’t see Xarkouth. I hope I never do. He was the bravest—”
Who? The Goblin and Gnoll looked at each other. But Erin took something from this walk. Her back straightened. She looked around and called out.
“This is the statue I wanted to see. The statues, I mean. They’re all the ones I want to see. But not the one I’m thinking of. Show it to me. They deserve a place, or do they predate…you? They deserve a spot. Show me.”
The mists gathered so thickly around her that the [Bard] was afraid he’d be cast out of whatever was happening, despite everything. Mrsha was hugging Erin’s leg, no longer as excited.
“Erin…”
“I can’t see them. Where are they? Light. I need…”
Since she had one free, Erin raised a hand. She conjured a glowing ball of fire. It was blue. Blue like depression and sadness and this garden. It didn’t illuminate very far until a pink glow flickered through it. Numbtongue stared as the fire of depression and glory mixed, twin flames pink and blue.
“I should have brought that lantern. I need better fire. I need…this might do for now. Two flames beat one.”
Erin held the two flames aloft, and they burned fiercer. The mists began to part. But they still—struggled. So Erin hesitated. Then she lifted her burning palm to her lips. She closed her eyes and blew.
The flames burned outwards from her palm, impossibly far. Not like Dragonbreath—more like a billowing cloud of gentle fire, piercing the mists. They blew past a [Witch], a stern woman with spectacles that Mrsha was sure would pull her ear and teach her things. But Califor was half-smiling. With rare approval. The flames licked past her and illuminated a shape in the far distance.
Numbtongue’s breath caught. He didn’t know why. He just saw—for a second—something in the far distance that made his heart stop in his chest. Not figuratively. Literally. He clutched at his chest and let go of Erin’s hand, but he wasn’t ejected. Not yet.
The flames of nostalgia burned around a short statue. No—a lot of short statues. And one tall one. Numbtongue’s crimson eyes widened. He averted his gaze. Erin didn’t notice the way he held his chest. Confused—Mrsha peered into the distance.
Was it…a bunch of Mrsha-sized people? It looked like it. They even had facial hair. But Erin just sighed and smiled.
For the flames revealed a huge grin. A jester’s laugh. They chuckled, waiting for her, knowing she could do it. She’d tricked even the garden. So there they were. She pointed.
“Look, Mrsha. Gnomes.”
Gnomes? Mrsha peeked wide-eyed at a Gnome with flight goggles and an astronaut’s vest. Zineryr waved at her. Erin’s gaze was locked on him.
