Interlude – Bird
Page 2
“That is correct. I am Bird. I hunt birds. With my bow. It is in my room.”
Bevussa blinked. She looked around for Erin and heard swearing as Erin tried to wrestle with a keg under the counter. Bevussa rubbed at her forehead and began to understand what Erin had meant.
“Okay, I think I get what you’re saying. Your name is Bird. But you’re a hunter.”
“That is correct. I am a [Hunter]. I hunt birds.”
“…Why did you name yourself Bird?”
The Worker shrugged.
“I like birds. Should I not name myself Bird?”
“Well, you have to admit it’s confusing.”
“I do?”
Bird tilted his head back and forth. Bevussa stared at him and then turned and called to Erin.
“Hey, how’s that drink going?”
“I dunno! Do you put wine in kegs? Cause this looks like wine!”
The Garuda debated asking for a glass regardless, then decided that she wasn’t that desperate. Yet. She turned back to Bird and tried to make sense of it all.
“You just liked to call yourself Bird, is that it? That’s fair. I guess.”
Bird nodded.
“Yes. But I am also named Bird after Henry Edward Bird, who played chess and was important. He was a Human who invented the Bird’s Opening and Bird’s Defense in chess.”
Bevussa put her head on the table.
“I’m so confused.”
She just wanted a drink. Bevussa’s head lay on the table for all of three seconds, until she felt a very tentative touch on the back of her head. She looked up immediately and Bird snatched his hand back.
“Don’t touch the feathers.”
“I am sorry. They were very pretty.”
“Yeah, and they’re mine. You don’t see me pulling your antennae.”
“I am sorry.”
Bird looked down at his hands. He seemed to shrink. Bevussa’s fury instantly cooled off. She stared at Bird.
“Hey, sorry. I just thought you were one of those creepy Drakes who—it’s okay.”
“But it is not because you said so. I am sorry.”
The Worker stared at his hands. Bevussa looked around helplessly. She was about to shout at Erin that she really needed her at the table rather than a drink, and then a few things clicked in her head. Something Erin had mentioned. She stared back at Bird.
“How old are you, Bird?”
“Oh. I am two. I will be three sometime in the fall.”
Bird brightened up. Bevussa stared at him.
“You’re three?”
“Yes. I am old for a Worker. Most die when they are around two years old. Due to monsters eating them. We are rotated to the front lines often. I did not die, and now I am at Miss Erin’s inn, where there are monsters too sometimes. But I have not died yet, so that is good.”
Bird nodded happily. Bevussa stared at him. Then she sat back in her chair.
“Oh. Oh. And you’re—the Antinium are really—Ancestors, I had no idea! And—hey, can all Workers speak? Do they all have names?”
She looked at Bird. He shook his head.
“No. Most Workers have no names. If they did, they would be Individual. And if you ask them and they do not, they would be Aberration.”
“What’s that?”
Bird hesitated.
“That is a very bad thing. Aberrations kill other Workers. They say not-good things about the Queen and Revalantor Klbkch comes and kills them. Or Soldiers do.”
“So they’re criminals?”
The Worker hesitated.
“I…do not think so. They are just upset.”
“I see.”
The Garuda tried to square that with what she’d heard of the Antinium. Aberrations—yes, she’d heard of the Antinium going berserk, but that was in battle. And you almost never saw Antinium outside of their Hives, and obviously no one ever went near an Antinium Hive unless you wanted to die. Except in Liscor, the strange city that had welcomed them. She’d heard stories—
