Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 30
He did not want war. He did not want strife. But never let it be said that he did not prepare properly, or did not understand such things. Yazdil had acquired experts in every field. And he employed what he did not collect.
In this case? The [Alchemist] had labored long. He—and the four assistants—had been part of the Mad Ones, who had ended up as [Slaves]. Now, the slightly-crooked man approached the Emir.
“Yazdil. Yazdil! Success!”
“Is it the kind of success I should observe behind a forcefield?”
The Emir had already changed his rings for a Ring of Protection. And he was ready to slither behind the barricades in the wide room. The [Alchemist] was rubbing his hands together.
“No! Maybe! But we’ve finally figured it out. Look!”
He pointed. The Emir peeked around the edge of a reinforced mithril-plated barricade and saw a still-hot tube-thing in the center of the underground room.
“Ah. It didn’t explode?”
“It didn’t explode. And you should see what it did to the wall!”
Emir turned his head. He sighed.
“I liked that wall. Can you replicate it?”
He eyed the tube. It was a large one, and there were dozens upon dozens of busted-out copies. Made of types of metal—steel, Dwarfsteel, mithril, even enchanted wood! But all had been torn apart.
“Of course. But we have to test how much it can handle. And how many times it can work before it explodes!”
The [Alchemist] threw up his hands happily. The Naga sighed. It was hard keeping him on track.
“Good. Then test. And try the smaller ones?”
“They’re too small. Why make a small one if you can make one the size of a wagon?”
Yazdil rubbed at his head.
“So you can carry it, Tinn. So you can carry it.”
“Ah. Well. We’ll work on that. But how many would you like? We’ve been experimenting with the…the…assembly idea. It works. Will you sell them?”
“No.”
The [Alchemist] looked disappointed and hurt. Yazdil clarified.
“That is, not yet, Tinn. Why sell it? Produce it, and we will store it away. Improve your designs.”
“We need more sulfur. That’s the tricky stuff. The charcoal is easy, and the [Alchemists] have the other materials. We’re even experimenting with magical additives…”
“If you cause another earthquake, I am going to make you work on the other projects.”
The [Alchemist] hesitated. The recipe for black powder was one thing—but then he’d decided to add blazepowder, and other explosive alchemical ingredients to the mix.
That was one reason why progress had been set back, and the thirty-plus [Alchemists] and assistants were down to five. Yazdil had been most upset and was scouting for people who fit his exacting criteria.
“It will be used, though?”
“Oh yes. A time will come for it, Tinn. Until then, be safe. Work hard.”
The Naga looked past him, at the smoldering cannon prototype as the assistants gingerly cooled it. Put in the powder hot and it might detonate. Another important lesson.
He had never desired conquest. And still did not. He would rather let the other world lie, but he had no idea why the two worlds were meeting. Yazdil wanted an end to it. But he prepared for the worst.
If the worlds met, or the ideas from Earth came to fruition here—and they surely would—things would change. The ideas of Earth might inform this world, and Roshal come to trouble.
Well, they had tried before. Terandria, other nations. To usurp or steal or shut down. Let them come. Roshal was his. This was his world. The Naga twined around Tinn possessively as the [Alchemist] muttered that he was too busy for sex!
If you would take my world away from me, come. The Naga would hold onto what was his until the last.
 
 
 
 
