Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 50
“This just in: news from northern Izril. Our latest report is confirmed—Mihaela Godfrey…was intercepted a hundred miles out of First Landing with five other Couriers by the Guild of Assassins. They…lost the battle. Two Couriers are dead. Lancel the Leaper and the Firedrake of—”
“No!”
Someone shouted. That was a Drake Courier. The person was shushed and Saliss heard the rest.
“—tress Godfrey injured badly. Both legs broken, but…the ah, [Lord] of House Veltras made an open appeal shortly after the news broke for a cure for his sons, who are believed to be poisoned…”
That was a different kind of evil. Wrymvr—you could look at it and see something that should die. It had been made like Crelers. It was Antinium—Saliss wondered if Shirka remembered.
This? Just another thing he’d erase off the earth. If it were that easy.
The Drake was just so tired, though. Saliss watched as Tyrion Veltras’ appeal was broadcast and shook his head. Then he walked on.
Not to his lab. It was a lonely place. The [Alchemist] walked a bit. Walked into a gate. Waited by a door. Walked through the door and tossed some gold coins into a jar since someone said you had to, these days.
 
—-
 
A naked Drake sat in a chair at a table in the corner of the room. An [Innkeeper] peeked at him.
“Hey, buddy…you seem sort of down. Everything…everything okay? Should I hit Chaldion gently or something for you?”
Why were they so alike? The Drake didn’t look up as Erin Solstice peered anxiously at his face. He was just tired. Drinking water, nibbling at fries.
The little Gnoll had come over to steal them, taken one look at Saliss, put the fries back on the plate, and gone to get Erin. Of course—she’d already been here.
“Is something wrong, Saliss? I’d like to help, if I can.”
“Can you make a multi-elemental explosive?”
“…N—maybe?”
He almost smiled. But he was frustrated. So—upset. The Drake’s head rose. He tried not to, but he snapped.
“I do it because I’m an adventurer. Supposedly the ‘hope of the Walled Cities’. But what about you? How do you do it?”
Erin blinked uneasily at Saliss.
“Make explosives?”
“Smile.”
The Drake looked at Erin. He shook his head. And had the guilty pleasure of watching hers wink out for a bit.
“Why are you still smiling after all the bad things that have happened?”
“Oh.”
The [Innkeeper] sat there. And like Chaldion—like and unlike—she seemed to know that a trite answer would mean Saliss tossing the glass of water in her face. So she gave it some serious thought.
“Maybe—maybe because if I smile, other people are more likely to, right?”
“That’s a good theory. It works.”
“Uh huh.”
Erin waited. Saliss smiled mirthlessly and looked up.
“There’s just one flaw in your formula. Someday. Someday, you’ll have too much bad in your life to smile. A mountain’s worth of crap for every good moment. Will you still smile then?”
In this moment, Saliss knew his words were prophetic. He looked at Erin. And his eyes said, ‘look at me. You think you’ve had enough bad days? They will come again and again. Will you be like me?’
They were rather alike after all. He was just older. So more had happened. And it had worn him down. Erin met Saliss’ gaze and shivered.
One Siege of Liscor? One Skinner attack? One skeleton and Creler nest? The Drake looked at her, daring to play the numbers game. Because he could probably name two for every one of hers. Ten?
That wasn’t the point. Erin closed her eyes again. It was also tempting to try to cheat. Give the [Alchemist] a Faerie Flower drink. A shot of glorious fire, happiness, if it was on tap.
