Interlude – Flos
Page 20
Her voice was loud enough for the other people watching to hear. Nawal admired her poise. This foreigner woman had the respect of the bazaar, and could slice apart the [Slaver] and his thugs without repercussion if they called her bluff. And the [Merchant] knew it. He backed up and the [Slaver], realizing the same, fled. The thugs he’d hired melted away as the young man turned.
“Gaz—”
She slapped a hand over his mouth and he staggered. She stared at him and his eyes widened.
“Gabrielle! I thought you’d lost me!”
“I didn’t lose you. You wandered off and I was waiting for you to find me. But you found something interesting so I decided to wait.”
Gabrielle, the mysterious woman, turned to Nawal. She had a slight smile on her face.
“So you’re a Tannousin [Blacksmith]? You, a woman?”
She knew about Clan Tannousin! Nawal straightened, pride in her voice.
“I am. Though I may be a woman, I am the only successor to my father’s craft, master that he was. I can forge true blades of Naq-Alrama steel, woman-touched though they may be!”
Her announcement drew a murmur from the crowd, a disapproving one, but Nawal only had eyes for Gabrielle and the young man. They looked at each other and the young foreigner spoke.
“I think our uh, master won’t mind that Gaz—Gabrille. What do you think?”
“I think he would accept such a blade gladly, no matter what hands touched it.”
Gabrielle looked thoughtfully at Nawal.
“Do you truly claim to have your father’s skill?”
Nawal drew herself up, her eyes flashing. She raised her voice as she stood with her brother’s dead body lying at her feet. She would grieve for who he was and who he had been later. But this was pride and steel—it was the pride of her clan.
“Lead me to your master, foreign warrior! Pay my cost and I will forge your master a blade sharper and finer than any he has laid eyes on in his life! My oath on it! I swear it on the body of the man-who-was-my-brother, cursed be his name!”
She pointed at her brother with her dagger and the young man flinched. But Gabrielle just smiled wider.
“Good. In that case, come with me.”
She turned and began to stride through the bazaar. That was a bit too sudden even for Nawal. She hesitated as the young man turned.
“Um, this way. Sorry, I never got your name—”
“I am Nawalishifra Tannousin, a [Blacksmith]. Who are you?”
She stared at the young man, all pale skin and awkwardness. But he had surprised the [Slaver] with magic. And he clearly knew this Gabrielle. Who was his master? The young man smiled at her and Nawal drew her veil further over her face in embarrassment.
“Me? I’m Trey.”
 
—-
 
Trey had had weird days, but it felt like they all paled in comparison to an ordinary day around Flos. Even when he wasn’t here, things got weird. He now stood in a bazaar with Nawalis—Nawalishif—Nawal, a [Blacksmith] wearing a veil. She seemed calm, despite having stabbed her brother through the heart moments ago.
Gazi was equally calm as she stood at ease, sheathing her blade on her back. She didn’t seem bothered by the death either.
“It was her clan’s politics. Her brother would have died had she gone with the [Slaver]—his people would have beaten him to death the instant they were alone.”
“Oh. But Nawal—”
Gazi smiled. Her illusionary face stayed the same, but Trey knew one of her eyes was fixed on Nawal as the dark-skinned young woman began shouting at the rest of her clan standing behind her.
