Interlude – Krshia
Page 32
Mrsha looked up. The sky was pale red and fiery. The sun was fading. She stood up and clumsily aimed overhead. And she threw the light up.
And the fading sun in the sky was replaced by another. Up the light flew, a small orb growing larger. Growing, shining with a thousand shades of gold and yellow and white. Up and up, until the light became a star above Liscor. A bright star that shone down, casting rays upon the startled citizens who looked up.
And the light was warm. It filled Mrsha with warmth, dispelled the fear and nervousness in her. Made her feel…confident. It flooded her, and she raised her arms up to the sky, smiling. And when she looked around, the people were smiling too.
“What was that?”
The Drake [Guardswoman] demanded, staring up at the sky and then at the Gnolls. Krshia answered calmly.
“A spell for courage. A spell for hope. [Everdawn’s Radiance].”
“Is it—you don’t have a permit to cast magic like that—what Tier spell is it?”
The Drake glanced up at the sky and at Krshia, trying not to smile and look stern. Krshia laughed.
“It is a Tier 1 spell, as [Mages] reckon such things. So low-level that even I, a former apprentice can cast it, yes?”
“Tier 1? But that’s—”
“A [Shaman]’s spell. And I could not have done it without you. Thank you, Mrsha.”
Krshia knelt and looked at Mrsha. The little Gnoll cub looked up at her. Krshia shook her head.
“I do not know why it was so light for you. For me, untrained, it was as heavy as carrying every Gnoll on my back. But you? Ah, perhaps this is part of what we seek. Look at this, Mrsha. This is what we made. All of the Gnolls in the city. A scrap of courage, of bravery from each one. And it makes this.”
She pointed up at the growing star. Mrsha stared up at it in wonder. Krshia smiled at it.
“It is a weak spell as [Mages] reckon such things. No good in battle. No good when hearts are fearful from the Raskghar or grieving for the dead. But good when one knows a time of strife is coming. It pulls the strength from within and gives it form. And I think—it is enough.”
Enough. Mrsha looked up. The star hovered overhead. It blazed fiercely for one minute, then two. For eight minutes it shone and all who saw its light took something from it. It didn’t erase the fear of what was coming, or add a new source of courage for those who were worried about the future. But it reassured them. It reminded them of what mattered, of what was important. It was bright. And beautiful. And so for eight minutes, Mrsha sat and stared up and smiled.
 
—-
 
Across the city, people looked up. They stopped what they were doing, checking their supplies of coin, looking at maps, arguing, worrying about the Goblins and Humans, and stared at the strange light in the sky. It was reassuring. And as it shone down, they reconsidered their plans made in fear, in haste. They stopped rushing and thought long and hard about what they wanted and what would happen next.
Watch Captain Zevara stood on the battlements as the spell burst into life behind her. She swore, stared at it, and then watched it until it went out. When it was gone, she looked around and shouted an order.
“Someone get Beilmark!”
The Gnoll Senior Guardswoman came up the stairs a few minutes later. Zevara glared at her. Beilmark ducked her head, although she didn’t look the slightest bit abashed.
“Senior Guardswoman Beilmark.”
“Watch Captain?”
Zevara turned back to stare over the darkening landscape and spoke with her back turned to the Gnoll.
