Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 0

“It’s working. It’s…working.”
Geneva Scala closed her eyes as the first [Message] reached her. The [Doctor] sagged in her chair, as if someone had drained the energy from her. Relief meant that exhaustion took over.
It was actually Idis that got her up to deliver the news. And of course, they had to make sure they were delivering the full dose of the penicillin-substitute. Geneva went through a back-and-forth with the Zeres [Healer] who had given her the status update on the nearly two-dozen patients she’d been trialing the mold with.
There was so much to do. Finding success here wasn’t the end of the battle, merely the beginning. Now, growing the mold a thousand times over mattered even more. Apparently it germinated on some kinds of vegetables best.
“Pumpkins? And we need to name it.”
That was actually the trickiest part. Occillium was not a good name, as Geneva wrote back the Stitchgirl [Alchemist]. Or was it? Geneva wanted to name it according to the mold, which, in fact, had no Latin root name. Nor, as it turned out, did the [Alchemist] even know what mold she’d isolated.
But it was happening. And it was almost funny—reading the [Messages].
 
If Occillium—working name—is viable, how much of a market price should I sell it for? Have a few samples in the store…most still enroute. Now on ship, according to Courier.
            –O.
 
How funny. The [Alchemist] understood, but she didn’t know. Yellow Rivers had yet to even hit Liscor, let alone Pallass. The [Doctor] wrote her back.
 
Name the mold or identify if it’s been found before. Derived substance should be named after the mold. It will become famous.
            –G.
 
Soon, they would all know her name. Octavia Cotton, the [Alchemist] from Liscor. Once Geneva got the Occillium—damn, she was already using the name—they could announce that a cure existed. Then…she could relax for a day or two. The [Doctor] sighed.
 
—-
 
That morning, Lyonette du Marquin realized something important. It was as she was combing Mrsha’s fur. Mrsha of course had helped with Lyonette’s hair; the two helped prepare each other for the day.
“Mrsha, I forgot that my [Boon of the Princess] Skill is still in effect. I should change that.”
Mrsha glanced up and her eyes sharpened.
[Boon of the Princess]. Oho!
Lyonette’s new, Level 20 Skill was a powerful one. Hither to, Lyonette had used it on a grand total of two people. First Mrsha, then, on a whim—
Octavia.
The effects of her boon Skill were unprecedented to everyone but Lyonette. When she bestowed it, not only did a mark of her royal house appear—visible only to the recipient and Lyonette, and possibly other royals if it worked like her father’s Skill—it gave them two temporary Skills.
 
Madness! Egad! Can I have it? Pwease?
 
Lyonette read the little card Mrsha handed to her. The [Princess] frowned.
“Is Erin teaching you these expressions, Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll nodded. Lyonette rolled her eyes.
“Don’t say ‘egad’. What—what does that even mean? And spell properly, Mrsha. A young lady has good diction. And maybe you can have the boon. But I can’t just bestow it at random. Let’s go find Octavia.”
The two headed downstairs amid the bustle of another day. Guests were already in the inn, and Lyonette reflected that her [Boon of the Princess] Skill would have made her father flip. If he knew she had it.
It was unique—unprecedented—to the peons and common folk of the world. But monarchs had always had Skills like this. The King of Calanfer, for instance, Lyonette’s father, had [Favor of the King]. A more powerful version of her boon.
