Interlude – The Competition
Page 15
His [Helmsman] was a funny fellow. A [Storm Sailor] who considered himself a wit. Gaoelos rolled his eyes.
“When I can spare a few months to make the voyage on foot, Corbbin…”
“No, no, Captain. You’ve not heard? There’s a land-route that has you in Liscor or Pallass in weeks from a port! You just head to Invrisil and teleport there!”
“No. Teleport?”
Gaoelos, like any seafarer, kept some tabs on landfolk business, but he hadn’t heard of the magic door. It rang a lot of bells, and he spent the next hour talking with Corbbin and a few of the experienced [Sailors] who had a moment. It beat joining the half-Elves surveying Izril’s shores as they passed the High Passes and went back out to sea. They could probably only see a bit of the Hivelands, but it was still making them shudder.
“Strange happenings around Liscor of late, Captain. Good thing Roots wanted us at sea away from the Hivelands.”
“Corbbin—did you have too much of that wine last night? Antinium don’t attack ships.”
“Until now. You heard about that ship that one of ‘em attacked, right?”
“Myths.”
Gaoelos had heard the same rumor, but people claimed it was a Drowned Vessel that had been attacked by a flying insect. He suspected it was one of those misunderstandings. No doubt the ship had just sunk after being attacked by some other monster that was insectoid.
[Storm Sailors] were a superstitious lot, though. So was Gaoelos in his way; if he saw a Treant walking the deeps while heading to Izril’s new lands, well, he’d sail the next colony of his people down to Izril for free. That would just beat all, and he’d toss a gold coin down for good luck and sing all the songs, even the bawdy ones.
They didn’t meet a Treant at sea. In fact, after six hours, when his guests had stopped murmuring in horror and recounting tales of the Antinium Wars as if they’d been there, the only interesting thing Gaoelos saw was a single ship ahead of them.
“Looks like she’s becalmed or in trouble, Captain! Roots is already bearing down on her.”
The flag and lights system that ships used varied depending on species, but anyone could see that this ship was in distress. Many flew their nation’s flags, so the key was that if you saw one hanging upside-down or red or orange flags hanging from the ship, something was wrong.
Black flags for [Pirates]—or their own unique flags, but they were pretty damn obvious. Gaoelos had worried over running into the Illuminary or some Drowned Folk pirates, but their sea-city had promised visitors safe passage.
Dead gods, Nombernaught! He’d have to visit. It had almost slipped his mind; Zeres was the major port you went to. But he could go to Nombernaught, see if they had any trade goods, and figure out how to get back to Terandria. Or sail down to the Claiven Earth?
Wild times, wild times. At any rate, this new ship was no Galleon-class ship or even the modified Man-of-War sized ship that The Watery Roots technically fell into. It was…a Brigantine?
Two-masted, with a square foremast and a fairly generous, nigh squat hull for its size. Too wide in Gaoelos’ opinion, but some [Merchant Captains] loved to add enchanted space for lots of cargo.
Lovely, pristine white sails. It must have just traded them in, because he didn’t see a speck on them. They were all furled, and he couldn’t tell what was wrong. The ship must have been an antique, though, because it was made of old, costly black wood.
“Where did those trees that made it come from, d’you think, Captain? Guests?”
