Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 5
“Feshi, we won’t make it. We’re being tailed. We have to ride faster even if Yerranola is hurting. Peki can fly with her.”
The Minotaur spoke tensely, his expression grim. He was tired; they all were. They hadn’t stopped moving for days, sleeping in the wagon. Wil raised a gaunt face.
“We can’t. I’ve been watching Yerra. She’s…shedding parts of herself. If she doesn’t, the poison will eat her away. She can’t be disturbed. If she’s shaken about—the poison could spread across her entire body.”
Venaz glanced at the covered jar; Yerranola was making a shrill sound from within. He looked ahead.
“Then we need to draw the others off, Wil. They’re coming for the swords.”
“Wait. Help is coming. I sent out the call the moment we arrived.”
That was all Feshi said. The others looked at her. Merrik shook his head. The Dwarf’s usual smile was gone.
“Let’s hope you’re right, Feshi. If a Gold-rank team decides they want to take the blades—”
He said nothing more. The others rode on. Behind them—a group was forming.
Even on land, seafolk stuck together. [Storm Sailors], Drowned Folk—[Pirates]—were forming a coalition. They wanted those damn blades. The [Strategist] students had cost them all too much to turn back now.
The pursuers picked up the pace. They didn’t like fighting on land, with horses. But there were dozens. Nearly a hundred. They saw the Minotaur turning back. He drew the greatsword and the seafolk hesitated.
But a single relic wasn’t enough. Or even three. The [Strategists] were not adventurers, or heroes. They didn’t deserve the relics.
“Peki and I will stall them. We’re the only ones who can break away. Peki, with me. For the honor of Hammerad!”
The Minotaur snorted. The [Martial Artist] flew after him.
“Venaz! Don’t be stupid! Come back!”
The Minotaur turned back. He wasn’t salivating over glory this time. He nodded at the pursuit.
“This is calculated stupidity this time, Wil. I’ll see you at the City of Growth.”
The Human [Lord] called out. Venaz ignored him. He’d drawn the greatsword, but his mount was unaffected. Once he charged, he’d have to dismount. If his horse lived that long.
“Just stall them, Peki.”
The Minotaur looked at her. The Garuda blinked at him, fearless. Then she turned her head.
“We’re being flanked. Something’s coming.”
Venaz turned his head. The Minotaur hesitated.
So did the seafolk. A Selphid [Pirate] eyed something appearing to the left.
“I see something. That’s not natural. Fog’s rising.”
The [Storm Sailors] muttered uneasily. Fog at sea was one thing. But this was the summer, midday.
Yet a large front of grey was coming from the east. It spilled across the ground, moving fast. Venaz halted his advance. Feshi’s head turned. Wil saw her smiling.
“At last.”
The bank of fog was moving forwards, cutting off the [Strategists] from the seafolk. The pursuers sped up cautiously. The mists swept forwards—and then the seafolk heard a sound.
Howling. The Drowned Folk halted their advance. Turned and began to ride away.
“Where are you going—”
One of the [Pirates] called out. Then he saw the fog beginning to lift. And riding out of it came—
Gnolls. They were riding horses. The seafolk, used to sporadic Gnolls on the sea, stared. But there were Gnolls on horseback. Nearly two thousand of them.
“Kraken’s depths!”
A [Pirate] shouted. Their faction broke and whirled. The Gnolls howled again, emerging from the mists.
“Is that the Weatherfur tribe?”
Wil stared at the Gnolls, whose fur was dyed in places like Feshi. The [Shaman] raised her dagger and howled back.
“Not all of them.”
