Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 17
“Bird? Hello? Are you okay? You can come down to eat food. Not birds.”
She wanted to make sure he wasn’t too upset. As Erin knocked on the door, she heard a clatter and an oath.
“Numbtongue?”
Erin opened the door and saw Numbtongue getting up from Bird’s Fortress of Fluff. The Hobgoblin had a bottle of whiskey in his claws. Bird was sitting still in his Fortress.
“I am not doing anything bad!”
The Worker looked at Erin. She blinked at him. And then the cups.
“Oh. Oh.”
She looked at the Hobgoblin. Numbtongue gave her a shrug.
“Sorry.”
“No, it’s fine! I didn’t know where you were either Numbtongue—I was just going to check! Hey! It’s fine! Great, actually! If you want, I can bring you something—”
“No, no. Too many people. I ate enough.”
The Hobgoblin reassured Erin. He looked uncomfortable—Erin knew he didn’t like crowds. She smiled at him.
“Sure! Hey—you might like the jokes they’re telling downstairs. It’s all about Humans! But that’s fine. I’m gonna check on the Workers on the roof—they’re still working, although all the other Antinium are gone. Maybe some sausages. On a stick! You two have fun!”
She closed the door. Numbtongue and Bird waited a beat, and then Bird pulled out the half-eaten Wyvern wing from out of his Fortress. Numbtongue let out a sigh of relief. He gestured at Bird and the Antinium handed him a piece.
“We are being very bad. Which is good. I may be drunk.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice wandered over to the Workers with some sausages on sticks. It was easy for the Workers to eat that way, and she passed a basket to the Worker who silently took it and bowed. Erin smiled at him, and then went back down to endure her roasting.
“Jerks. I’m gonna come up with a joke about Gnolls. Gnolls—if you shave them—no, wait. Gnolls…Selphids! No.”
But she was smiling. Erin treasured this moment, jokes or not. She almost felt like she could conjure fire—but she didn’t want a memory. She wanted to experience this. This was home.
Only one thing stopped her as she walked to the stairs. Erin turned to her door. Her nameplate was on it. And—she hesitated.
Then she entered her room.
Two boards sat on the table. Erin stared at them. The ghostly chess pieces. And the Go board. It probably hadn’t been enough t—
The pieces had moved. Erin stared. The Go board was the largest version of the ones she’d shown Olesm. Not a 9 by 9 for beginners, but a proper 19 square by 19 square design. You could play games on that one. She had spelled out a message to her opponent on it.
 
who r u?
 
Just a message. A sign of something new. Erin had spelled it in the black Go stones, arranging them to form the words. She hadn’t known if her opponent would respond. Or when.
But they had. Now, Erin saw white stone shimmering on the board. Her breath caught. They had seen. And replied. She stepped over to the board. She was shaking with nerves. She looked at the board—realized she was reading it the wrong way—
Then saw.
 
a fan.
 
That was all. That was all the board said. Erin’s breath came loose. But even then—she felt shocked. She stared at the board. Then looked around. The sun had barely moved. Whoever had seen the message had seen it fast.
Maybe—they were still staring at the board. Erin didn’t know. But slowly, hesitantly, she approached the board.
