Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 30
As the furthest-flung Soldiers arrived they began digging at the valley, removing the deadly mud trap, giving the mud a place to flow out. Others joined the huddle, a quiet mass. But not one without emotion. Numbtongue saw it. He felt it, lying on his back with mud in his ears and hair. And he was relieved. He had made it in time.
That was all he thought for a while. Then a shadow blocked the light. Numbtongue looked up and saw a strange Antinium in the air above him. He was taller than the other Soldiers. Bigger. His body had a…familiar pattern though. And when he looked down at Numbtongue, he spoke.
“Thank you.”
“…Uh?”
The Hobgoblin was so surprised he only stared for a second. The Soldier’s mandibles moved again. And it was words, distinctly words that came out of his mouth.
“Thank you. Falling Snow will live. You saved him.”
Slowly, the Hobgoblin sat up. He stared up at the strange Painted Soldier who was speaking to him. He was so familiar. But the voice? Numbtongue couldn’t place it. So he stared at the markings on the Soldier’s body. That was easy. Numbtongue had his own war paint. He understood the way the Painted Soldiers marked themselves. Each one different. But this Soldier had a pattern Numbtongue had seen before. But that couldn’t be. He was—
The Hobgoblin stared up at Yellow Splatters. The [Sergeant] looked down at the Goblin. And both of them stared at each other.
“You’re alive.”
“You’re alive.”
Yellow Splatters spoke as slowly as Numbtongue. He stared down at Numbtongue. And the Hobgoblin saw that this was Yellow Splatters. The body was different, but the way he held himself, the markings—they were familiar. And yet—
“I did not know any Goblins survived the battle.”
“You were dead.”
“I came back.”
Numbtongue’s eyes widened. He looked Yellow Splatters up and down, slowly. The [Sergeant] raised one of his four arms, touched his body.
“I was brought back. It was my Queen’s will. That, and the will of the other Soldiers. The Rite of Anastases gave me life. It is an Antinium secret.”
“Really?”
The crimson eyes widened. The Antinium head nodded once.
“Yes. My resurrection was revealed to the city of Liscor days ago. But I did not see you.”
“I’m not allowed in the city.”
A pause. Two antennae waved for a second. Goblin eyes blinked.
“That is why.”
The two looked at each other. Numbtongue stared down at the mud and broken vines he sat in. Then up at Yellow Splatters. He remembered a broken body. A column of Soldiers, charging. A spell that tore their ranks apart. And Yellow Splatters looked down at Numbtongue. What he remembered the Hobgoblin didn’t know. At last, he bent and extended two of his hands on his right side.
“It’s good to see you, Numbtongue.”
The Hobgoblin stared up at Yellow Splatters. Slowly, ever so slowly, he reached up. And when the cool, insect’s hands touched his, he flinched. But the touch was real. Strong. Numbtongue felt himself being pulled up. Numbtongue rose and looked at Yellow Splatters. He searched for words.
“You too.”
 
—-
 
The Goblin and the Antinium Soldier stood on the hill, looking down across the Floodplains. The valley of mud was being torn down, and the thick, wet sludge was slowly spilling across the ground. The Painted Soldiers were getting back to work. But Yellow Splatters didn’t join them. He stood with Numbtongue.
The Hobgoblin saw the [Sergeant] watching Falling Snow. The Soldier was sitting on the ground, still muddy. Recovering. Numbtongue couldn’t be certain how well the Soldier was. So he asked.
