Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 47
She grinned. Wil stared at her as her eyes flicked to his face. And slowly, every head turned to gaze at Wil out of the corner of their eyes.
In the deeps, Captain Therrium, listening, slapped his face and groaned. Captain Rasea Zecrew beamed. She was indeed one of the most dangerous [Pirates] on the sea. Famed. Dangerous, unpredictable, and deadly.
She also could not bluff to save her life.
 
—-
 
“She’s clearly after your map of shipwrecks, Wil.”
Yerranola pointed out as the students took a desperate conference. The damage of the battle was being cleaned up. Undead parts tossed off the side. Damaged sail mended.
The decks were being swabbed again. Wil was thinking hard. Merrik leaned over and gave Yerra a sarcastic look of shock.
“No kidding? And here I thought she really was just passing by, and wanted to lend a helping hand.”
“So did I.”
Peki raised her wing. Merrik looked at her. The others were silent.
“Captain Rasea. The Illuminary. I’ve heard it’s one of the fastest ships in the world. The House of Minos has a bounty on her. She would not…be an easy foe to oust. Even if we had two ships the size of The Emerald Signet.”
Venaz was calculating the odds. Even he didn’t seem keen to cross blades with Rasea. But she was still here. Blithely insisting she wanted to help.
Lasc, Delivan, and all the other members of the crew were watching her like a giant snake in their midst. And Wil—had no idea what to do. Rasea wanted to escort them to their next destination.
“‘Twould be ungentlemanly of us not to. It’s the [Pirate]’s Code—we have to help those we do a good turn to get to their destination. Or some such.”
“We have a code?”
Rasea kicked the Centaur. She was insistent. And Captain Lasc was unable to press her off the boat.
“We appreciate the assistance, truly, Captain Rasea. But my crew and I have the matter well in hand—”
“We can’t help in any other way? Actually—we’d be glad to escort your passengers anywhere you want. Not to say this isn’t a fine ship. But the Illuminary is the fastest ship in the world.”
The woman grinned crookedly. Lasc stiffened.
“As…helpful as that would be, I’ve made a pledge to escort my passengers wherever they wish to go.”
“Aw. Really?”
“Really.”
“What if we—insisted?”
The woman laughed at the way the [Storm Sailors] tensed. She waved a hand.
“Just a joke! Just a joke!”
“Captain Rasea. We are truly grateful. But perhaps we should leave discussions of this sort until after we’ve left the Kraken’s Pass?”
Wil broke in, having come to a quick decision. The [Pirate Captain] glanced at him. Then she grinned.
“Just as you like. All aboard, mates! Let’s see where The Emerald Signet goes, eh?”
She winked at Wil. And he wondered how in the world he was going to deal with this. But he had an idea. It was a stupid one. But it just might…fail.
 
—-
 
The [Pirate]’s Promise, and a Moment of Awe.
 
Two ships sailed out of the waters around the Kraken’s Pass. Well—four. Therrium was cursing blue streak. He knew Rasea. And her ship spelled trouble.
Wil knew it too. So did Captain Lasc.
“I have no idea why she hasn’t kidnapped you, sir. But [Pirates] are an odd sort.”
“[Pirates]? She’s a Drowned Woman, though, Lasc.”
Wil frowned. The [Captain] hesitated. He was sitting in conference with the students in his cabin.
