Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 6
In its place was a floating…Dakelos stared down at it. It looked like a tiny trading boat, barely big enough to hold sixty people. He slowly looked up. The thought occurred to him, amidst the shock, the sudden fear—and the incomprehension at his situation made worse by the drink. It occurred to him that he might have been tricked.
 
—-
 
General Yerzhen chuckled as he skimmed across the waters towards the invisible ship from which he could watch the disaster unfold. He was [Water Walking]—although he was actually running.
And moving damn fast for a man of his size. He raced towards the ship, leapt, and landed on an invisible deck.
Then everything turned visible. The ship was shrouded, so once you got onto it you could see. That bear of a man, that huge [General] who had been so false straightened and saw—
Admiral Dakelos. The man turned, tears in his eyes.
“General! How could you? I trusted you! What is this? Why have you abducted me?”
The [General] paused only for a moment.
“I’m sorry, Dakelos. It was nothing personal. Just—I really had to use the toilet and I can’t shit at sea. Forgive me.”
He bowed, slightly. The [Admiral] stared at him through red-rimmed eyes and Yerzhen heard a snort.
The illusion of the [Admiral] faded. A Lizardgirl rolled around on the decks, clutching her sides and howling with mirth. There was more laughter and the rest of the [Mages] shed their [Invisibility] spells.
“Dead gods, Yerzhen! Another great line! I nearly laughed off my [Silence] spell when I heard your first one! ‘Don’t call me General…?’ Did you see their faces?”
“No. What’s happening?”
Yerzhen strode back down the decks. He didn’t look as tall or as grand as he did a second ago. His voice was more causal, less bass—but he still wore the [General]’s disguise. The Lizardgirl leapt to her feet as a Selphid, wearing the dead body of a Human man, pointed.
“They’re already surrendering. That [Admiral]’s no idiot. He’s practically screaming he was duped.”
“Aw, shame. Did Belchaus sink any ships?”
“Not for want of trying. What’re the odds he takes them all prisoner?”
“Five hundred gold says he lets them go but on less ships than they came with.”
“Bet.”
The [Mages] chortled and ‘Yerzhen’ and the Selphid clasped hands. The others crowded around, chortling at the fake [General]’s lines.
“I love your speech. Did you write it yourself?”
The Lizardgirl glanced at Yerzhen. She couldn’t have been more than fifteen, but appearances were deceiving here. Yerzhen winked.
“With some help from the [Admiral] himself. What did you think of my first introduction?”
“Good!”
The others chorused. The Selphid looked at Yerzhen.
“Was your father really a [General]?”
“Ah, well. You have to be honest for some of the truth spells. I’d have lied to the man about meeting him if the [Mage] had been there from the start, but that’s why I wanted him off-guard.”
Yerzhen winked. He did not look like his appearance, a big bear of a man. Nor—was he necessarily Human. What was true was that his name was Yerzhen; he’d used it to pass the truth spell. And that his father had apparently been a [General], or called that so he could pass the truth spell.
Nothing more. And the rest of the Elusive Lot—were just as mysterious.
It wasn’t all of them, of course. But six had been needed to keep up the mass-illusion of the ship. And Yerzhen made seven. The [Mages] all chortled as they sailed back towards Wistram.
“That does it for that blockade. Tell our associates they have a window to smuggle everything they want through. They owe us large for this.”
