Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 38
Jelaqua was arguing with Keldrass in a Raskghar’s body, much to the displeasure of most of the Gnolls in the room. She folded her arms below her breasts and looked down at Keldrass, much to his displeasure. The Drake hissed in frustration, his tail lashing.
“I’m not saying that. I’m saying the way she went about it was wrong. Or don’t you think she did that just to protect her pet Goblin and Antinium Soldier?”
Numbtongue’s eyed locked on Keldrass. The Drake glared around. Jelaqua opened her mouth to respond, and Bevussa saw Numbtongue incoming. The Hobgoblin walked towards the adventurers and the Garuda groaned.
“Oh, Ancestors.”
The Hobgoblin strode towards Keldrass and the adventurers went quiet. And in accordance with silence-theory, so did a good portion of the inn. Erin turned around from Octavia and Xif, and swore. She stood up, but Numbtongue was already confronting the Drake.
As before, now again. Keldrass shifted, one claw moving to his side and Numbtongue saw the mace hanging there. Keldrass was wearing the armor one of the Raskghar had been using—a powerful magical set. And he could breathe fire. But it was words he spat at Numbtongue, sharp and cruel.
“What, Goblin? I’m speaking the truth. You walked into a sovereign city, a Human one, true, and massacred two dozen Humans with an Antinium Soldier. Explain to me why that’s acceptable.”
“I didn’t kill any of them. And they were criminals. If adventurers did it—”
Keldrass snorted a plume of fire.
“If adventurers did it, my team or a Human one, we’d be arrested! You were only spared thanks to one Human. Her. I’m not saying destroying organized crime was wrong. But I am against one Human subverting the rule of law! That is not how government works!”
He pointed angrily at Erin. She stuck her tongue out at him as she joined the standoff. Numbtongue clenched his fists, searching for the right words. It was hard! He didn’t know what to say. He was barely six years old. He was a warrior; he didn’t know how to talk to Keldrass, or even understand the nuance of the Drake’s arguments for all he understood the words!
But perhaps someone did. In his head, Numbtongue reached for a second voice, as he had in battle. It was not him. But it was. And the memories had been given for him to use. And while he feared, resented, and was confused by them, a dead Goblin’s memories—he could do what Numbtongue could not.
Maybe only Erin, Lyonette, and Mrsha noticed the change. And Yellow Splatters. It was slight. A shift of posture. The difference in the intonation of voice. Numbtongue had always been erudite, if reluctant to show it. And he was no less so. But the inflection was off. Still, you had to know him to recognize the difference. The [Bard] rumbled in his chest.
“Hm. And it works very well already? You have [Thugs]. Gangs. It’s good to have them because the law is there? Better to have laws than justice?”
Keldrass blinked, and then flushed. Jelaqua looked delighted and gave Numbtongue a thumbs-up.
“That’s not what I meant. I’m just saying that Erin—she rescued you because you were connected to her! She cannot interfere and command other people above her rank just because of personal…attachments!”
Numbtongue folded his arms. He set himself with a wider stance, as if he’d suddenly gained weight and needed to brace himself.
“I see. Like the Gnolls and Raskghar? Terrible for her to interfere.”
A ripple of motion ran around the room. Bevussa smiled. Keldrass’ scales turned even redder.
“Don’t twist my words. That was monsters!”
Numbtongue nodded heavily. He grunted.
