Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 55
The Antinium had been issued with potions and still. Elirr rubbed at his brows. It didn’t seem quite…he didn’t believe it, but he had seen the wounded being escorted through the magic door until it was shut down to be resupplied.
“We cannot move reinforcements through. We must advise Olesm that we don’t have the mana to do that. Potions? They need potions.”
“How many? I thought they had plenty, even…”
Guildmistress Alonna looked up. Elirr pointed.
“Down the page. Hectval went for their supply lines. We now have a shortage of potions.”
The council stirred. Tismel sat up.
“We can replenish them, though. Right?”
Lism glared, directing his vacant stare onto a familiar target for wrath.
“Oh, naturally. We can suddenly produce thousands of healing potions. A shortage is…we will issue an order to all [Alchemists]. Send for Celum, Invrisil’s stocks. Someone find our budget. But—we should make an announcement.”
“Surely not. That would be admitting we lost.”
Zalaiss spoke up. Elirr muttered.
“It will spread, regardless. Everyone talks.”
“We could order them not to—”
Lism closed his eyes.
“Zalaiss. Please don’t say anything stupid for one moment. Please.”
A terrible silence fell over the room. And they were not the ones fighting. Elirr looked at the lists. The army remained. The Antinium had lost a third of their forces, but it was mercifully—no, incredibly lighter on casualties, even though the loss of many supplies was a terrible thing. The rest of the army had taken a tenth of the losses per division.
Why was that? Olesm hadn’t written out anything definitive. But he had suspicions, and Elirr’s hair rose as he read them.
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
She knew exactly who and how it had happened. It wasn’t hard. Embria had almost known, but Vell, lying in the [Healer]’s tent, had croaked confirmation to her.
“It’s Manus, Wing Commander. It’s Ancestors-damned Manus. That was their veterans. I’ll bet my tail on it. And I think that [Spearmaster]…that might’ve been him.”
“Spearmaster Lulv.”
Vell’s eyes flickered as she held her stomach. The enchanted spear’s wounds were not…easy to heal.
“You know him?”
“Reputation. His Skill made me suspect.”
“How many Ants did they kill?”
“Nearly a thousand.”
Vell put her head back. Embria didn’t know what to think. She had heard Belgrade had saved his entire division. And even if she bore the Antinium no good will…
Even she had trouble watching the remnants form up. Embria needed to talk to Olesm, though. Manus was in this war. They would probably deny it; that was their standard operating procedure, and there was no proof. But they had sent some of their best to kill the Antinium. She walked out of the tent and avoided looking at Tersk and Dekass. Both had survived, although someone had tried to snipe both with enchanted arrows.
Their armor had protected them, so the Prognugators were counting their forces.
 
 
 
 
Artur, [Flag Bearer]
 
Artur had been jealous of Crab Battalion. He was assigned to Battalion 4, Razorbeaks, and everyone had been envious of Crab Battalion, with their four commendations.
It felt so…wrong. Artur felt dirty, though his armor was still pristine. He had hung back in the fighting, holding the flag.
Doing nothing as Crab Battalion and the others died.
Crab Battalion…was gone. Tersk and Dekass looked at four squads, each with less than half their original number.
And that was it. The unknown soldiers with their enchanted blades had targeted Crab Battalion. Battalions 1, 3, and 5 had endured the worst fighting.
