Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 9
Excitable, happy Ekirra was looking at his lovely new ball. The one with stars that glowed in the dark. Only—Mrsha’s ball glowed in the dark. And it was red. And it could move and even come back on its own. And somehow, that meant Ekirra’s super-special birthday present wasn’t as special as it had been a few days ago.
His ears drooped as Mrsha looked at him. Mrsha’s tail stopped wagging and she looked at Ekirra. Really looked. And she remembered how excited Ekirra had been for his birthday, how long he’d waited and waited for a new ball to replace his old, ratty, leather one that his sister had owned. And—she looked at the magical ball in her paws.
She’d gotten this as a present from Selys. It wasn’t even her birthday. It was more expensive than anything Ekirra’s family could afford, Mrsha was certain. More than Lyonette or Erin could afford.
And—for the first time, Mrsha’s delight in having rich Auntie Selys faltered. She saw Selys gently tugging at her silk dress as Visma held onto it, promising a toy if the Drake would let go. And Mrsha realized something.
Selys was rich. Only—she’d known that. It was just that now, Mrsha knew what that meant. It was more than Selys having money. It was how Visma’s brother had walked Visma over, and how people were always nice to Selys, and how she could give Erin lots of money that Erin couldn’t afford, but Selys…could.
The [Heiress] was a nice person. So nice, and brave, and kind. But—unintentionally or not—she had managed to make Ekirra sad. She could, just by being nice, ruin other people’s gifts, or prized things.
Mrsha understood all of this in a flash. She looked at her ball, and then Ekirra, sitting on the sofa, staring at his ball. Mrsha looked at her present, and then dashed off.
Mrsha hid the ball in a corner of Selys’ big house. Ekirra looked at her, staring, as Mrsha put the ball in a pan, then shoved the pan into a cupboard, where Selys probably wouldn’t find it. She ran back over and leapt into the sofa.
“Mrsha? What about your ball? It’s nicer.”
The little Gnoll stared as Mrsha signed with her paws. She pointed at his ball. She didn’t want that ball! She wanted to play with his! What good was a ball that ran away, anyways? Only if you were by yourself. Visma or someone else might steal it, anyways.
Slowly, Ekirra’s tail began to wag. He smiled as Selys came back, with Visma under one arm.
“I think we’d better go, you two. Before Visma decides she wants my entire house. Everyone ready? Off to the park we go! Where’s your ball, Mrsha?”
Mrsha refused to answer. And Selys, sighing, concluded the ball must have hid itself. They’d find it later when she got back. So she and the three kids went out to the park.
And Mrsha would get her lovely ball again. She would. It was perfect for the inn; she could play in the garden with it, and it was great because it was special, and expensive, and Selys had given it to her. But when she was around Ekirra and Visma, she’d leave her ball behind.
That was a new experience for Mrsha. Thinking—no, understanding something about others. The lesson of the little ball stuck with Mrsha throughout the day. It was the kind of lesson she remembered. Aunt Selys was rich. But Mrsha wondered, for the first time, if that was a good thing or not.
 

