Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 16
She pretended to stab at someone. But—it wasn’t exactly a pot or pan, so her [Bar Fighting] Skill didn’t work either. Erin stared at the torch. She recalled actual [Fireballs] being thrown around.
“…Okay. No, it’s fine. I don’t need to be a face-kicking warrior. This is okay. Palt’s okay. Montressa and Beza are okay. Sage’s Grass is good. It’s…okay. I think?”
Erin sat down. She looked around.
Maybe that was it. Was she done? Done worrying? She sighed, and flopped back on the grass, as she planted the torch in the soil to keep it from starting a cold fire. The last thing she needed was to burn her garden down. She wondered if the dome was flammable.
Maybe…well, that wasn’t so bad. Erin tried to smile. But…she’d done this before. Made mistakes. Made preparations. She’d failed, though. That was the thing. That was why she kept doing it. To relax, she had to be ready. And would it be enough?
The young woman sat up and put her head in her hands. Why did it have to be so hard? She just wanted to help people. But she was terrified of her family, her friends dying—
Erin paused.
She stared at the blue torch.
“You jerk! You make other people sad, not me!”
She kicked over the torch and began to stomp on the fire. The outraged [Innkeeper] had been hoisted on her own petard! Erin was just about to snuff the flame out and go and do something happy, like ask Bird why her pond had fish in it, when she had a thought.
“Hm? Cold. Fire. Cold fire.”
Erin picked up the torch. She eyed the frost on the grass around it.
“Me, fire.”
She walked back into the inn. Lyonette found Erin again in the kitchen, muttering about blocks of wood and sandpaper. The [Princess] glared at Erin. Then stared at the blue flame in one of the ovens.
Erin had a little rack of wood in there. And she had a bunch of bits of wood she’d been industriously prototyping with. The [Innkeeper] glanced up as Lyonette appeared.
“Oh, good. You’re here. I need help.”
“What’re you making, Erin? What is that?”
“Don’t look. You’ll get sad. It’s infectious.”
Erin casually shielded Lyonette from the glow. It only worked if you looked at it. Then she pulled something out of the oven. Lyonette stared.
Erin had put a…tray in the oven. With little sections in it. Erin cracked the tray gently on the counter. And she held something out to Lyonette. Just frozen water.
“…Wanna ice cube?”
 
—-
 
Later that day, Erin was smiling. She was out of the inn, but she had discovered free cooling. Also—free ice cream. Also, free ice.
Wasn’t that the dream of every hotel-goer? Free ice? Ice cubes for days! Without having to prod lazy half-Elves for it! And Erin had begun thinking of more things too.
Fun things. Now that she wasn’t stressing about the list, it was back to doing, well, good things. Erin had discovered that the fire had something of an odd effect. If you stared at it, well, it made you sad. But you could be near it and not be affected too much by the emotion, just the fire’s temperature. So she had invented…
“Tada!”
Erin waved a little wooden lantern at Selys. The Drake stared at Erin.
“Why?”
The two were walking through Liscor. It was a sunny summer’s day. And the young woman was a bit miffed that Selys wasn’t as impressed as she was.
“It’s my fire Skill, Selys! Look, I can only make the sad one and just a tiny one right now. But it burns if I feed it, and it’s hot outside. So…this.”
She had a lantern and the depressing blue flame was inside it. It was a unique lantern that Erin had made with a bit of work and her [Advanced Crafting] Skill—along with Lyonette’s [Perfect Attempt].
