Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 13
“We color our fur like the rainbow. Because we know where and when to send our flocks. We have very large ones and we predict the weather. Well—traditionally. Our clan is one of the biggest. Silverfang, Weatherfur, Ironscent—we’re among the bigger ones. Not the biggest in the pack…and we lost Garusa Weatherfur. Our pride. She would have made us important at the Meeting of Tribes. I wanted to become a [Strategist] because she was a [General]. I would have…liked to serve under her command.”
The others stilled. Feshi looked sad. Yerranola interrupted them.
“If we’re talking about home—you should visit a Selphid place sometime. We’re friendly. Just not beloved in Baleros.”
She looked once at Venaz. The Minotaur paused.
“What are Selphid communities like?”
Yerra grinned. The same grin she had among all her bodies.
“Small. But some of our people are as old as Dwarves or half-Elves. We stick together. No one who’s around another Selphid goes hungry. We have to stick together. You know, because of the empire.”
Two species with a recent history of world domination looked at each other. Venaz gave a short nod. He sat up, looking extremely awkward. He took a long moment before he spoke.
“Yerra. I may have been wrong. Why don’t we ask this Inky for her side? Just to ratify…”
The Minotaur’s not-quite-an-apology was interrupted by a sound from the side. The [Strategists] and two [Officers] looked up. Wil Kallinad was striding along the decks. His face was white. Captain Lasc, Inky, and the other [Divers] were returning. Yerra turned.
“Wil?”
It didn’t take them long to find out. There was nothing in the shipwreck. Inky herself had found a tag that [Treasure Seekers] used. The shipwreck had been picked over long ago.
Six down. Three to go. The students looked at each other. Then they went to comfort their friend.
 
—-
 
Meetings Above and Below
 
“Nothing. That’s the sixth one. I’m sorry, everyone. I think I’ve led you all on a pointless chase. That was one of the biggest leads. It was meant to be the Gailenwright’s Eye. And it was nothing.”
Wil sat on the bed as the other five students stood around him. Venaz blinked.
“The Gailenwright? One of the most famous ships in modern history, crewed by one of the [Pirate Lords]—”
“Don’t get excited Venaz. That was it. And it wasn’t the Gailenwright. And nothing was left.”
The young [Lord] was still pale-faced. White, not so much with shock as with despair. The other students sobered. Venaz lowered his hand.
“Oh.”
“It’s not that bad, Wil. There are still three more shots. Even if—I mean—statistically, there’s still some chance of…”
Yerranola looked around for words. But…the problem was this.
It was easy to say ‘it’s just bad luck’, or ‘the probability’ was this. They’d been doing that the entire trip. And if it was just that, it would be easier to keep hope.
But all six shipwrecks hadn’t just been duds. They’d been looted already. By [Divers]. [Treasure Seekers], using treasure-hunting Skills. The Titan’s notes, his secret file of all possible treasures…wasn’t unique.
“I’ve never thought of it, but the Professor doesn’t have any real experience with sea-battles. Some, but he’s not an expert on it. He’s…a land-strategist. And his research might not exceed that of most treasure seekers.”
Venaz muttered to himself as he sat on the lower bunk that was his bed. Feshi patted Wil on the back as Merrik poured himself another drink and offered Wil a glass. The young man refused. Peki began doing squats. No one really knew what to say that they hadn’t said five times before. But reality was sinking in.
