Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 16
Erin Solstice had once served him the fish. When the waters rose, he remembered eating one. Killing this one, even in armor and the water, hadn’t been hard.
“Well, you are a mystery, Ser Solstice. Won’t you join us for another duel? I’m eager to repay you for my loss.”
“Sure.”
The Hobgoblin was lost. Metaphorically, emotionally, spiritually…and geographically. He had wandered off, leaving his people behind after the battle.
All well and good. He had helped save Goblins. Even better. And he’d even found a group of [Knights] he liked, who actually supported his ‘oath of privacy’. But at some point, he’d lost track of himself.
Again, in more of geographical terms. The Goblin [Champion]-[Knight] stared over the bow of the ship. Yep. Water. All around.
He had no idea where he was. It had been so easy to go along with Talia.
‘Ser Solstice, let’s go slay that Stone Golem!’
‘Prithee, Ser Solstice, would you like to hunt [Bandits]?’
‘Ser Solstice! Let’s get on this ship!’
In retrospect, that last one should have tipped him off. The Hobgoblin looked at Talia.
“…Where are we going, again?”
“Pheislant, Ser Solstice! Once again, thank you for agreeing to go with us!”
Alcohol was a terrible thing. Rabbiteater regretted being introduced to it. He nodded slowly, grateful for the helmet. As he understood it, the [Knights] were returning home.
“Am I…welcome?”
She laughed at him. It was so…good…to see a Human face doing that, not twisted with rage or hatred. That was why he hadn’t been able to go.
“I think our Grandmaster would love to meet such a valiant [Knight], Ser! And even if you stay with your order—we are honored by your company. Goblins plague the world over, of course.”
“Right. They do. Can’t get rid of them.”
Talia nodded. Then she grew more sober as she leaned against the railing. Rabbiteater couldn’t help but look at her, through his visor. They had been training every day. He was now a [Knight] in truth. Stronger. He had learned from the Order of Seasons, and was even trying this aura stuff. It sounded cool.
But Talia…Rabbiteater had mixed feelings. Well, a few definite ones, but he wondered how far his armor and fake identity would take him. Part of him didn’t care. He wanted to find out.
Like Talia, he was tired of being so weak.
“I’m grateful for your presence, Ser Solstice. Even if it’s one more blade—war is brewing with Ailendamus.”
“Mm. So? It’s always war.”
She chuckled, ruefully, and shook her head.
“You Izrilians. We should take lessons from you. But in Terandria, we do not have an enemy like the Drakes…or Humans?”
She cast him a sideways glance. This was one of the few times she tried to figure Rabbiteater out and he shrugged. Talia went on after a second.
“We will need every blade if Pheislant goes to war. Even if not—I believe the Grandmaster will order some of us to war. Ailendamus grows too large. First the conflicts with Noelictus last year, now this. If you would turn around, Ser Solstice…no one would begrudge you.”
Rabbiteater looked ahead. And he shook his head, slowly.
“Nothing is left for me.”
He hesitated. And clenched his hands inside of their gauntlets as he amended his statement.
“Nothing I can protect. Not yet.”
The [Summer Knight] smiled. And she looked forwards, shining in the evening light.
“Well said. Then, to Terandria! You will be a guest at House Kallinad! I only regret we could not pick up my younger brother. But he is in Zeres. And by the time we get there—well, hopefully you shall master your aura, Ser Slayer.”
“I would like that.”
