Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 0

“Let’s make chocolate!”
That was the declaration Erin made on a sunny morning. Mrsha’s ears perked up from across the inn and she raced over. It had been one day since Erin had discovered the existence of the cacao tree in her garden. And she had been talking up chocolate all of last night.
Mrsha’s reaction was understandable; she liked tasty things. And sweets. But the rest of the inn’s denizens were a bit…blasé. Because they didn’t really know what chocolate was.
“It’s this dark stuff that’s like sugar, but not, right? Do we really need to make it a priority, Erin? Wailant is going to start planting, Octavia needs her shop, and…”
Lyonette had a list. The [Princess] was the effective day-to-day manager and Erin, despite being superior in rank, was like the trusted subordinate Lyonette sent out when Erin was needed. But in this case the [Innkeeper] was adamant.
“Chocolate is tasty. Chocolate is good. It’s not just sugar, Lyonette. You don’t even know.”
The [Princess] paused and leaned over with a scowl.
“Apparently not. And would you mind shutting up about things I don’t know? You have people watching you.”
Erin looked around. She noted Montressa and Beza here today; Palt was out. But the two Wistram [Mages] might soon be joined by Grimalkin, or Chaldion, or Saliss.
“Oh. Sorry. But it really is good, Lyonette. You can use chocolate with everything. Ice cream! Popcorn! Um—waffles? Cakes! Uh…chocolate milk!”
Her enthusiasm sold Lyonette on it. The [Princess] sighed.
“I suppose it’s alright. Do you need anything?”
“Um…no? But I might need your help. And…um…”
Lyonette paused. She stared at Erin.
“You don’t know how to make it.”
Erin Solstice paused.
“Well…I mean…if you want to be technical, no. But I’ve seen like, shows. About chocolate and stuff. And I know what goes into it. Sort of. And I have [Advanced Cooking].”
Lyonette sighed. But Mrsha was happy. She leapt about! Chocolate! Chocolate! She was going to eat whatever it was!
“At least we have a fairly free day. Mrsha, remember? You’re going with Selys.”
Mrsha paused. And then she perked up. That was right! Selys was coming to the inn! The Drake had promised to look after Mrsha all morning since she had been so busy of late.
And indeed, it seemed like the world was conspiring for chocolate to occur. Because not only was Selys scheduled, but Numbtongue appeared in the kitchen as Erin and Lyonette set up what they’d probably need—butter, eggs—wait, chocolate didn’t have eggs—sugar, and pots and pans.
“Erin. We’re going out, all morning. Probably. Can you set the door for us to come back?”
The [Bard] saw the two young women look up. Erin blinked.
“Oh! Numbtongue! You’re going out mining? Wait—we?”
She did a double take as an Antinium hand waved past Numbtongue.
“It is me, Bird. I am going too.”
“Mining.”
Lyonette’s first thought was instant skepticism. She looked Bird up and down for a bow, but he wasn’t carrying one. He and Numbtongue did have shovels and picks, though, and a sack. Erin blinked.
“You’re going with Numbtongue, Bird?”
The Antinium nodded happily.
“I am going to hit rocks. Which Numbtongue has assured me is fun. Yay.”
“I’m going too. I want to see where all this gemstone stuff is coming from.”
Octavia sidled out from behind the other two. Numbtongue nodded.
“Good rocks higher up. I—Pyrite—thinks there are opals. Maybe. We’ll go. Probably be safe. I have potions, guitar, sword—and Pyrite.”
He tapped his chest. Erin looked at him. Then at Bird and Octavia. She blinked at the unlikely team, but then smiled.
“Sure! I’ll let the staff know to check in!”
