Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 10
He’d looked for her, but his nose wasn’t that good. He was sure she had money; she was probably staying with a friend. He’d asked one of the Watch Captains—Venim—to keep an eye out and the Watch Captain had told him this morning he’d checked on Lasica. But he’d refused to tell Rufelt where she was. Let her be, was the implicit statement in the Watch Captain’s words.
They should be together, though. At least he knew she was safe. Rufelt had some…some ability to affect his life, still. He slowly mixed together a drink.
That was what he knew. That was what he was good at. The Chaldion’s Eye? That was his invention. He put together four liquids, mixed them up.
Floating, pink little bubbles containing sour whiskey. He stared as they bounced in the cup. Then he threw the cup across the bar.
It didn’t even have the decency to shatter; everything was enchanted. Rufelt slammed his paws down on the wood, raised the [Bartender]’s aid—a club he’d never had to use in this bar.
He went to the shelves of alcohol to smash something. But he couldn’t bring himself to ruin his hard-earned collection. He wanted to, though.
The bar was so dark. But lighting anything was beyond him. Rufelt slunk around it, a shadow, waiting for Lasica.
In the end, he couldn’t bear to stay and left. Was that why Lasica wasn’t coming back?
 
—-
 
Outside was just as bad. Pallass could be dark since sunlight did not reach the lower floors in the shadow of the upper ones. But magical lights ensured that it was never dark enough. Rufelt felt everyone staring at him.
Everyone knew. He hurried away as some people called out to him. Their condolences made everything worse, didn’t those bastards understand that?
He didn’t know where to go. So he roamed the streets, looking around. Pallass, his home, had never seemed more like a cage to the Gnoll [Bartender].
Dully, Rufelt observed the City of Inventions. Always something new was going on. He had once said to a client that he would never grow tired of his city because he didn’t have to go anywhere to see what was happening!
It was still true, but it brought him no joy. Everything made him angry.
“Go, Renan, go!”
A cheering voice. A Dullahan sped down one of the grand staircases, on a skateboard. Cheering Drakes and Gnolls, the teen’s friends, poured after him. Rufelt had the urge to snatch the wooden skateboard, break it, and tell the Watch to arrest all of them. Or he’d do it with his paws!
Those idiots! Didn’t they think about what that skateboard could do if it hit someone? If that Dullahan idiot hit something at that speed? He started after them, but the [Guards] were already chasing the teens when he reached the staircase. The Assembly of Crafts had banned the ‘skateboards’, which of course only led the younger citizens to embrace it all the more.
He stood there, with more anger with nowhere to go. Then he heard a shout.
“Come see the Players of Pallass! Performing Elisial in the Crafter’s Theatre tonight!”
A [Crier] was passing out fliers with the new acting team that Pallass had assembled, trying to attract attention. He passed Rufelt one as the Gnoll walked past. Rufelt stared at it and saw two underlined names.
The Players of Liscor’s [Actors], who had moved to Pallass after being enticed to found this, with the Players of Celum’s blessing. He looked at the flier, crumpled it up.
How dare everyone be moving on with their lives. It seemed like just yesterday everyone was wearing white, and you couldn’t see another color on clothing. How quickly they all decided the mourning time was over.
