Interlude – Two Rats
Page 9
And then Mrsha saw her. Sitting at a table with a Drake. She hurried over and tugged at a furry leg. Raekea, the best [Armorer] in Liscor, looked down and blinked at Mrsha. The little Gnoll hesitated, but Raekea’s smile lit up her face.
“Little Mrsha, yes? Hello! And what’s that you have?”
Mrsha brightened. Some Gnolls were still scared of her. In both Liscor and Pallass; you could smell it. Even the nice Rufelt had been a bit uneasy. Xif hadn’t been, and Krshia and Elirr and a lot of the others weren’t, but some still looked at her white fur and whispered the word. Doombringer. Mrsha didn’t like that. She hated it and it made her feel awful.
But Raekea just smiled and she smelled only of coal and smoke and iron. She and the Drake sitting next to her looked down as Mrsha jumped onto a chair and placed her prize on the table. The Drake paused, stared at the two rats tied together, scampering about on the table and dropped his fork with an exclamation. Raekea just chuckled.
“Hah! Two rats! Now where did you find those? Wait—you’ve tied them together by the tails?”
“Eurgh! Are there rats in this inn?”
The Drake looked horrified. He was eating a steak and hurriedly pulled his plate back as the grey rat dragged her brother towards it. He was trying to make a flying leap off the table. Raekea wasn’t bothered at all. She looked at Mrsha’s hesitant face and slapped the Drake on the shoulder casually.
“Beclist, hush! They’re just rats. Tiny ones! They couldn’t hurt you even if they bit through your scales.”
“Why are they tied together?”
“Hmm. Because it’s funny to watch them try to run about? I used to do the same thing when I was a cub, Mrsha. Did you only find two? When I came to Liscor, when I was young, I would get as many as I could and tie them all together! They call them rat kings. Did you ever do that?”
She looked at Mrsha as the Gnoll shook her head, delighted. She hadn’t! But then, she’d only found a few rats in the wilderness and they were a lot faster and harder to catch. Raekea laughed.
“Ah, well, it is easy in cities, yes?”
“Rats. Can they not be on the table?”
The Drake groaned. He was fairly slim, although his arms had lots of muscle. Raekea gave him a reproving look.
“Don’t be rude. Little Mrsha is showing us her prize! It’s what Gnoll children do. You should say how good it was of her to catch them! I was a Plains Gnoll, you know. Don’t be stifling.”
The Drake opened his mouth, saw the glint in Raekea’s eye, and heaved a big sigh. He eyed the rats and Mrsha, who was looking at him expectantly.
“Er, good job, Miss Mrsha. Nice rats. Now…Raeky, treasure of my hoard, I’m eating. I don’t want to have to look at those rats, fond recollections or not.”
He looked at Raekea and she rolled her eyes, but fondly. He was Raekea’s husband, and so she winked at Mrsha and the Gnoll took them off the table. The rats quivered in her lap as she grinned up at the big Gnoll.
“There. Nasty rats are gone.”
“They’re still there. I know they are. I’m almost off my lunch.”
Beclist grumbled. He speared a bit of cut steak and Raekea plucked a morsel off his plate. He sighed as she took another and offered it to Mrsha, who joyfully accepted it. He balked when the third piece went to the two rats.
“Oh come on, Raekea! That’s my lunch! I came here to support you, not feed rats!”
The [Armorer] snorted and flicked her husband’s neck spines with one paw affectionately.
