Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 15
The Dullahan looked at Orjin, warily. Was she expecting him to ask her to throw the fight? Salii was whispering at Orjin about something. The Strongest ignored her.
“Teach him a lesson about fighting. Go all out. But don’t kill him.”
The Dullahan grinned. Salthorn pushed her forwards and the Dullahan stepped forwards.
“Three, two, one—”
When the fight started, the Hurricane’s Fist punched and blew wind and dust at Mendi’s face. It was a good move—if you hadn’t seen it. Mendi just charged in. She took a blow across the head and chest as she did and Pomle’s warriors murmured. That was reckless! She had to close her eyes to go through the wind punch. But Mendi took both hits—
And then raised both arms, away from her face. The Hurricane’s Fist hit her across the chin and chest. And the Dullahan [Martial Artist] took both blows.
“Oh no!”
Salii looked aghast.
“Oh no.”
Salthorn agreed, but for different reasons. Orjin closed his eyes. If Mendi took both hits, it meant that was because she didn’t care. He opened them as the Dullahan baited a punch. Then she hit the Hurricane’s Fist in the head.
The smack was a thud that silenced the cult of the WIndcaller’s Wrath’s cheering for a second. The Hurricane’s Fist stumbled backwards. He tried a few punches, woozy, and Mendi let him hit her. Then she kicked at his leg.
It was a fast kick. The Hurricane’s Fist kept attacking as Mendi dodged backwards, kicking again. That happened five more times. She just blocked the punches and two kicks and hit him sharply. It didn’t look like it hurt the Hurricane’s Fist, but Orjin winced with every blow.
“I think she shattered his femur. Cracked it, at least.”
Then Mendi began hitting the Hurricane’s fist with heavy, body blows. He kept moving, striking with the wind, but she just covered her face. After a minute, Orjin called a stop. He noticed the Hurricane’s Fist moving backwards slowly towards his side. The cult and his fellow Hurricane’s Fists were calling encouragement and abuse—the Fury of the Skies looked…furious. He clearly wanted the match to have been over two rounds ago.
Mendi and the warriors of Pomle were just silent. Orjin stared at the Hurricane’s Fist as Mendi walked over. He spoke, briefly, as the other masters looked at each other.
“Don’t hit him in the head again. He doesn’t know how to take the blow. You’ll kill him.”
The Dullahan nodded. The way the Hurricane’s Fist hadn’t moved or seemed to know how to react when he was struck told Orjin he hadn’t sparred properly before. He was…all show.
“He’s coming back. He has spirit. Although I don’t think he understands how badly he’s outmatched.”
One of the other masters observed. The others nodded.
“Broken rib.”
“Cracked bone.”
“Mendi, take him out.”
The others nodded. Mendi walked forwards and Orjin counted down.
This time, the Hurricane’s Fist punched hard. He couldn’t kick with his broken leg, but he was determined to keep Mendi away. The air rippled, and Mendi advanced with her guard up. The Hurricane’s Fist punched and she—
Got him in a headlock.
“Ooh! A clinch!”
The shout came from some of the Humans watching. Orjin looked around, intrigued. He didn’t know the term, but Mendi had the other Hurricane’s Fist in a close grip. He was punching at her, awkwardly, trying to get free.
“That is not martial arts!”
One of the Windcaller’s warriors cried out furiously. Orjin stared at him.
“It’s fighting.”
