Interlude – Two Rats
Page 26
Mrsha just shook her head. She didn’t want to hear. She went to a corner and sat in it, still crying. And Erin sighed. She looked at the little Gnoll, curled up. And she stood up and approached Mrsha. She paused there. Then she bent.
And she hugged Mrsha. She grasped the Gnoll child softly and lifted her up. Mrsha tensed. But all Erin did was hug her, softly.
“I’m sorry.”
She hugged Mrsha. And that hurt more than any spanking Krshia had ever given her. And when Mrsha looked up and saw the tears in Erin’s eyes, it was all the worse.
“I know you’re sad. And mad. Listen to me. I’m sad too. The rats are one thing. Calruz the other. But listen, Mrsha. One is like the others. Because both are weak. I know Calruz did horrible things. But he’s in a cage. And the rats are small. They can’t do anything. If you hurt them, if you tie their tails together, that’s bad. I know you didn’t know. But I’m telling you. It’s not okay.”
Mrsha pushed at Erin’s chest weakly. She didn’t want to hear it. Erin went on, holding her.
“You’re a good girl. I know that. And I know it’s different for Gnolls. I know that in this world, you don’t see animals like that. But listen. What would you say if you heard a dog make that sound? Can a dog feel? Can a dog cry?”
Mrsha buried her head in Erin’s shirt. She knew a dog could yelp and cry. But rats were different. Erin held her.
“What’s the difference between a dog and a rat? Between you and me? They hurt, Mrsha. They hurt. A Goblin hurts. I hurt. It wasn’t good to do that. Okay?”
But they were rats. And he was a Minotaur. But Mrsha couldn’t say either. She clung to Erin’s shirt, wiping her eyes and nose on it. And Erin hugged Mrsha. And she looked so sad. She was crying too. And it hurt Mrsha like a knife. Sometimes she shone too brightly and with such goodness that it hurt.
 
—-
 
When she came below, a dozen Gnolls were ready to argue Mrsha’s case. They were mad at Erin for shouting, and Lyonette was angry too. But Erin met them all with Mrsha in her arms. And she said the same thing.
“A rat feels pain. And to hurt it is a shame.”
The Gnolls scoffed and laughed or disputed the case. But they fell silent when Elirr the [Beast Trainer] showed his face. The Gnoll listened and looked at the little rats lying on the ground. They squeaked in terror and fled when he reached down.
The others laughed. But the Gnoll lifted the two and they looked up in fear and pain. And when he opened his eyes and stared about, there was anger plain. He spoke like this to the others as he gently held the rats. And they looked up and felt his connection with them. As he gently untied them and fed them a snack.
“Who says rats have no feelings? Who laughs? I have seen children throw a rat. And they laugh when it goes splat. But I’ll tell you this for a fact. Rats are animals and they’re all the same. They have wills and feelings, if not thought like us. Yet the largest dog is still a pet. And be it dog or cat or rat, they deserve respect and dignity. Until you learn that, you and all the others are banned from my shop, Mrsha who is dear to me.”
He looked sternly at the child who clung to the [Innkeeper] and cried. But it was the [Princess] who took her and glared into the [Beast Trainer]’s eyes.
“She had no idea. Don’t you dare lecture her! She did not know. And they’re just rats. I’d kill them and go.”
She pointed at the rats and Erin argued and Elirr snapped and the Gnolls snapped back. And below, on the table, the two looked up, grey rat and white. They waggled their tails and then took flight.
