Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 34
He got up after a moment, hobbling around, feeling at his arm. He’d nearly ruined everything with his death. The Terras faction, the opportunity he’d seized upon to come here as magic waned…
“I can’t die yet. I’ve not even become an Archmage! A proper Archmage, that is.”
The half-Elf growled to himself. He looked into the mirror, shaking his head. He had to shake things up. The Terras faction was good; he already had an Archmage on his side. He wanted more, trustworthy allies, to which he would share the proper spells, of course. Ryoka Griffin too; he didn’t forget his debts, his connection with Magnolia Reinhart…
Eldavin put a hand to his head. He felt like he was forgetting…something…but it eluded him. The half-Elf stared at himself in the mirror. But for the broken arm, he was as ideal as he’d ever been. Eldavin, half-Elf from Terandria, who had made his abode in the High Passes.
He smiled, shaking his head. He was sure it was just something he’d forgotten. The half-Elf went to sit back down, already trying to figure out how to explain this incident, use it to his advantage. If it was important—whatever he’d forgotten, well—
He was sure he’d remember later. Right now?
Eldavin was going to bring Wistram Academy back.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Paradigm Shift. Paradigm Shift! Which you voted for.
Of all the side story options, I did not expect this one to win, and somehow you managed to vote for one of the most impactful chapters.
No Relc chapter, no Persua chapter…no Rie chapter, just this. I included lesser paradigm shifts, but this was planned out, so here we are.
I am tired. This is a 41,000 word chapter—albeit written over three days—and thus I am publishing it in two chapters, which Patrons get now (hence you reading all this in one go), but I am taking off my Monday-Tuesday regular chapter because I am tired!
Sorry, but sometimes these things happen! I’ll be back on the 10th, and Public readers won’t notice a thing since the chapter will release regularly. I hope you enjoy this unexpected two-chapter saga.
Which you voted for. But never forget! The fault is…probably arrogance. Hubris! However well-intentioned. See you next time after a longer break, and thanks for reading!
 
Lyonette and Mrsha, Thomast, JojoAba…and more by Chalyon!
                                                    
 
Erin by MysticCat!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/mysticcatcomix/
                       
 
Niers and Mrsha Plushies by Kalmia!
                                         
 

