Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 12
Well, if publishing was the goal of a [Writer], Satar was on baby-steps since she showed no one her work, right? She would never get to higher levels until she got enough money to really publish, and that was sort of a snowball effect because you had to have money to publish a lot and become famous, and you had to be famous and have an audience to have the money to…
Wrong. In fact, even among Gnolls, there were ways to get ahead. The storytelling community was not without…means.
Later that day, in the Meeting of Tribes, two hooded figures met behind one of the communal tents, this one reserved to let visitors see a [Performer]’s act. Amid the hubbub of someone juggling knives and the gasps of admiration, loud voices, and occasional suppressed screams as someone got stabbed—
Two figures met and were joined by a third. All three could smell each other; they smelled like paper and ink, and the disguises weren’t waterproof. Nevertheless, the first two growled at the third.
“Password?”
“Password? I don’t know a password—”
“Guess.”
“Um. Uh…‘Quintessential Literature’?”
The two looked at each other. The first thought about it.
“That’s got enough syllables. We’ll accept it.”
“I would have held out for ‘Nomenclature’. Literature’s too common a word.”
The other two figures turned to the first. The new Gnoll held up her paw.
“…What does nomenclature mean?”
The wordy-hooded figure cleared their throat. H—e—it was definitely a he—spoke.
“The way of devising or choosing names for things. Not the words themselves; that’s lexicon. The method.”
“…Can you use it in a sentence?”
A loud sigh. The hooded figures kept up their quiet banter as they rustled for bags of holdings or items.
“Alright, let’s see it. What do you have?”
“I have…two of the latest off-the-cover stories of Tales of Adventure and Woe. Big names—fresh off the Mage’s Guild. Literal hours.”
“Ooh. Who?”
“Heartslayi and Sandquen themselves.”
The new Gnoll groaned.
“Them? They’re romance.”
The nomenclature-Gnoll grunted beneath his hood as he waved the pieces of bound parchment at the other two. It was cheap; the other two had paper goods, but quality varied.
“Yeah, well, not this time. You know Sandquen?”
“I’ve read their work. Somehow; I bet she pays people to read it because there’s no other way it gets traded around. Even in her genre. Not impressed.”
Sandquen had never been published in Tales of Adventure and Woe. She lacked in some fundamentals, but she was just a weird writer too, who jumped to the glorious moments without proper buildup. Amateurs.
However…the Gnoll insisted on showing the others the first paragraph.
“She’s gotten better. This one’s about the ‘Silver Swordswoman’ in Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Very sentimental, and full of platitudes and whatnot, but it reads realistic and better than anything else.”
“Huh. It is…better.”
The new Gnoll paged through the story before it was snatched back and felt a pang of grudging envy. Both writers had an actual audience to be featured here. To have people peddling their works. They had to level up to that.
“What about Heartslayi?”
“Also different. It’s a mystery—she calls it a ‘heist’ story. It’s a breakout of a magical prison, but it’s come out in installments. No one knows how it’ll end, and she’s not updated—she normally posts a new one every few days.”
“Weird. Is it good?”
“Very. How much do you want for it?”
“Will you…trade for some poetry? I’ve got about fifty-two poems…”
“Pass.”
“It’s good poetry. Written by a Level 16 [Poet]!”
