Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 36
Xith and Narkr looked at her like she was insane. But Embria kept talking. She had to show them. The easiest thing to do was let them see the first battles with Olesm and compare that to the army. Even if they said—probably still accurately—that Olesm wasn’t as good as their [Strategists], a [Soldier] had to face facts. And Embria poured them a drink and told them…what they needed to hear before they could realize the truth.
 
[Wing Commander Level 29!]
 
Embria shot up in her bed, sweating and gasping. More terrified of that one level up than anything else. She waited for a Skill or—
[Combined Arms Wing Commander]. Or [Buggy Wing Commander].
It didn’t come. But would it? She lay in her bed. She thought…
Then came Relc Grasstongue’s little bit of brilliance, and she was proud of her father. After three days, Squad 5, Significant Beavers, and the other squads on break returned to the army.
They brought gifts.
 
 
 
 
Ishkr, [Head Waiter]
 
“Gifts? Of course. It’s so intelligent. Relc thought of it, yes? Relc?”
The Gnoll heard the idea from Drassi. The inn was so quiet and seldom-visited that he was one of the last to know.
It was a simple idea, and people laughed—as much at the idea as goofy old Relc had thought of it as…well. Embarrassment.
It was such a good idea, and so simple. Relc hadn’t thought it up from nothing. He had just pulled it from the past. Tradition and perhaps…Ishkr looked around the inn.
From here.
“It has to be small. You can’t address it to one group; you can send something to a relative, but otherwise just something small for the door.”
“What would be appropriate?”
The Gnoll saw Drassi pause, fiddling with a neck-spine ring—she was about to go on her television shift, but she’d come up to let him know when and where it would be expected.
“Relc said something edible usually works. You can send potions, books, anything else—but food is always welcome. I’m sending a song crystal. He says something like that would really lift spirits.”
“Hrr. I could send acid flies.”
“What, as weapons? Oh. Do you have any?”
Ishkr shuddered.
“I maintained Erin’s traps. The Antinium come to collect them, sometimes.”
Drassi hesitated. She’d just had breakfast, but the [Gossip] had to know.
“…How many?”
“I have begun filling barrels with them when they pile up. Sometimes a few survive.”
The Drake went pale.
“Ishkr, you are a credit to your class. I don’t know how you…”
She trailed off, looking around the inn. Ishkr looked at Drassi and spoke.
“She’ll be back.”
The Drake turned to him. She met Ishkr’s gaze and smiled, relieved.
“Of course.”
The Gnoll said nothing more. Drassi had to run, and he had to think of a gift. Besides, those words could mean anything.
It was just…a feeling. Perhaps it was only his imagination.
Or, perhaps, it had something to do with a little Goblin appearing in his inn. A Cave Goblin, who handed him a little note.
Soon.
He didn’t voice any suspicions to even Drassi. Ishkr just waited, wishing Silveran were here to do floorboard crack cleaning. He thought of a gift to send to the army. He thought of the Antinium, who had come to this inn to pledge to go to war.
“Oh.”
The [Head Waiter] hesitated. He walked past the cupboards of preserved food, and he did roll out a barrel of acid flies. Anything to get rid of them. Apparently some acid flies survived the explosion of acid, and he had the horrible suspicion it rustled sometimes.
Then he went to fetch something else. Ishkr vanished for a little bit and came back with a very strange gift. One that Commander Olesm himself came to receive.
