Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 19
There were guardians inside the great vault that held Khelt’s potions and alchemical artifacts. They stirred as Fetohep entered, recognized him, and refrained from attacking. Fetohep nodded to himself; he would have been more worried if they’d failed to threaten him.
Paranoia about thieves? Even Dragons would be impressed at the lengths Khelt’s rulers had gone to.
He walked down shelf after shelf. Although—they were not precarious, flat, bookshelf-like designs, but specialty-made [Alchemist] shelves. Each bottle had divot and holder, such that even earthquakes would not knock them out of place.
More than that? The room was airtight, highly enchanted with the best [Stasis] spells of their kind. Not mere [Preservation]. Hah!
“Was this where the diplomats all expired?”
Fetohep thought it was. He paced past Potions of Greater Healing, Draughts of the Well, a very tightly sealed Tincture of Oblivion—it was the kind of stuff that gave rise to legends. Drop that tincture in the wrong place and you got a sleeping castle. Throw in an angry [Druid] and there was a sleeping [Princess] and a place covered in vines, guarded by spirits of the forest.
And more. So many potions—but you could burn through them in a single battle if you wanted to. If you were not careful, and treated each one like it was irreplaceable.
“My great Queen Xierca. You labored long to restore the Apothricarium to this state.”
Fetohep halted. About a thousand paces in, the neatly labeled and sorted potions…ended. Yet there was a lot more room in here. But each shelf was empty. He shook his head.
Each ruler of Khelt was different. King Izimire. He had been kind. So kind his people became lax and fell into dark ways. He was a lesson in failure.
“He depleted this vault, Trey Atwood. Look. He spent potions upon his people. I understand his love. But I do not condone. You understand I bought the Yellow Rivers cure despite the need elsewhere? I would do so again. But if one of my subjects were to be brought to me, dying, and the only cure was a Potion of Greater Healing? I would only use it if the subject were…truly valuable. Despite the pain it would cause me.”
He shook his head, waiting for a response.
“Because Izimire thought the other way. And look. He emptied this great vault in his reign. Used Potions of Regeneration for children who had suffered accidents. He made his people incautious of their own frailties. My predecessor filled this vault and I have done likewise. But look.”
He reached out.
“We have so few left. Even in Khelt, this paradise of ancient times.”
Fetohep removed a single potion and gazed at it. A Potion of…he brushed at the beautiful glasswork on the bottle, admired the enchanted container, in itself worth a small fortune.
It would be so easy. Just one potion. And he had more. But was it worth the cost? One boy…even if he took the one it was meant for.
They were not his. They were not even the twins Atwood. Fetohep still…stood there. Holding the little bottle. At last, he stirred.
“Alas, Trey Atwood. I am not so kind.”
He put the bottle on the shelf and turned away. Cost and reward. The vault sealed behind him. He was not wrong. Not now, not with the same decision he would have made a hundred years ago and any other time in his reign.
But he wished the young man had been there to reproach him for it.
 
—-
 
The Emir Darsul tried to kill Emir Yazdil nearing the end of the week. It was a mighty plan, which had been conceived of by the foolish Emir for years. Yet it was the insult to mighty Fetohep of Khelt which began the treacherous night in full.
