Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 19
Chaldion spoke for the first time thus far. Edellein was breathing hard. But yet again—the [Grand Strategist]’s fake eye flashed and the Drake sat down.
Saliss was disappointed. But not by much.
“What’s the stupid mission, old man? And would it kill you to provide snacks?”
He flopped into a chair as Shirka took a seat. Chaldion ignored that.
“This is not like other assignments, Adventurer Saliss—”
“Gold coin.”
The younger [Strategist] stared at Saliss.
“Adventurer?”
The [Alchemist] flexed his claw impatiently.
“If I had a silver coin for every time I heard that…gold coin. Give. It’s always ‘not the same as all the others’. Why would this one be different? I go in, I destroy things and—”
“They’ve developed a new type of Antinium.”
The Named Adventurer paused, mid-rant. He looked back at Chaldion. Sat up a bit. Shirka saw Saliss’ claw flash.
She was fast. But even she barely saw the way he flicked a bit of tonic onto his bare scales from a belt pouch in—well, fractions of a second. Duln nudged her.
‘Sobering potion.’
[Memo] Skill. Shirka nodded slowly. Saliss ignored that as he looked at the venerable [Grand Strategist].
“So what? That’s what they do.”
“This breed is greatly concerning to the Walled Cities. Read your report.”
There were documents Saliss had been ignoring. For the first time, the Drake picked them up and read. There were illustrations too. Chaldion continued.
“Giants. Wistram caught a glimpse of them in the Armored Antinium’s Hive in conjunction with the Free Antinium delegation. Temporary name—‘Steelclads’, as designated by the Armored Queen. There are at least two dozen confirmed active and hundreds allegedly in development.”
“So you want me to wipe them out. How did Wistram learn about this? The scrying orbs you were screaming about?”
The [Generals] shifted. Chaldion had indeed made them aware of the issue; the Walled Cities had all had a conniption over the intelligence.
“We’ve switched to artifacts that can block attempts to take control of them. The Antinium have no such defenses. To our understanding, Wistram has eyes into three of the six Hives; the others must be using more advanced artifacts.”
“This is a lot of detail for a scrying object.”
This time, the [Alchemist] looked up and the [War Mage] and [Strategist] blinked. You could be fooled by the act. Chaldion smiled mirthlessly. He tapped the highlighted area of map.
“This is the area the growing sacs are forming in, according to our intelligence. Manus and Fissival have been using dedicated [Scrying] spells based on the coordinates Wistram gave us. Thanks to them, we have intelligence of specific locations in the Hives, where we were unable to find…anything before, even with magic. Which is why you are going to hit it and we will monitor the results.”
Saliss’ eyes narrowed. He snapped his claws and sat up.
“Ah. So I blow up this extremely valuable growing site and we get to see how accurate the data Wistram gave us is. And overhear more intelligence! That’s…why you’re [Grand Strategist], hmm? And my job is just to walk in there, cast a spell, and walk out, right?”
He put his feet up on the war table. There was a growl.
“That scroll is to be used in conjunction, not alone, Adventurer. We would not trust—or risk a Named Adventurer on this mission alone. Your job is support. You’re moving out in five minutes. We’re already delayed and Pallass will not be the Walled City that—”
“No.”
The [Alchemist] spoke to the ceiling. Edellein nearly choked on his own spit.
“What?”
“I am not Pallass’ weapon of war. There are Antinium in that inn I like. I refuse this time.”
