Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 67
“I see it, Igheriz. It can’t…can’t…”
Hrome licked his lips. He looked around, and Pisces saw a look of real fear on the man’s face. As terrible as when he had been in Emir Riqre’s presence. But not on all the faces. All the [Slaves] looked up, uncomprehending, but one suddenly began to weep.
And then Azam raised his head. He let go of Pisces and raised his arms to the sky. He began to bellow, with a voice louder than anything Pisces had heard.
“Sister? SISTER! Is it you? Sister!”
Igheriz whirled, and the look of terror redoubled. He screamed up at Azam.
“Be silent. I command you!”
The Djinni ignored him, bellowing as loudly as he could.
“Sister! I implore you! Sister, to me! To me!”
“Be silent or perish!”
The [Slave Master] screamed. He seized the jar around his neck, the tiny object, and it flared. Azam screamed, but his lips closed. He stood there, staring up at the rainbow.
Hrome was backing up. He looked at the rainbow, still impossibly distant in the horizon.
“It’s just a story. It’s supposed to be dead. They killed it—”
Igheriz passed by him, running, screaming at the confused [Guards].
“Quiet! Quiet and—send word to Roshal! Everyone, hide! Dump your artifacts! Gag the [Slaves]! Not a word comes out of any lips!”
He was running for the fire. Pisces struggled, but Azam had resumed his grip. Igheriz was shouting, panicked. But the rainbow was just streaming onwards. Then—suddenly—it began to turn. And it came towards them.
Pisces saw the motion. A glowing point of light turned, and the sky lit up behind it. Turned every shade of color he knew and more by the aura of magic given off. Igheriz looked up.
“No. No.”
“Run! It has returned! Run!”
Hrome screamed. The [Slavers] looked up, and screamed. They ran, leaping onto horses, or running in every direction. Igheriz himself just looked up. Azam stared at the sky, laughing. Laughing, unable to shout, but pointing.
“To arms. To arms and—”
The [Slave Master] looked around. His [Guards] stared, some still not knowing what it was. Pisces looked up as something burned his arms.
“What is that?”
Liquid burned his arms. They were…tears. Azam looked up as the light grew brighter, brighter. He wept, as the figure hurtled towards the land out of the sky. A rainbow, cast by the figure in front of it. A sign. He pointed up and named her.
Roshal’s great foe. The nightmare of all those who kept slaves. The being thought dead, lost in battle in Rhir a century ago.
“The Death of Chains.”
The Djinni was larger than any Pisces had ever seen. Her body was a glowing cloud, and she wore armor. She was wounded.
She had wounds that had not healed after a century. Blows that had torn even her essence apart. Yet the Djinni still crashed to earth and shook the world. She brought light into the darkness.
“Slave! I defy you! I defy you!”
Igheriz screamed. He drew his sword. The Death of Chains raised her head as he charged at her. She looked down.
“There you are, brother. I heard you cry for me. Come. Let me free you from your chains.”
She ignored the little man flailing at her, striking air with his enchanted sword. Azam was weeping as he held something out.
His hands, where two shackles like those Pisces had worn were. The Death of Chains placed her fingers at the edges of the metal, and gripped. Then—she pulled at the bindings on Azam.
Her body glowed. Every color ran through her. She was a cloud—a giant—a screaming warrior armed in artifacts from Rhir.
Deathless of the Demon King. 
She tore the metal apart. The explosion knocked everyone down. Azam looked at his bare hands. Then he rose and screamed.
