Interlude – Conversations
Page 34
“Lizardfolk don’t see it. They’re so…they’re children. We’re the adults. That’s how it’s always been. Nagas…I remember when I wondered why they were so serious. Then I understood. Not that I lost my sense of humor, but it’s when you grow up. That’s what Nagas are about.”
He undulated back and forth. Peclir Im cleared his throat.
“Then you believe once the Forgotten Wing company is upstaged, it should not be replaced?”
That would be concerning, to put it mildly. He saw a long tail disappear as the first speaker swung around.
“…No. That’s the point. You see? It’s harsh. It is truly sad. But—Nagas. You look at it clearly. You need to prioritize the people that matter. Forgotten Wing is for Fraerlings, and a handful of Beastkin. I’m saying that everything is for us.”
He meant Lizardfolk. Despite Peclir being Human. So the speaker raised a cup, using his tail as dexterously as other people used their hands.
“Jungle Tails. To its resurgence. I expect a company-command once we’re done, you understand.”
He peered hard at Peclir, and the former [Chamberlain] of the Forgotten Wing company moved at once to reassure him.
“You will be one of the Serpent Leaders. I have that in writing.”
Instantly, the huge, serpentine figure with feathered wings relaxed. The Quexal nodded. Fezimet smiled.
“The Featherfolk Brigade is at your service. We’ll strike this tree-fortress with your irregulars as soon as we find it. The primary strike force is all yours. Will you take them now?”
“Yes.”
Peclir stood, relieved that no more time would be wasted. He had more allies to visit. Fezimet walked him to the door—well, slithered. The city of Talenqual lay behind him, his domain. After all, his was not an inconsiderable company.
He did hesitate as he halted Peclir at the entryway. The Quexal stared at the Human, and then spoke.
“One more thing, Mister Im?”
Peclir turned. Fezimet looked a bit uncomfortable, then leaned in.
“I await the resurgence of our Great Company as well as anyone, and I hope you tell the Nagas that. But, ah…can you put a word in delicately?”
“Of course, and what would that be?”
The Human saw the Quexal’s face screw up.
“…The name. Can we rebrand it afterwards? ‘Jungle Tails’ is, of course, famed, but it’s so…it’s the dignity of the thing, overseas.”
 
——
 
Time was running out. In a shorthand sense. Something was coming. On multiple levels, in multiple places. You could be as impatient as you wanted, but what mattered was…were you ready?
It wasn’t about walls alone. Sometimes it was just about who you knew. Strange meetings.
Conversations. Grand and short, telling and secretive. Chance and designed.
The voices were faint, arguing, but they were clear enough. Echoing a bit, impatient.
“…personally told not to allow this young man to…”
“…Archmage Viltach’s orders. Directly.”
A head rose, slowly, under quite a lot of weight. A mask on the face, chains and bindings. Because there was a second voice, one she knew. She would have laughed.
Telim?
“I quite understand that, you two. But let me vouchsafe this to you. Grand Magus Eldavin. Who’s soon to be Archmage. You say Viltach? I say Eldavin. Let the lad through. It’s the kind of thing a young man just wants to do. Meet a story. That fellow, Aaron, comes here all the time?”
“Yes, but Archmage—”
“Eldavin.”
“But Vilt—”
“Eldavin. Also Valeterisa, for what it’s worth.”
Perhaps it wasn’t worth much. But, eventually, the voices gave up. A door opened, and a figure sitting against a wall stared up. She saw…nothing much.
