Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 8
“Adventurer Saliss. I’m but a poor fellow compared to a personage such as yourself. But I fear I must insist. Good dressing and decorum are the manners of every gentleman.”
That rankled Saliss more today. He grinned, toothily.
“I’m afraid no one puts pants on me.”
Wilovan glanced at Ratici. The Drake raised his brows. But the [Thug] stiffly addressed Saliss.
“Sir. There are women, children, and people I assume who don’t wish to see unmentionables while dining and taking their leisure. I feel I should insist.”
All three individuals paused there. Saliss’ smile never wavered. But his eyes narrowed.
“Like I said. You and what army?”
What Wilovan might have said or done next was up for debate. The Gnoll was glancing about, inspecting the inn—not a good place to cause trouble—a little Gnoll child peering at them around a door, and no doubt aware of Saliss himself. He adjusted his tall hat—
And Erin Solstice shouted.
“Hey! Saliss! There you are! I could have used you yesterday! What’s up?”
She waved and the Drake turned. Wilovan hesitated, stepped back, and Ratici relaxed. Saliss of Lights turned. And there was Erin.
“Erin! My favorite Human! I think! How are you?”
He spread his arms, laughing, and posed. Just to annoy the Gnoll. But Erin was hurrying over and she had something in her hands.
A box. Saliss recognized it. He put up his claws.
“Hold on now, that was only for Mrsha’s birthday, Miss Erin.”
“Aw, Saliss. But people like eating here! Come on! I added something to make it better.”
“Added? Erin, as I was just telling this fine fellow, you and what arm—”
Erin showed him the front of the box. Saliss blinked at it—and then burst out laughing. Wilovan and Ratici craned their heads to see. Erin grinned. That was the thing. She got Saliss.
In short order, the Drake strutted around the inn, now with a box on his private parts. It was just a box, but it had one notable addition.
Warning: contains small nuts.
Only her. Chaldion had never tried that. Saliss kept laughing about it and in a fine humor, found Erin sitting him down.
“Hey, how’s it been? Sorry, I can’t stick around long; I have this thing with Maviola. Have you met Maviola?”
“Who? I can’t say I have. Say, I heard you were involved in a riot.”
Saliss’ eyes twinkled. Inside, his good humor over the box faded. Erin’s face fell.
“Yeah. They were everywhere. Hold on, can I get you anything to eat? Or rather—Ishkr!”
As the two sat and Saliss ordered breakfast, he talked with Erin about yesterday. Mrsha sat at a table next to them, eagerly bouncing up and down in her seat. She was getting a cheese-and-bacon soufflé. 
“It’s all puffy and hot. Soufflés are the only thing that doesn’t keep well. You want one? Or just your salad?”
Erin presented the puffy soufflé-in-a-cup to Mrsha. The Gnoll picked up the spoon and dug into the fluffy breakfast with delight. Erin turned to Saliss.
“Mrsha had a scare this morning. She’s still being punished, but this is also to cheer her up.”
“…What’s the punishment, then?”
The [Alchemist] eyed Mrsha eating the soufflé. Ratici instantly ordered one for his table and Wilovan doubled the request. Erin smiled.
“No cake for dessert.”
“Ah, the worst of things! So you outrioted a riot by beating them all to the ground with your fists?”
The Drake found that amusing. Even if his memory of yesterday made the smile artificial. Erin sighed.
“It was that or let them kill the [Lords]. Who were stupid. But that’s this entire thing. Tell me about Pallass. I heard…the riots weren’t as bad. But um. I heard that’s because Chaldion put down the riots. Hard?”
