Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 28
“You’ll find the manor equipped for some of your needs. Just don’t burn anything, Vernoue. Seraphel, there’s not much to do here. We certainly can’t ride or visit the city, but I shall have some of my friends over and I suppose you must attend.”
“I may take you up on that, Aielef. But I’ll find something to do. We are at war.”
“Yes, and it’s dreadfully boring.”
“Not worried for your husband, the Duke? Ronnel?”
They all had perfect memories for such things. Aielef flapped her hand, chewing an inferior cut of meat that had the servants sweating as she glared.
“I am sure he will be fine.”
No love in that statement. Vernoue raised expressive eyebrows at Seraphel from her book, proving she did listen in now and then. It was not missed on Aielef.
“You will do your part soon enough, Vernoue. I can only hope you manage to find a match!”
Do your part. By which she meant, get married, bear children, and forge a powerful alliance. Seraphel had done her part multiple times, with increasingly less value. She wondered if her family would marry her off. Surely…even to one of the Thronebearers. She didn’t want that. After the war ended…perhaps Cara could…?
Vernoue’s response was to close her book shut. She glared at Aielef. Yes, here was a less-than-ideal pairing of the [Princesses], but she’d been the only one besides Seraphel that could be spared.
“If I have to marry someone, Aielef. I’m a [Mage].”
“You’re half-decent at best. If you were gifted, you’d be at Wistram.”
Vernoue’s cheeks flared. Seraphel bit her tongue.
“I’m supposed to be the one with the barbed comments, Aielef. What has you bothered?”
“That damned baby Griffin scratched me on our last tour and it hasn’t healed! A minor infection! Me!”
Aielef snapped and showed them a red, faintly irritated line on her arm. Seraphel had seen far worse, although she was glad the [Healer] had told Aielef to leave off healing potions.
“It’s almost gone down. The poultice will take it away in a day, two at most. Leave off Vernoue. She could have gone to Wistram, but they never let go of their [Mages].”
Vernoue gave Seraphel a grateful nod and turned back to her elder sister.
“That’s right, Aielef. If I must get married, I’d rather marry…an Archmage! Yes, I’ll marry a famous [Mage] from Wistram. Don’t take me to task for applying myself. I’m adding value to my marriage. What do you do, besides sip wine in your ‘observatory’ and complain about all the peasants below? And don’t try to say Seraphel’s done less either; she’s ‘done her part’ more times than you!”
Aielef scowled at the unexpected team up. She pleated her napkin, eyes flicking between the two. It was then that her elder daughter interrupted.
“Your Highness, Aunt Seraphel?”
“You don’t need to use her formal title, Azole.”
Azole nodded. She looked at Seraphel, every bit the daughter Calanfer wanted. Hair red, skin flawless, no noticeable quirks.
“Is it…I don’t mean to be rude, but mother says you’ve married multiple men and have lots of experience. Is it—difficult? I might be wed soon.”
Seraphel’s eyes opened wide and she glanced at Aielef. Azole’s mother went crimson, and Seraphel suspected that she had never thought Azole would repeat her comments verbatim. Nor did Azole quite know what Seraphel took from the statement.
The 4th Princess took her time in replying.
“I…am sure Aielef refers to my familiarity with matrimony. I can’t say I know married life well. You are to be wed, Azole?”
“I am of age to be engaged.”
She was seventeen. Seraphel gave Aielef a bleak look. Her mother scowled.
