Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 3
The Wyverns had returned. Instead of flying back, though, two took off and strafed the clustered Humans below. They aimed up and one went down, screaming. But the other dropped a payload over the enemy and the screaming—
“What was that?”
It looked like…mist to Kevin. A spray of liquid? He’d heard of Rags’ dust-cloud tactic, and the Wyverns had dropped rocks too via Chests of Holding. But that? The [Shaman] bared his teeth.
“Acid. Too much water. Only burns.”
It ‘only’ burned? Kevin blanched. He saw the Humans falling back, but they stopped long enough to end the Wyvern’s screaming.
“Humans running!”
No one cheered. The latest force was pulling back, but Poisonbite, whose hearing was partially restored from healing potions literally poured down her ears, snarled. Twice, her commando-Goblins had gone down to stab Humans, vanishing and reappearing, and Goblins had died as much as Humans.
“Taganchiel! Break! Get Goblins going!”
They had a reprieve to load the Wyverns. However—the [Shaman] took one look at the loss of a Wyvern—already down since Rags had taken two with her—and at the Humans already trying to regroup. He came to the same conclusion as Kevin had.
“Can’t get all Goblins on Wyverns. Have to run.”
“Run? You want run-run-stab-in-back death? Humans have horses!”
Poisonbite scoffed. The [Shaman] gave her a steady glare.
“Have to run. Scatter Humans—we go. Redfangs!”
The Goblins’ finest looked up from where they were tending to their Carn Wolves and horses. Taganchiel gave them a long look.
“Buy time.”
They grinned, teeth and eyes flashing. Kevin just looked at them. How could they grin and laugh?
 
——
 
The attackers weren’t as hotly after the Goblins here as Rags, but since they could catch these Goblins…they were arriving in more numbers. The Goblins had to scatter them first, though, so the disordered mob retreating, tending to the acid burns, looked up and saw four Wyverns, the only four left to Taganchiel’s force, strafing over them.
The memory of the acid and dust cloud attacks sent the Humans fleeing in a disorganized mass. The Wyverns pursued, screaming. By the time the Humans realized the Wyverns had no more cargo to jettison, they were already banking. They landed on the hill, loaded the last Goblins they could carry, and took off, overburdened, to the High Passes.
The rest of the Goblins and lone Human, the rear-guard, fled on every mount they had available, many running on foot. They might have been pursued, but there were still Goblins on the hill.
Forty Redfangs stood on the hill, banging swords on shields, hooting, loosing the Thunderbows down at the Humans. They dared the Humans to come and take it, aiming at the riders, if not their mounts.
So they did. The Redfangs collapsed the dirt walls of the pass, fought with the Thunderbows as the Humans came up, and made them work for every step. Then they set fire to the Thunderbows, broke them beyond repair, and fled on their mounts’ backs.
They held the enemy for nearly fifty minutes. Kevin had no idea how they did it. What he did know was this: when they caught up to the group running for the High Passes, there were only six left.
It had been one of the more successful battles as Goblins counted it. Not all of them had died. In fact, less than a hundred had. The slaughter at their outpost had been one-sided. Humans had run into waves of crossbow bolts until they stopped. Only at the end had it gotten bloody, along with casualties from fighting adventurers in the city.
