Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 1
The young woman had a dark water in hand. Some salt had been mixed with the water to give it an unsettling shade that didn’t make it look edible at all. Even the eggs were dark.
Gloomwren eggs. Erin had never met the birds, but the eggs were large. Like ostrich eggs, not chicken eggs. Even the yolks and ‘whites’ were darker.
“It’s a theme, Palt. I think I figured it out. Before—I just made stuff and experimented. Like Scale Soup.”
“You called that a soup?”
The [Innkeeper] ignored that. She spoke quietly as she lined everything up.
“Experimenting made some things. But the one time I tried to make something—it was for a purpose. No—twice.”
The fae’s banquet. And—the dish she’d served to the two fake adventurers. Erin looked around the room. Then she closed the curtains.
It grew darker. Palt looked around as Numbtongue watched Erin wiping the table down, where she was going to mix her dough.
His eyes glowed in the darkness. The Centaur shivered.
“Uh. Theme. Understood.”
“Not just that. Emotion and intention. I want you to cast a [Darkness] spell, Palt. No light comes in, no light goes out.”
The young woman stood in near-perfect darkness. The [Illusionist] looked at Erin. She wasn’t smiling. He was reminded of the invisible flames.
“You’re quite serious, Erin…”
“Yeah. I’m getting in the mood.”
The [Innkeeper] didn’t smile back. Palt opened his mouth to tell a joke—and stopped. Erin was looking at Numbtongue. The [Bard] waited.
“What are you going to make?”
“Something to hide people. From bad people. Midnight Bread. Something that would hide you even in the brightest sun.”
The [Innkeeper] had spread the flour on the table. Making an indentation to pour water and other ingredients into. But before she made the dough—she took something out.
Palt had yet to cast his spell. So for a moment—he saw something shine. It caught what little light there was and glowed—a color of its own.
Mithril.
The coin sat there and Erin Solstice stared at it. Then—she looked at Palt.
“The spell.”
She drowned the faint light in the darkness as she worked. To make midnight into a substance. A food. A dark loaf that ate sunlight.
Erin Solstice tried. She failed. She threw the first disaster into a bowl and Lyonette took it and baked it into perfectly edible—just non-wondrous—bread. Erin tried again. She failed.
On her fifth attempt, Numbtongue, wandering down the hallway to check on her realized that the shadows hung long here. Despite the sunlight streaming through the windows. The [Bard] looked around, and saw the sunlight losing.
He grinned.
 
—-
 
“I failed!”
Erin Solstice threw the Shadow Loaf at the wall. It halted in midair and Palt, Montressa, and Bezale crowded around it.
“You failed? This is amazing!”
Palt stared at the loaf that literally ate light. It was doing the exact same thing a light bulb did—except with darkness. The shadows lengthened around it. It practically obfuscated in a dark room, and even in the light, it was taking in the brightness.
But Erin Solstice was upset.
“I made it wrong. I forgot the one most important thing!”
“And what was that?”
Montressa took a crumb and chewed it. Instantly—nothing happened. Her mouth was very dark when she opened it, but the bread had no inherent properties upon consumption. It was just really cool. Mrsha wanted it. So did Numbtongue. And Bird. And half of the guests.
“I made it when it was day. I should have done it tonight! With like—no moons in the sky. You’ve gotta be thematic, and I forgot! Gah! Bread-punch!”
