Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 21
Pisces hoped Feren had survived. When his father had tracked him down, after an unwise visit to his mother, the [Lord] had arrested half the cabal and put most to death. All but Pisces, who was returned to Padurn until he escaped.
Did Feren live? Ama? Pisces had seen Gewilena die, and he thought he would never hear a worse sound than that. Her sobbing as her creations died. He had run from Terandria, to learn magic where Az’kerash once had.
He thought he would never hear a worse sound than that.
He was wrong.
 
—-
 
Pisces learned of the holiday of ‘Leciaun’ shortly after Cinaelu and the dramatic battles with Khelt and the King of Destruction.
Everyone was jumpy, watching Azam. The Djinni had heard about his cousin being freed, but he made no sign of emotion. Nevertheless, Igheriz had been ready to send Azam to capture the rogue Djinni himself.
“The King of Destruction broke a Djinni’s chains. Will Roshal refuse to trade with him?”
Whispers ran down the line of slaves. Pisces listened with half an ear; politics and the King of Destruction seemed far away, but he had to remind himself that he was now within the same continent as that legendary [King].
“Surely not. They wouldn’t throw over the King of Destruction for saving his own neck.”
Droppe opined, fancying himself the final word on such things. Qshom sighed tiredly, glancing back and clearly wishing his head could take a ride on the wagon with Eloque.
“Explain, Droppe.”
“Thank you, Qshom. I’ll give you some of my rations…”
Everyone else groaned as Droppe began to lecture.
“You see, it’s about cost and gain and the message they’re sending. If they went after the King of Destruction for freeing Djinni, all of Chandrar would agree. Yet he clearly did that as a last resort on a Djinni-attack from Nerrhavia’s Fallen. Therefore…should we blame the King of Destruction? He was an inch from death!”
“That he can at all should terrify any.”
One of the [Guards] leaned over his camel’s back and spat, giving Azam a wary look. The Djinni was expressionless, moving far ahead of the caravan as per Igheriz’s orders. Droppe gave the man a sly look.
“Ah, but it could have backfired. Fear not! No Djinni will be freed even if the King of Destruction gets his hands on them. He is no idiot! They would roast him before flying off…no, I believe Roshal will give him small favors, and other nations condemn fools who would involve Djinni in this war. Leave them to serve; there are few enough of them anyways!”
Igheriz himself listened and nodded, smiling.
“Just for that, Droppe, I will put in a good word for you at the market! Someone remember to give him wine tonight, eh? For easing our minds.”
The Lizardman tried to bow, grinning broadly. Igheriz did seem to relax, as well as the other [Guards] who had been nervously fingering their hilts every time Azam passed by.
Pisces just frowned to himself, wondering if Droppe was right. Even if he was…he looked ahead towards Bearig.
“Roshal seems to be a major power.”
The [Cook] stared ahead until he realized Pisces was talking to him, and then jumped.
“What? Er, yes, Adventurer Pisces!”
“It’s just Pisces, Bearig. Do you know much about this?”
The man tried in vain to wipe at a sweating brow.
“No more than any other Chandrarian, Pisces. Which is more than someone from Izril I suppose…you’ve never seen Djinni?”
“Never, aside from scrying orbs. Wistram doesn’t keep them. Their binding spells can interfere with magic, we had Golems and…there are too many things for them to exploit.”
