Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 22
“I—perhaps we could offer you entertainment, Magus Eldavin? We have a quite splendid number of [Musicians] or [Bards] we could summon from Invrisil. There are even—yes, the Players of Celum! We could arrange a private play—”
“I’ve seen them. Not interested. Maybe I’ll go back and call a later time.”
The Dragon snorted. He began to rise and Sacra panicked. Later meant…far too long. The last time he had been here had been over eight years ago.
“Lord Teriarch…perhaps you could aid us? There’s a small issue in Invrisil!”
Desperately, she spoke. The Dragon looked up.
“What’s this? What issue?”
The [Maid] froze. But she’d said it. So she went on in a rush before he could draw a magic circle in the rug.
“Er—I was just in Invrisil. An urgent issue was sent for Lady Reinhart. One of the staff—Nalthaliarstrelous has gotten into an incident. Assault.”
“That [Druid]? Someone jumped him? What, a Level 50 [Thug]? I swear I saw a high-level one about last time, but who attacks [Druids]? They carry moss, not gold!”
The Dragon raised his eyebrow incredulously. Sacra wiped at her brow as Reynold ran back in with twenty plus cheeses and as many vintages as his bag of holding could carry.
“No, Lord Teriarch. Actually… Nalthaliarstrelous has apparently, er, beaten a young man half to death.”
Reynold winced. He was familiar with this. The Dragon just stared.
“…Why?”
“Apparently, the young man spurred his horse to the point it was injured. Nalthaliarstrelous has…a history of attacking pet owners for abuse.”
“Of course. [Druids] don’t stand for that sort of thing. I’ll wager that young man got what he deserved. Time was, a [Druid] would shoot a [Poacher] with the arrows they left in animals.”
The Dragon leaned back. But he looked interested. Sacra nodded as Reynold set up hurriedly.
“Yes, Lord Teriarch. But…Invrisil has laws. Lady Reinhart will reimburse the injured party, of course, but the Watch and the [Mayor] are objecting. Strenuously. Nalthaliarstrelous’ actions are somewhat problematic.”
“I suppose they are. Huh. Well, well. He’s quite respectful. Perhaps…yes. Perhaps that would be an interesting conversation. Not that I don’t approve of it, but I can speak with him. I’ll do that.”
The half-Elf stood up. Reynold and Sacra looked at each other.
“Grand Magus? We can find Nalthaliarstrelous. There’s no need to—”
“Nonsense. I don’t need help. I’ll find him myself. One good scrying spell—no. I’m not spelling that name out. I’ll just track his magical trail. I’ll be back.”
“Grand Magus, wait—”
Too late. Pop went the half-Elf. He vanished. Reynold stood with a plate full of exotic cheeses. Sacra’s mouth opened in horror. They looked at each other and ran.
 
—-
 
[Druids] in the inn. They stood in the center of a gathering of onlookers. From afar, though. Guests sat at the tables, absorbing…
The ambiance. It took a particular guest of culture, to appreciate The Wandering Inn’s unique ambiance.
But picture the scene. A Centaur was smoking near an open window, taking his leisure. The drinks were ready at hand. A Dwarf was having just a light ale—he had work later. The air was filled with the smells of good food from the kitchen. An [Actor] was striding the stage.
The sound of clattering dishes, muted voices—shouting from the place with the three [Druids]. Classy. Well, a certain level of class. A cold drink with ice cubes in claw, and in the background, a Hobgoblin strumming on a guitar.
Ambiance. And as you sipped, you could listen.
