Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 35
“True. But all of us have our paths. You might be a fine grower, or more magically inclined. The point is that nature is supported where you find it. It may be a garden, like I tend. Or Oteslia’s produce.”
Druids could sell plants? Wasn’t that bad? Shassa shrugged.
“Everyone has to earn money. And we put it into sanctuaries for animals. You see, some of us are less active than others. Because of [Druids], the Pegasi populations did not dwindle like Unicorns! They now live in Oteslia, even if their numbers are still small.”
“As slaves.”
“Companions! They’re well-cared for, Nalthaliarstrelous!”
“Mhm. As slaves. They are not free to fly.”
“Don’t start, please! The Circle of Oteslia decided centuries ago—”
“The north never agreed to it.”
“How many Pegasi are in the north, then? Huh? Answer me that?”
“They died free.”
“Well, don’t hit me for speaking the truth—”
The two began to quarrel. Mrsha listened, hearing insults both verbal and mental begin to fly. Her takeaway was that [Druids] were a bit high-strung.
But she liked her class. She didn’t know if she wanted to just be a [Druid], though. Mrsha rather liked the idea of being a [Druid]-[Adventurer]. A real adventurer. And maybe a [Wizard] too!
Both Nalthaliarstrelous and Shassa stared at the Gnoll child in consternation. It seemed to occur to them only now that Mrsha might not be as invested as they were in their class. Nalthaliarstrelous opened his mouth—
And twitched. His head spun around. Mrsha and Shassa looked at him. The [Druid] stared about. Then up.
“What is that?”
 
—-
 
Twang. On his roof, Bird happily hummed and shot another arrow. Another bird fell out of the skies.
“Two birds, three birds, all in the pot. Or if I leave them out, they will rot.”
Bird happily sing. He ignored the roar from below. An outraged Dragon overturned a chess board. An [Innkeeper] danced. Chaldion pounded on the door as Saliss leaned on it.
Spectacle. But Bird didn’t care. He aimed his bow at another frantic, diving shape. He sighted, calculating velocity, wind, drew back and—
“Nalthaliarstrelous, stop!”
The Antinium froze. He had heard nothing. Seen nothing. Up until that moment—slowly he turned his head.
A vast bear stood behind him. No—not a bear. It had climbed the tower in three moves. Long claws had torn the wood. But this creature was bipedal. It opened its mouth and dark venom dripped between huge fangs. It rippled with muscle—Bird swung his bow around.
“What are you doing?”
The thing spoke. The Worker hesitated. He saw a Drake and Gnoll race onto the roof, alarmed. The other Workers scrambled for weapons, but Nalthaliarstrelous paid no attention. Bird hesitated.
“Hunting Birds?”
The [Druid] waited. Bird stared up at him. Slowly, Nalthaliarstrelous looked at Bird.
“Tell me. How many do you kill? How many do you eat? How many do you leave to rot, or strip only for feathers and trophies?”
He had exceptionally long claws, Bird noted. Venom bite—it was like someone had engineered parts of bear, wolf, and something with venom for combat. The Antinium reflected he might die unless he jumped from the roof. But someone would die either way. Still—since Mrsha was behind the [Druid] and frantically trying to pull him back, the Worker replied. Honestly.
“I will kill as many birds as I see. Yes, as many as fly past me. I eat them all. I leave some to rot so they get squishy. And I like their feathers very muchly. Will you kill me?”
He drew back the arrow, aiming for Nalthaliarstrelous’s open jaws. The [Druid] stared at him. The Workers froze. And then—Nalthaliarstrelous laughed.
 
—-
 
