Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 49
“Perhaps you have seen how many new goods come from Longstalker’s Fang this Meeting of Tribes. Well, what would you say if I told you much of it was made this last year? Inkar came to you, didn’t she, Chieftain Eska? Did she come with wrath or ill-intent?”
Chieftain Eska rose.
“I have nothing ill to say of her, Krshia. She gave us new knowledge and was nothing but credit—even when my own tribe was unkind to her. She was so beloved that Honored Deskie—Deskie, whom you all know—wove her very clothing herself. A mark of respect, for Honored Inkar, a Human who we are proud to call our own.”
Krshia nodded, turning desperately to her audience. Her words were not in vain; they swayed some of the Gnolls. But again, someone spoke, and this time it was Yiew. He looked at her with hollow eyes.
“You tell us of good individuals, Krshia Silverfang, Chieftain Eska. But I hear individuals. I do not know this people. I only hear what they are capable of. Good, yes, or ill. I cannot imagine a world where smoke belches into the sky and metal and lightning rules. I fear it.”
How could you imagine it? Krshia tried to argue, but the Chieftains, even Adetr, had never seen Erin Solstice. They had no idea what she was like, even if words could capture the way she laughed.
 
——
 
In an age long gone, aeons ago, if the Gnolls of another Meeting of Tribes had heard another world existed, they would not have feared a world of Humans. In those days, some would have prepared for strife, and others gone with open arms, but their people would have not feared, but gone as equals.
They would have rejoiced, because it meant there was twice as much of reality to explore, and been the first to walk across the furthest lands, for better or worse. A fearless people who walked arm-in-arm with myth and legend.
Once, Gnolls traveled the world. Once, we were explorers.
But that is only what the stories said. How could you prove it? Perhaps…perhaps someone had written it down?
Shaman Theikha of Gaarh Marsh entertained her guests in the evening, although she had to rest for tomorrow’s meeting on Earth. The Gaarh Marsh [Shamans] and guards wouldn’t have let them meet her normally, because Theikha was so important and wise—but Gireulashia was the [Paragon] of Ekhtouch.
“Ah, now, who is this? Mri?”
The girl hid behind Gire, and the Gnoll hurried to introduce her. Theikha gave Mrsha a keen-eyed look but turned to Satar.
“Well met, Shaman Satar.”
“You honor me too greatly, Shaman Theikha.”
Satar was red beneath her fur, and also petrified. Theikha herself! The oldest [Shaman] living smiled at her and gestured.
“Sit, sit! We are all Gnolls. Let us never forget that. And I have all the time for young Gnolls who ask serious questions, no matter what my minders say. Not least for gifts! These must be cookies. I will help myself and keep them as gifts.”
Her eyes lit up at the cookies Mrsha had bought as a gift. A big basket…and soft, nice, chewy cinnamon ones. Theikha took one and ate with great humor as Satar laid out her problem. She watched Mrsha anxiously, but the Gnoll had refused to leave. She wanted to hear the truth too, and, of all the [Shamans]…well, Satar hoped Theikha wouldn’t say anything grisly. The old Gnoll was certainly frowning as she listened, though.
“Hm? Each story of Doombringers is changed? That is odd. I have noticed…odd things in our Retellings, but you understand, each tribe keeps to itself aside from the Meeting of Tribes. Oh, we join up, but no wonder we seldom look at it as a whole.”
