Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 10
Golems. Six unfinished Golems stood around the room, each one in the process of being made or adjusted. They were like…toys. Nsiia saw an arm, perfectly sculpted out of metal, ready to be attached to the body.
The arm was iron, thick, but not solid. Rather, hollow, lined with an inner clay between the iron armor, and laced with runes drawn in gemstone ‘ink’ on the interior. It would be added to the towering figure, sixteen feet tall and so heavy that Femithain’s workshop had to be reinforced or it would collapse under the weight.
Nsiia inspected the glowing core in the exposed Golem’s chest. Femithain had added…well, that was interesting. She traced the runes across the inside of the Golem’s chest radiating outwards.
“So that’s how it’s supposed to look? And he used—a different magical binding. Where is it?”
She scoured the workbench in front of the Golem, trying to remember exactly what was changed from yesterday. This is what Nsiia did; not sunbathe on rooftops to tease young men, and possibly women, or prowl around like some animal or talk to dogs or birds. She did that to distract from the fact that she was often in here.
Learning. Nsiia frowned over the Golem’s innards.
“This…Femithain would not make an ordinary Iron Golem. So what’s different?”
Well, for one thing, she was sure that ordinary [Golem Artificers] couldn’t have created half as intricate magical circuitry on the inside of the Golem’s shell. Femithain had written the magical ‘instructions’ that allowed the Golem to move and function with a brush the width of a pencil. Nsiia had seen him completing a custom-Golem with standard instructions—the binding spell had been written four or even five times as large. The complexity here spoke to…
“Aha! Spells! It’s a Golem that shoots—magic?”
Nsiia had it at last when she checked some of the scrolls lying around and realized they were copies of attack spells she knew. [Sticky Webs], [Arrows of Light]…Femithain was binding the spells into the Golem so it could activate them at once.
Iron armor, with clay in the middle to cushion the impacts. That was shell. Intricate writing? Instructions. Now…where was the energy?
Nsiia had never been taught how to make Golems. So all the terms and ideas were things she’d picked up observing Femithain or stealing around his workshop when he was asleep. As far as she understood it—Golems had three parts.
Shell, instructions, energy. The shell of a Golem was the armor. Steel, stone, even other substances. Instructions were what…made the Golems move. They had to tell the Golems how to raise arms, punch things—it was what took the most time, even more than creating the steel-bodies for Wargolems.
But the last key was energy. Golems were not infinitely-sustainable creatures. Each one needed magical energy to function. And the more powerful—the more magic. It had puzzled Nsiia no end, trying to figure out how such powerful, giant creations could move. On mana stones? It seemed so…inefficient.
“Where’s the power supply? Here? No, here…no!”
She looked around, frustrated. Once again, she couldn’t find it! It seemed obvious, didn’t it? The Golems had to have a mana stone. But she saw the armor, layered, the glowing instructions written on the inside—but no power source.
