Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 31
“He will live. His mind does not seem affected. He was waiting for death, not out of air entirely. He will live. Thanks to you.”
“Mm. Good.”
The Hobgoblin nodded once. And that was all he said. Yellow Splatters turned his head to look at the Hob. He caught Numbtongue eying him. The two exchanged a long glance, eying each other from head to toe unabashedly. At last, the [Bard] grunted.
“You can speak?”
The [Sergeant] nodded shortly.
“I can. I was reborn, my body remade by the Free Queen. I have a voice, that I might lead my fellow Soldiers.”
“…Huh.”
Yellow Splatters waited for a question, like the ones Erin had showered him with, or Pawn or Belgrade. But all Numbtongue did after that was grunt.
“Good.”
“What?”
The Painted Soldier looked over. Numbtongue shrugged a Goblin’s shrug.
“Good. Right? Feels good.”
“Yes. It…feels good.”
Yellow Splatters breathed in and out. He spoke the word again.
“Yes.”
He turned his head. And Numbtongue smiled.
“Good. Better.”
That was all he said. He smiled, and turned his head. The wind blew across the Floodplains, drying the mud on the Hobgoblin’s body, ruffling his hair. Yellow Splatters watched the Goblin pick some mud out of his ears. He spoke abruptly.
“You were there. With the five—with the Goblins.”
The [Bard] paused. His expression clouded for a moment. Then he looked up at Yellow Splatters and it cleared. Not becoming happier. But easing, opening. He looked at Yellow Splatters and nodded.
“We were there.”
The Painted Soldier paused. Then it was his turn to nod. He opened his mandibles and a hundred things to say flashed across his mind.
“It was—”
He broke off. He glanced at Numbtongue.
“We—”
Another pause.
“When Pawn—”
Silence. Yellow Splatters, for the first time in his life, found himself at a loss for the words he had been given. Because they were all inadequate. But the [Bard], quietly, and with simple words, said the words Yellow Splatters struggled to find.
“Being the last one is hard.”
The [Sergeant] paused. He opened his mandibles and his four hands clenched and unclenched. His antennae waved, searching. And then he looked at Numbtongue. And his explanations, his lies, his need to tell fell apart. Because there was nothing to say. The Goblin had been there. He understood.
“Yes. It is. Very hard.”
The two stood together. Just looking at each other. A dead Antinium and a lonely Goblin. And they remembered. Numbtongue remembered a Soldier who spoke with no words. Yellow Splatters a Goblin much like the one he saw. But one of five. And the two saw what had changed, and what had not. And they remembered something else.
Numbtongue looked across the valley. At the Painted Soldiers, fighting, struggling against Shield Spiders, watching the valleys filled with mud carefully, excavating them in key spots to let the drainage begin. And he looked at Yellow Splatters. And suddenly, he felt thirsty. And dirty. And tired. So he pointed back, across the Floodplains at a small building he called home.
“Want…want to get a drink? The inn has drinks. And food.”
He had never said those words before. But they felt natural. Perfect for the moment. Yellow Splatters froze for a heartbeat. He looked at Numbtongue. And he read the Goblin. He understood him without having to speak. More than just words—he read Numbtongue’s face, his body language, almost tense, expectant.
