Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 2
For instance, Cellidel was a proper Drake city—which meant far more Drakes than Gnolls, unlike Liscor, who had experienced their Gnoll-boom two decades back. No Humans whatsoever.
Thus, a more Drake Watch. In fact, Relc had counted the Gnoll [Guards]; all six of them. Even if he missed those on night-shifts or other Watch Houses, that was low.
He was in the main Watch House, which, like the one that had held Zevara, was also privy to the Watch Captain of the city. Nominally, it was for the best [Guards] and rookies, whereas experienced veterans took lead in other Watch Houses. However, Relc suspected his Senior Guardsman status was less of a reason than the Watch Captain wanting to keep an eye on him and see how he did the first few months.
For all that, the old Drake, Terigrals, was much like the Watch Captain before Zevara, and seemed happy to have a Level 30+ [Guard] of any class serving in his city. The other Drakes treated Relc somewhat warily as a newcomer, but a few were former soldiers for the city too and Relc had gotten in with them fairly easily, especially when he’d thumped a few with his spear to prove he’d earned his status.
One of them greeted Relc now.
“There’s our [Spearmaster]!”
Relc grinned and slapped the other Drake on the shoulder as the other [Guards] saw him walk in. It wasn’t hard to do that.
“Hey—you. How’s it going? Anything interesting happen while I was away? Monster attacks? [Bandits]? No? Mind if I take a nap?”
The other Drake didn’t miss Relc’s omission. He rolled his eyes as the others laughed.
“My name is Possel, Relc. Pos. Just…how many days has it been?”
The bigger Drake—he was probably the biggest one here, certainly the most muscular—grinned innocently.
“I’m trying! There are a lot of you.”
“We’ve been partnered eighteen times this month.”
“Right! Pas, my buddy!”
The other Drake made a slight hissing sound and shrugged off Relc’s arm, but his tail didn’t actually lash or curl up. Which was, of course, because that was how Relc acted with all of them. Of course he knew Pos’ name.
Relc kept smiling and joking with the others for three minutes, then was able to grab some armor and dress up. Then he was allowed to be ignored.
It was routine. The newcomer, especially the hotshot from another Watch House, was always the target. So the smart Drake played up not remembering faces, didn’t make enemies all at once, and waited for someone else to be the focus of the locker-room dynamics.
Not that there were exactly lockers; he’d just heard Erin using the phrase once. Relc sighed as he finished outfitting himself with his armor.
Cellidel vs Liscor. Interesting differences. In Liscor, you wore sturdy leather with chainmail underneath; the chainmail being optional for the Watch who did monster patrols or wanted some in case they tangled with criminals. It got hot, yeah, but it was solid, dependable—but a bit cheap.
Money was the thing. Like how a [Mage] could cast [Message] spells all day but charged you five copper a word. Outfitting even a few thousand [Guards] with chainmail was expensive, and so it wasn’t for everyone. They hadn’t really needed heavier armor, although with the dungeon, Embria had written that the Watch was looking into more serious armor and weaponry.
Cellidel on the other claw? They had a Watch who worked with their standing army. A much smaller army than Liscor’s roving mercenary army since it sustained itself on the city’s budget; so that meant a much better Watch.
“Aw. It’s got rust on it. How’d that happen? Anyone have a rust-removal tonic? Or just some steel wire? Oil?”
