Interlude – Krshia
Page 14
Another nod. Mrsha shot a quick glance towards Krshia’s bedroom. Elirr grinned.
“From her book?”
Mrsha avoided looking directly at Krshia. She nodded very slowly. Krshia scowled. She opened her mouth but received another kick.
“Could you show us? If it is possible?”
The little Gnoll looked up at Elirr. He smiled reassuringly at her and Krshia tried to wipe the scowl off her face. She wanted to see. Mrsha hesitated, but then nodded her head. She leapt from the couch, and began to pluck at her side. Both Elirr and Krshia frowned until Mrsha undid a bit of string and pulled a wand out of her fur!
“Where was that?”
Krshia was astonished. Mrsha had hidden a wand along her side! She’d tied it to her with a length of string, and her thick fur had completely camouflaged the wand! The Gnoll waved it proudly in the air. Krshia gaped and then frowned.
“Wait. That wand smells of Pisces. And I recall Erin telling me you often played with it. Is this wand you have taken, you little thief?”
Mrsha’s eyes went round and she shook her head slowly. Krshia folded her arms and again received a kick in her leg. This time she kicked Elirr back.
“If you are stealing—”
“Come, Krshia, let her show you first!”
Elirr growled, rubbing at his stomach where Krshia had kicked him. He waved a paw at Mrsha who looked expectantly at him. The Gnoll stared up at Krshia, then nodded. She pointed her wand at the floorboards in front of her.
“Wait, what is she doing to my fl—”
Too late. Mrsha jerked the wand up as if she was raising something and greenery burst from between the floorboards. Krshia leapt back with an exclamation and Elirr laughed with delight. Green grass, bright and vibrant, grew between the floorboards, rising upwards, until it formed a bed between the cracks. Krshia stared, dumbstruck at the grass which Mrsha leapt over. The Gnoll cub batted a stalk, then plucked it and held it up. Krshia slowly took the bit of grass and sniffed it.
Grass. It smelled odd. Magical. The scents of Mrsha and Krshia’s floor stuck to it, but no dirt, no earthy loam. It had been conjured out of nowhere.
“Magic.”
Elirr breathed the words, his eyes shining. Krshia just stared. Magic. A Gnoll had done magic, and it had not been the magic of [Shamans]. If it had been, she would have known. Mrsha had waved her wand and…conjured grass.
“That was your spell? You cast it and you alone? Not the wand?”
She didn’t think so, but she had to ask. Mrsha looked insulted and nodded her head vigorously. Krshia scratched her neck.
“You can grow…grass? And what else? Do you have another spell, Mrsha?”
To her great surprise, the Gnoll nodded. Mrsha pointed her wand at the grass and both Krshia and Elirr stepped back. They saw Mrsha frown in intense concentration, then wave her wand in a circle. And then—
The grass grew taller. It sprouted up an additional foot into the air and Krshia heard her floorboards creak as they were forced wider by the growing stalks. Mrsha proudly peeked through the huge stalks of grass at the two adults. She walked back and gestured with her paws.
Tada.
Elirr and Krshia waited for the grass to do anything else, but it just sat there. Krshia scratched her head.
“Anything else?”
Mrsha shook her head. She looked quite proud of herself, but after Krshia’s awe had faded, she had to question the scope of Mrsha’s powers. She turned to Elirr.
“She has magic. But she is growing grass with it. I thought you said this saved all the Gnolls in the dungeon, Elirr.”
