Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 38
Instead of killing sentries or ambushing patrols, she kept stealing food from the Alliance. She would scuttle back, and, in exchange, Fluffy Lancers would quietly boil it up or cook it, and she got to eat the food.
Now, Crusader 442 offered her an orange as she greedily devoured it piece by piece. Thief, the Silent Antinium, was one of several oddities.
 
——
 
“…And rise as a [Crusader].”
Zimrah, the last [Priest], had leveled up today. She no longer smiled as she inducted an Armored Antinium into their ranks. It was a choice—but many of their Hive wanted it.
She spoke sermons, she healed, and her faith was strong. But the Worker did not walk around with the same conviction as before. Theophilus and Jerimy were dead. Pawn had offered to let her return with the Painted Antinium. He had not expected her to take the offer, nor could Zimrah.
How could she go back?
There was something here. The army was alive. The army…there were things Olesm didn’t know and accepted about the Antinium command. He saw what was important, for all he could be so terribly cruel.
Yet look at them.
Zimrah saw…tragedy and glory. She saw gifts, kindness, anger in Crusader 57, confidence, selfishness in Shelly, a desire to be loved in Kevin. She saw bravery and wrath.
These were not all good things. But for the first time—they were Antinium things.
 
——
 
Manus was coming tonight. Artur had gone around the camp, telling everyone to get ready. It looked like a night attack on their camps, maybe. A fully-backed army.
“Drisshia’s heavies. Manus will sneak through them. Do not die. That is an order.”
He passed by multiple squads, and some Workers offered him parts of their gifts, but Artur declined. The flag flew behind him. He would fight with them.
[Raise the Standard]. The [Banner Leader] had leveled up. Those who lived—got stronger. If you lived.
Manus was higher-level still. So they won. It was a thing any Antinium who lived long enough understood as a reality of war. Manus had done this longer. Manus had enchanted gear.
It wasn’t fair. But they had more than just faith and Heaven to help them face it.
 
“From days of war and wrath we ran
Exiled from every land
Searching for our honor lost
And found the House of Minos’ sands.”
 
A song rose over the ranks of the Antinium, and some turned to listen. A Minotaur with one arm sat with the Beriad, the self-named group who followed him into battle.
It was Workers who sang, in unison, and never had Antinium sung like that before, together. Even Bird could not have dreamed of that.
Or maybe he could. Bird was silly.
However, the singing broke off as the Minotaur lifted a hand.
“That’s how we sing it. But this is your song. It would not be the House of Minos’ sands. Er…what rhymes with sand?”
“Land?”
“That’s line two.”
The Workers and Minotaur sat together, trying to compose new lyrics. This was good. These were good things.
It would not stop Manus from killing them, but it would let them go to their deaths as brave as brave could be. If Calruz gave it to them, that was well.
However…another squad sat together, calmly waving their antennae at one another.
Hectval, not Manus, weighed on their minds despite the impending battle. They were an odd group. Not one battle had passed recently without one of their number dying.
Or at least, that’s what the casualty reports said. Despite them being an archery group, they had a higher-than-average casualty rating, which Dekass had noted.
