Interlude – Krshia
Page 6
“Miss Ossi, good morning! Care to shop? I will only be open for an hour this morning, so if you have any orders, place them now, yes? Mister Vallissil, do you need a healing potion for that cut on your arm? I have a new shipment from Celum! A Stitchworks classic!”
Hers was the only loud voice on the entire street. Drakes and Gnolls came over, checking out Krshia’s goods, greeting her warily, asking her about prices and the news. Especially the news. Krshia spoke as she exchanged goods for coin or wrote down orders to be fulfilled later.
“Miss Krshia, did you hear about what happened? I woke up with the horns, but I thought it was nothing. But I heard that something happened to the magic door. You know, the one in the crazy Human girl’s inn? The Wandering Inn?”
“I heard the same things. But the door is back, or so I hear.”
The Drake with a cut on his arm shivered as he paid for a weak healing potion.
“Not in one piece. It was damaged by Human saboteurs. The connection to Pallass is gone. All the soldiers are cut off and we’re alone.”
The other customers muttered uneasily. One of them, a Drake with a purse and speckled blue and yellow scales, looked nervous. She glanced over her shoulder as her tail lashed the ground.
“Maybe it’s time to go. My husband has been talking about it. We’ve lived here for sixteen years and the Antinium were one thing. You hardly notice them—well, up till now, and it was reassuring having them here sometimes. But this? Krshia, this is war.”
“It may be. But leaving the city now is premature, yes?”
Krshia raised her eyebrows disbelievingly while her heart sank. The Drake shook her head.
“You think so? The Goblins and Humans are days away at best! I thought we could go through to Pallass if something went wrong or they’d send a huge army through the door, but now—if we’re going it has to be right when the waters fall.”
“You don’t mean leave, Miss Ossi. Not Liscor!”
Vallissil turned to the other Drake, looking stunned. The Drake woman turned her head away.
“I don’t want to abandon the city. But I’ve heard people saying that there’s no way Liscor will be able to hold out against two armies. And that was before the connection to Pallass vanished. I have a newborn daughter and a son. I…this isn’t like the Necromancer. The army’s not here—most of them—and they have trebuchets.”
“That’s just a rumor—”
“It’s a fact! My husband heard from his friend that our [Strategist] was talking about it.”
“Who? Olesm Swifttail? He’s young! He doesn’t know—”
The male Drake cut off as another Drake woman leaned around him.
“Does your family have any plans? How’ll you go south?”
Ossi hesitated.
“We don’t know. We’d have to hire a wagon and cross the Floodplains, but all that mud…”
“It would be safer in numbers. If a lot of us went—not saying we would, but if we were going, it would be tomorrow or the day after, right? The waters are lowering.”
“You can’t be serious! Liscor won’t fall—”
“In that case, why did Olesm call for help? Did you hear? He strode into Pallass and demanded reinforcements!”
“So they’re coming.”
“In time?”
“Leaving with my family would mean abandoning our business and home. But if it’s that or dying when the Goblins breach the walls—”
“Trebuchets—”
“That damn Human, Tyrion Veltras and his lot—”
Krshia listened to the babble of voices as she did business mechanically, then just leaned on her counter and listened to people talk. Her heart sank further. This was the first time she’d heard this kind of discussion. Leaving Liscor? The people were truly frightened to think of such a thing.
