Interlude – Krshia
Page 19
Elirr nodded, and then turned to Krshia, his eyes blazing.
“But not dead. Not all. Krshia, they cannot be allowed to sacrifice Gnolls. I stared into their souls afterwards, and what I saw was terrible and ancient. We must bring word of this to the other tribes.”
“They know. But they have not acted. Their [Shamans] communicated with Olesm, and warned of the dangers of the Raskghar, but I think they knew as little as we.”
“Then what we should know must be pooled and more knowledge found. Because the awakened Raskghar scare me even in the daylight, Krshia. They must all be found and killed. And if more colonies hide in the earth…”
Elirr trailed off. Krshia nodded.
“The meeting of tribes approaches. They will hear your story, I promise.”
The other Gnoll calmed. He breathed more easily, and then looked out of the kitchen at Mrsha.
“We would have all died there, I think. All or most, sacrificed before you came if not for her. She allowed most to escape with her strength. After I called her Doombringer. If she had been a few years older, if we had trusted her from the start—perhaps she could have freed us all.”
“She is unique.”
Krshia nodded. The two Gnolls stared at Mrsha, her fur as white as snow. Cursed because of her fur.
“And she knows magic. Because of her fur, do you think? Is that the key?”
“No.”
It couldn’t be. Krshia spoke firmly.
“It is a coincidence, not a requirement to learn magic as [Mages] do. We know Gnolls can rise to the heights of magical power. In an aeon past, it was said that Gnolls were counted among the Archmages of Wistram. But so long and so old were they that no books record their names, and we have only legends to remember. Names. The Archmage Kishkeria, who created one of the grand spells of her era, [Seas of the Everflowing Grass]. With it she saved a continent, but we know not from what or how.”
“Yes. But we do remember her.”
Elirr bowed his head. Both he and Krshia had grown up in the Silverfang tribe. They had grown up hearing their [Shaman] reciting names of past Gnoll heroes and their deeds, but many tales were incomplete. Old. Faded. Krshia sighed.
“We all know recent stories, like that of our greatest of Chieftains, Kerash, who died a century ago. But older stories? Each time an old [Shaman] or [Storyteller] dies in an accident or before passing on their memories to their apprentices, we lose more of the past. Our history should be written down now, not passed from mouth to mouth.”
She sensed Elirr’s amusement at her suggestion. He glanced sidelong at her.
“If you’d like to bring that up at the meeting of tribes, Honored Krshia, be my guest. But too many would decry it as replacing tradition.”
Krshia made a rude sound.
“Tradition? Hah! The old [Shamans] are too lazy to write things down and won’t admit that their stories are full of holes and they don’t know what is true and what was made up! But we need record, we need books! The Drakes are stubborn and rigid, but their records allow them to see the past. We remember fragments.”
“Yes. But our fragments are woven into our culture. There is some merit to that.”
It was Elirr’s turn to comfort Krshia. She sighed.
“Yes. It is good. But that is why we do not change, Elirr. And we must. We must.”
For a while the two stood in silence. Then Krshia looked to the living room.
“Let us check on Mrsha.”
