Interlude – Two Rats
Page 4
“Moore! Hey, Moore! Get over here!”
The half-Giant cut off as a voice interrupted him. He looked up and Mrsha saw a pale hand waving. There sat Jelaqua, who changed bodies like other people changed clothes. A Human woman today, waving from her seat next to a Dullahan as large as Moore. A Drowned Man sat at the table, his arms folded, looking characteristically grumpy.
Moore hesitated and broke off from his tale. He glanced at Mrsha and sighed.
“Coming, Jelaqua! Sorry, Mrsha. She wants me to talk with Maughin. I’ll tell you the story later, alright? Why don’t you come with me?”
He beckoned, smiling. Mrsha hesitated and peered at Jelaqua and Maughin. Her eyes narrowed. They were sitting next to each other and Jelaqua was leaning down to smile at the Dullahan’s head resting on the table. They smelled of sex and looked like any young Gnoll couple back in the Stone Spears tribe.
Mrsha was, after all, a Gnoll, and not many things were secret when you lived in a small tribe with ears better than most dogs. Moreover, she had the same vibe from Jelaqua and Maughin. They were going to be like young Gnoll couples. The kind that no one liked in a tribe, who had to use the furthest-away tents because they were so noisy at night. And who constantly looked at each other and never played with Mrsha. She turned up her head and Moore sighed.
“No? I’d like it.”
Even then. Mrsha turned her head and waved her paws, shooing Moore away. He got up with a groan.
“I don’t blame you. Coming, Jelaqua! Don’t throw things! Stupid lovesick couples…”
He took on a bit of Seborn’s grumpiness as he came over. Leaving Mrsha by herself. A bit put out, despite having made what she considered the wise decision, Mrsha grumpily yanked up her magical grass and watched it begin to dissipate. She looked around the crowded inn.
Normally, she’d enjoy such a sight. But sometimes, yes, sometimes, Mrsha liked the quiet of the inn. Because that meant Drassi had time to play with her, or Ishkr would let her help in the kitchen. She could roam from table to table in the huge [Grand Theatre], play tag with Apista. And it also meant Erin and Lyonette had time for her.
Numbtongue too. He was nice. Even if the other Goblin, the one named Pyrite was in him too. But Numbtongue, like Mrsha, didn’t like the crowded inn so he was in Celum with Octavia. Mrsha would have gone with them, but she was banned from the [Alchemist]’s shop. As if she’d knock over potions by accident! Mrsha just wanted to learn alchemy. But no…
Grumpily, Mrsha crawled off the table and slunk to the floor. It was immediately occupied by a pair of Dullahans. They stared at her as they removed their heads. She stared up at them and walked on all fours.
This was no good. No, not at all. This inn was too crowded! And as she thought that, Mrsha glanced up and saw the sun shining through some of the windows. Look at that. It was a lovely spring day and Mrsha could smell the outdoors each time someone went outside. She glanced at the bright skies and came to an immediate decision.
It was time to go outside. Yes! Of course! Why hadn’t she thought of that? It was far too nice to stay indoors any longer. And Mrsha, no, Mrsha the Adventurer knew exactly what she could do outside.
Memory stirred. And Mrsha, Mrsha the Brave, recalled another time when she’d gone outdoors. There had been trials then. Trials and tribulations when she got back and was punished. But it had been an adventure. The best kind. She had been a hero. She had gone out with her trusty companion, Apista, and defeated Crelers. With her allies.
