Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 19
“I was pleased to see that you honored your vow at the end. Rabbiteater might have died, but for your intervention, and I thank you for that.”
Talia’s hand paused as she applied a thin coat of fast-drying paint to her armor.
“I only did what any [Knight] of the Summer would do, Dame Meisa.”
“Of course, Dame Talia. But I didn’t know if you would do even that. You’ve made your feelings about Rabbiteater plain.”
The Summer Knight calmly put down her breastplate. She suppressed her aura, although posture was more difficult.
“—That sounds unworthy of you, Dame Meisa.”
“Does it? I didn’t know if you would ride to the Goblin’s defence.”
“You rode with him. I was not about to let any [Knight] die in vain.”
“And if it was just Rabbiteater, Ser Solstice alone?”
Talia set down her tools.
“If you want to take me to task for my views, Dame Meisa, it feels like this has been a conversation long set aside.”
Meisa’s not-quite-glare never wavered.
“Indeed. I recognize that, as a Spring Knight not yet set in her season, I cannot take a superior [Knight] to task.”
“By all means, Dame Meisa. Speak your mind.”
“Very well, Talia. Then I find your conduct towards Rabbiteater dishonorable and shameful. I am glad you acted properly at the crucial moment.”
Talia Kallinad was not the woman you turned to when you defused a situation. The Summer Knight felt her temper roused in an instant.
“Really. That is an incredible position from you, Meisa. Should we simply ignore that Goblins have been our enemies? That Goblin Kings have destroyed entire nations?”
“I think we should make a difference between individuals and species! Or did his identity undo the fact that he saved us from the Bear of Ailendamus? He sailed across an ocean because you asked him to, Dame Talia. And you insulted him time and time again, when before that I counted you as his strongest ally.”
Talia did not deny that. She folded her arms.
“And I am not blind to the fact that the instant I vouched my doubts, you hopped entirely into Rabbiteater’s camp.”
“Is that a slur on my dignity, Dame Talia?”
Meisa asked, calmly. Talia shrugged.
“You tell me. I do not suggest that intimacy is disgraceful. I am not a prude, Dame Meisa. But it is one thing to greet a Goblin [Knight] as a comrade, and another to go as far as you.”
The Spring Knight smiled with more than a hint of Winter’s element.
“I confess, Dame Talia, you may be right. Perhaps I have ‘hopped’ faster than most. But I will tell you, honestly, that it was you who pushed me into it.”
Talia hadn’t expected that.
“Really? Why?”
The Spring Knight stretched out her legs. The two sat alone, ignored by the rest of the camp. Unheard—except for Ser Markus, trying to slowly edge away, on his way back from the latrines.
“You drove me to it, Dame Talia. I will confess, it was swift. And motivated by sympathy. Sympathy, aye, for a brave warrior who crossed a sea for war, did all this, and was stabbed in the chest by a woman who would not look him in the eye. But I found he was more than he seemed. So I will not be lectured by you and—what are you doing, Ser Markus?”
Talia’s head snapped around. Ser Markus froze, halfway behind the tent.
“I, ah, was just heading off. Don’t mind me, Dame Talia, Meisa.”
“You look as if you fear we’ll kill each other, Markus. Don’t be a prat. We’re talking.”
Meisa nodded. Both stared at Ser Markus and the Spring Knight hesitated. He checked his armor, then shook his head.
“I appreciate the situation is deeply personal and thank you for your words of assurance, Meisa. Talia. But with respect? I have sisters.”
