Interlude – Two Rats
Page 22
Vengeance. The paw came down and the grey rat skittered away, fearful of the wrath that would have laid low mountains. She tugged and her brother squeaked and scrabbled over to bite her. Oh, how they turned. While above them, the child pondered.
 
—-
 
In her head, Mrsha saw the Minotaur in his cell. Alive. Whole. While the dead Gnolls, her kin, lay in the darkness. On the altar. The [Guards] did what was right. What Mrsha would have done.
They jabbed him, struck him again and again.
Part of her wished she’d held the spear. Part of her wished they’d used the other ends. Mrsha’s paw landed with fury and grief and a rat squeaked. The sound was funny, and it almost made Mrsha smile. She paused and did it again.
 
—-
 
A hammer fell. The blow crushed the grey rat to the floor. She wailed, but such agony she made only came out in air, in a sound. And above him the child laughed. Her brother scurried away, faithless, afraid. And the sister felt her breath explode as the paw shook her.
Oh, tragedy. Oh wrath. What had they done to deserve this? The two longed for the darkness. For their kin, the People of the Grain Sack. The paw, the dreaded thing, lifted them up and they beheld two brown eyes.
Tyrant! Fiend! At last they realized this was not some impartial architect, but a thing! No rat. The not-Rat, was giant, but mortal still! It could be felled! So they set to, with tooth and fang, striking a blow against their captor. Though they might fall, it was worth it to fight back against the instrument of their fate—
 
—-
 
Mrsha stared at the wriggling, squeaking rats as she held them up by their connected tails. They rotated, lashing out with their tiny claws. She giggled, forgetting about the Minotaur for a moment. Then she heard an exclamation.
“Mrsha! What is that?”
It was a horrified female voice. Guiltily, Mrsha tried to hide the rats behind her back. But too late. Lyonette stared at the wriggling rats in horror.
“Rats?”
Her exclamation made a number of the inn’s patrons look around. Lyonette hesitated, and then bent over.
“Throw them out at once! Wait—what have you done to—Mrsha!”
She looked horrified, mainly by the knot in the tails. Mrsha looked up, suddenly afraid. She didn’t want to be scolded! She looked around, and then raced over to a group of Gnolls. Raekea looked up from her furious discussion with a group of Gnolls who were all set on arguing with Erin. The [Innkeeper] herself was talking with Rufelt and Lasica at the bar.
“Mrsha, come back here right now, young Miss!”
Lyonette stormed after her as Mrsha hid behind Raekea. The [Armorer] looked up.
“What’s going on?”
“She has two—”
Lyonette hesitated and lowered her voice.
“Two rats in her paws! It’s filthy! I don’t know where she got them—Mrsha, give me—no put them outside! And why are their tails in a knot?”
Raekea looked down at Mrsha, who was peering around her legs wide-eyed. She laughed, and patted Mrsha reassuringly on the head. Emboldened, Mrsha crept out and held the rats up. Lyonette recoiled. But Raekea just snorted and some of the Gnolls did too.
“Miss Lyonette, they’re just rats. And the tails are a common thing. Have you not heard of rat kings?”
“I’ve heard of rats. And I know [Kings]. What’s this about a rat king?”
“Ah, it’s a childhood thing! Do Drakes and Humans not…? Well, when I was a child…”
Lyonette listened to Raekea fondly reminisce about doing what Mrsha had done in disbelief. One of the other Gnolls smiled fondly as well.
“Ah, that brings me back! I used to do the exact same.”
“I kept them and fed them to my dog.”
