Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 1
There it was. A very nice, long letter from a daughter to a father. A bit formal, but chock-full of details from home. She’d put effort into it. If you looked close, you could see how all the details were there to hide the gaping void.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
Slowly, the Drake put the letter down on the low table and sat down. He ignored the bare apartment room, which had about as much as his old apartment rooms. Everything he needed to carry could fit in a bag of holding—or a large rucksack.
Actually, there was more furniture in this place he was leasing. He stared down at the parchment, watching it trying to re-curl into a roll. Four letters since the day she had mentioned Liscor going to war with Hectval.
Not once had she mentioned The Wandering Inn. Embria had not told her father Erin was dead.
Nor had anyone else. However, that implied there were other people sending Relc letters.
There were not. Maybe, the Drake entertained, if Klbkch had still been at his job, he would have sent one each week like clockwork. Aside from Klbkch, though, who would send Relc a letter?
Well. Erin Solstice, that’s who. He had thought she forgot and had tried not to let it bother him.
Now he knew.
Now, he knew.
Relc Grasstongue, Senior Guardsman, former [Sergeant] of Liscor’s army, and [Spearmaster], sat in the bare room, looking down at the letter. He didn’t touch breakfast—a two-day old scone, the last in the basket and some cheese developing a second layer.
He just sat there. Thinking of how it had happened. How it could have been stopped, if someone was there. Thinking of home, which was now different from how he imagined it. The poor kid, who would have to live with losing a parent again. He knew how that felt.
Relc’s huge arms were crossed, the scars on them and his scales illuminated by the steadily-growing light, as dawn turned to morning.
His stomach growled, but he didn’t bother eating. He didn’t rise to perform his normal training with the spear, or fiddle with the blacksmith puzzles he hadn’t solved.
Senior Guardsman Relc didn’t move until it was time to stand up. Exactly then, he did rise, in one motion. He reached for his spear, walked out the door, locked it, and went to work.
 
—-
 
Routine was what defined Relc’s life. He was a former [Soldier]; he followed orders of course, but what he had taken even more to heart was…routine.
As in, the day might come with surprises, but he knew how his day started and ended. Then, after he left the army, he knew how his job went. There were some things that always happened, such that while Relc was infamously bad with regulations, proper protocol, and memorizing new directives, he could tell when sewer-patrols were beginning before the Watch Captain started assigning groups and found himself other work to do, or was first in line to join up his weekly-break to the next-month’s rotation and create the legendary 5-day holiday (you could add one day off per month as needed).
Thus, despite being in a new Drake city, the comparably small city of Cellidel, which was smaller than the Liscor of today, Relc Grasstongue knew better than to look for the day-patrol listings on the side of the Watch House’s wall, right next to the armory.
Funny. Small changes kept throwing him off. In Liscor, they posted the patrols right by the door where the Senior Guard on desk-duty sat. That was so inquiring citizens could see who was going where. Relc supposed it didn’t matter too much, but all he saw in Cellidel were differences to Liscor, good and bad.
