Interlude – Krshia
Page 17
“I warned you, didn’t I?”
“It strained my eyes! I feel a headache coming on—Krshia, do you have that tea?”
“Hold on.”
Krshia got up and shook her head. Careful not to stare at the book Mrsha was still bent over, she went and got her kettle. Her water was cold, but neither she nor Elirr cared. They drank a cup of tea and felt the world stabilize around them. Elirr growled.
“That hurt. It was like spinning around in circles for an hour or waking up after a hangover.”
“That is what happens when non-spellcasters look at spells and try to make sense of it. I think [Mages] go through this quite often when they learn.”
Krshia massaged her temples. Elirr nodded, then blinked down.
“But look! Mrsha is reading!”
It was true. Unlike the adults, Mrsha hadn’t looked up. She was tracing the symbols with one paw, as if she were just reading words, albeit extremely slowly. Krshia shook her head.
“Will wonders ever cease? Mrsha, child. Mrsha?”
She had to call Mrsha’s name several times before the Gnoll looked up, and when she did, it was reproachfully, as if Krshia had torn her away from something fascinating. Krshia cleared her throat as Elirr sat next to her, taking care not to look at the book.
“You can read this, yes?”
Mrsha nodded. She wagged her tail and smiled at the look on the adult’s faces. Krshia stared at the book and hastily averted her gaze.
“It is a wondrous thing, Mrsha. Truly, for all it was done in secret. You can read the magic book as a [Mage] would. And you understand the spell?”
Mrsha cocked her head and shook it slowly. Krshia noted her moment of hesitation though and rephrased the question.
“Ah, you cannot cast it. But you can guess at its effects, yes? What does that spell do?”
The white Gnoll frowned. She looked down at the book and for a minute she was lost, running her paw over the first few lines again. Then she looked up and nodded. She raised her arms, making sure both adults were looking at her, then flapped her arms and swung them from left to right as well. Krshia and Elirr stared.
“A…flying spell?”
“It lets you grow wings?”
“It…makes your arms floppy?”
Mrsha looked put out. She shook her head, then flapped her arms harder and swung them, making faint growling sounds. Then she looked at Krshia and Elirr expectantly, as if that said it all. The Gnoll adults exchanged a glance.
“I think it’s an air spell.”
“No, it clearly controls the body. Mrsha?”
The little Gnoll sighed through her nose and shook her head. She awkwardly propped the book up and pointed to a sliding letter, or what looked like a single letter. Krshia stared at it and felt the headache coming back.
“Put it down, Mrsha. Thank you. I do not understand. But then, I am no [Mage]. Nor do I wish to be. But—if you can read this spell, could you learn it?”
Mrsha frowned. Slowly, she nodded.
“Is it hard?”
Another nod.
“Difficult? Would it take you days? Weeks? Months?”
Nod, nod, nod, shrug. Elirr and Krshia exchanged a glance.
“But she could learn it. Her, a cub not even full-grown. Not even able to walk on two legs!”
Mrsha indignantly stood upright. Krshia ignored her. Her leg was shaking, making the cups on the sitting table rattle. She couldn’t help it.
“Mrsha, could you look through that spellbook for us? And find—a spell?”
Elirr glanced sharply at Krshia. The [Shopkeeper] sat forwards.
“Find a powerful spell. No—one that is both practical and powerful. It does not have to be for war. But find the best one for us. Can you do that?”
