Interlude – Two Rats
Page 32
She saluted them as she walked. Flames coated her every word. Fire of justice. Fire of rage. They drew back. But the Gnoll stayed. Blood ran from the wound and coated his fur. But he spat fury back.
“Leave us be, Watch Captain! Leave us to justice! Leave me to vengeance! Turn away!”
The little Gnoll saw the Drake pause. And her sword extended, glowing with heat as she shook her head.
“Drop your spear, Guardsman Ulkel. For assaulting a prisoner, I am placing you and everyone present under arrest. Come quietly or I will use force. You have one warning.”
“You love that monster more than your people.”
The Drake shook her head.
“I love the law most of all. So drop your weapon.”
He never would. And the Drakes and Gnolls in the prison were split. Mrsha quivered as Zevara turned to guard her.  A Gnoll moved and she turned. But it was Tkrn. He saluted her with his spear as he moved to guard Mrsha. And they held a moment.
Traitor. [Guardsman]. Regret and shame and honor, grasped at the last moment. So stood child and Gnoll and Watch Captain. And she nodded and spun as Ulkel lunged.
No poet would sing of that battle. Brief and short and filled with dishonor. Nor would anyone call it bravery as Mrsha hid behind Tkrn. But perhaps they might spare a word for the Watch Captain.
In the moments before the rest of the Watch arrived, before Lyonette found Mrsha with Erin and the city descended to witness, the Watch Captain fought. She parried a spear thrust, put herself between the Minotaur’s cell and a score. And she slashed and dodged and wove. Faster, more agile than any.
A dozen blades came at her, half-hearted, aimed past her. Each one was knocked down. She even cut an arrow, breathing flame to set the [Archer] alight. She whirled and kicked the Gnoll’s legs out from under him. And her sword aimed at his throat.
“[Lawbreaker’s Enemy]. You aren’t [Guards] any longer. Throw down your weapons before I cut you down.”
A dozen blades fell. Gnolls and Drakes wept. And as he lay on the ground, Ulkel’s voice rasped fury. He stared at Zevara. At Calruz. And at the Gnoll cub hiding behind Tkrn. And he said only one word.
“Doombringer.”
A curse. A condemnation. Her nature. And the child wept. As the prison filled, as they were led away, the Gnolls looked at her. Traitor to their own. Doombringer. Only the Watch Captain paused. She walked through the Minotaur’s cell as he gasped, the potion healing what could be healed. And she looked at Mrsha.
“Don’t listen to them…kid. They brought this on themselves. No justice was done here. But the law is merciful. But there will be law. So long as I remain.”
The irony was she’d forgotten Mrsha’s name. But it didn’t matter for soon it was shouted and whispered and said in reproach and regret. Gnolls ran into the prison. Krshia and Elirr and Raekea and more. And Lyonette and Erin followed, breathless. And the Horns and all but a Hob who stared at a ring of [Guards] who’d arrested him five steps into the city and glared.
“Watch Captain! This is not fair! These Gnolls and Drakes acted out of passion’s sake! For justice, out of respect of their grief, I ask you give them a light sentence! Relief!”
The Gnolls cried for justice and stared at the Minotaur in hate. They argued, with voices like thunder and snarls like lightning, coming, going. And Mrsha crouched and her eyes filled with tears. Betrayal.
“Mrsha should have come to us. We could have handled it. This was a tragedy that could have been avoided.”
So said Raekea. Until Lyonette snapped. She shouted, louder than the quarreling voices.
