Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 58
She outlined it in great detail and waited for him to agree. However, Fetohep’s response was succinct.
 
Fetohep of Khelt: I will not do this for you, Mri.
Mri: What? Why? Stinky! Rude! It’s so nice! You’d be on television! And you have lots of old things! You’d love it!
Fetohep of Khelt: Be that as it may, I am not a Djinni. I do not ‘grant wishes’, nor am I interested in guiding any among the living outside of my kingdom. This is a matter that goes to the heart of Gnollkind.
Mri: Yes. So are you not friends with Gnolls? That’s racist. You’re racist.
Fetohep of Khelt: I am not. ‘Mri’, you misunderstand my point. What you suggest is intelligent, original, and has a chance of success even the most precocious of children would envy for such a scheme. However, I will not do it simply because it is righteous. Even if it is easy for me.
 
Mrsha’s brow wrinkled up. She sat there as Fetohep wrote on.
 
Fetohep of Khelt: This is a Gnoll issue. Gnolls must overcome their own trials. You are a Gnoll. You may petition me as a penpal, to act in some small way. But the whole of it? I leave that to you.
Mri: Me? By myself? 
Fetohep of Khelt: Yes.
Mri: But I’m a child.
Fetohep of Khelt: You will always be one until the day you decide not to act as one. It need not be you alone. Think. When you have a request I will agree to, I will heed your words.
 
Then he left her alone. Mrsha punched the [Message] scroll, hurting her paw, and rolled around, crying silently.
Fetohep was a jerk after all! The biggest jerk, who was stingy because he could do things and didn’t! She saw Satar look at her as Gire exhaled.
“That’s too bad, Mri.”
“What?”
Satar was done crying and looked exceptionally embarrassed to have done it in front of everyone. Yelroan, Adetr, and Rose saw Mrsha waving her [Message] scroll to show the others.
Look at my brilliant idea! It would work! But he didn’t want to do anything.
Satar blinked down at Mrsha’s plan. Her eyes widened.
“Mri? That’s brilliant! Of course there would be—oh. He won’t do it?”
Crestfallen, the [Storyteller] read Fetohep’s replies. However…as Mrsha threw a tantrum, she saw what the undead king meant. It made her fur rise slightly.
Gnolls must overcome their own trials.
That spoke to her. Mrsha didn’t understand, perhaps because she was so used to a certain Human solving people’s issues. Fetohep—King Fetohep of Khelt understood something about pride.
“It might not be the same, but I could at least…ask.”
Satar’s mumble caught Mrsha’s attention. The girl looked up as Gire picked up her little friend.
“Ask who? Fetohep of Khelt is the most influential person I know too. How do you know him again, Mri?”
The Gnoll shook her head mutely. It was a long story. Satar didn’t know any [Kings] herself, but…
“I don’t have to ask a foreign [King]. What if I…wrote to someone? Like a [Librarian]. Or—well, it doesn’t hurt to ask, does it? All it takes is a few silver at most, and you can send a [Message] to anyone in the world.”
The problem was most people wouldn’t answer it. It couldn’t hurt to ask, though. Mrsha’s ears perked up.
“Who could I ask, though? Um…um…is there a [Librarian] in the—uh—a nation in Terandria? What would that be?”
Desonis? I know Earl Altestiel too! 
“How do you—nevermind. What if you wrote a letter to him?”
Mrsha scratched at her head. That sounded like work! Gire gently pulled at one of Mrsha’s ears.
“It’s not that much work, milady du etiquette, is it? And you know how to be fancy.”
My paw hurts when I write too much. And it gets inky.
Mrsha sulked, still in a pet about Fetohep. Gire tossed her up and down.
