Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 32
“Exactly. What does this offer Desonis? She has a reputation, I will own, but her actual value? If you compare her abilities to one of Lord Altestiel’s Skills…”
The small group of grousers really should have watched their flanks. The Earl waited at the table behind Kiish. Like some bad play, she didn’t notice he was standing behind her until their silence and stares made her turn.
“Strategist Kiish. I must say I understand your complaints. I certainly expected them. But I’m disappointed in you. You, of all people.”
“Milord—”
The [Strategist] stood up. The Earl’s yellow eyes were clouded with disapproval. Her tongue halted in her mouth.
“Be silent. And I will explain since it is not clear. Did I hear you call Miss Erin Solstice…insufficient? Weak? Useless to Desonis?”
“My lord—I was only referring to the fact that you command armies. And she is…”
“An [Innkeeper].”
Altestiel finished the sentence. Kiish nodded, nervously. The Earl sighed.
“…What is her level?”
“Earl?”
“Her level, Kiish. Estimate it. She’s blocked from [Appraisal]. But what is her level? Estimate it.”
The woman’s lips moved. She had to guess…
“At least 30. And if I would guess? Over 40. Kiish. My loyal [Knights]. My company. Who here is over Level 40? That exalted barrier few in their lifetimes may breach. Show of hands.”
The Earl raised his. He looked around pointedly.
“If she were a [Lady], would anyone complain? What kind of Skills would she have if she were a [Princess]?”
Lyonette froze in front of him, with a tray of drinks. Altestiel’s smile was directed all at Kiish. He accepted a glass and took a sip.
“Her level speaks for itself.”
“But her Skills, sire?”
One of the [Knights] ventured dubiously. He gestured outside. The Earl could call storms, create bridges of water. Altestiel nodded.
“I’ll grant you that one, Merwood. And my answer is: her Skills are weaker than mine. Her class is not [Marshal], [Lord], [High Mage]—that does change things. But consider this—that Garden. She took the Skill that royalty have had. That is hers.”
The others looked at the [Garden of Sanctuary], which was being used to play tag with children. Silence. The Earl nodded.
“A weak class? Perhaps [Innkeeper] is. But—Kiish. Have you ever met a Level 70 [Farmer]? Level 60?”
“I’ve heard tell of ones over Level 50—but no, Earl.”
“Then how do we know if it is a weak class? It seems to me that Miss Erin Solstice has the right abilities for her nature. Or could you—or even I have unified the Black Tide to fight for me? Created a place where Goblins, Antinium, Drakes, and Humans walk about in peace?”
The [Knight Marshal of the Rains] smiled. And that was why. Kiish hung her head. Her dislike had blinded her. Whereas Altestiel had admired from the start.
“Her Skills.”
Altestiel murmured. He shook his head.
“I think—it’s because she can’t display them well.”
“Milord?”
“I’ve heard of her fire. Not seen it myself except with that delightful Minotaur Punch drink. But…a Level 40 Skill, wielded by an [Innkeeper]? She has few active Skills. And in that…she reminds me of the King of Destruction. I wonder what the true power behind Erin Solstice’s Skills looks like. I should like to see that.”
The company from Desonis was silent. One of them spoke at last.
“Then you are intending to pursue your courtship?”
“To the end, Merwood. Now, are you here to help me or get in my way?”
They looked at each other. Then stood. Kiish sighed.
 
—-
 
“You’ve all failed. You know that, you um…Antinium. Right?”
