Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 26
Viceria hurried forwards. Wailant cursed as the others pulled him back. Yvlon was frowning. Halrac glared. And even Moore’s expression turned into a frown as he looked at Seborn.
“It’s not his fault. Seborn, did you have to be so rude?”
“Me? They were a seafolk’s jests!”
Seborn looked incredulously at the half-Giant’s frown. But it was spreading. Maviola looked around wildly. No one was seeing this?
No, of course not. She slapped her forehead and rose.
“Ceria. I’m borrowing this—”
She grabbed a pitcher of the most potent drink at the table, the Firebreath Whiskey. The half-Elf, distracted, was staring at the fight. Maviola hurried across the room.
“I’m not mad.”
“Then why are you speaking like that? And making that face?”
Lyonette was glaring at Erin. It was on her, too. She scowled at Erin as the young woman raised her head.
“I’m just tired and I’m not in the mood to be friendly today, alright? Why doesn’t everyone just get out of my inn?”
Her voice quieted the room. The others looked up. And most just stared. But a few—sensed something.
“Wilovan, you feel that?”
Ratici narrowed his eyes at Erin. The Gnoll frowned. He sniffed the air cautiously.
“I suspect I do, but whatever it might be is too elusive for me to pick up. Definitely an aura, but…”
Erin was standing. Her eyes flashed with anger. Lyonette was sparking too.
“Don’t get rid of our customers!”
“Customers? You mean, your profits! It’s my inn!”
The two began to clash. The [Princess] narrowed her eyes as Mrsha ran forwards. She bumped into Erin, hugging the [Innkeeper]’s leg. And then she began to glare and try and pull the two adults apart.
It was turning ugly. Moore, Halrac, and Yvlon were snapping at Wailant and their teammates. So was Jelaqua, and now Maughin. Erin was glaring at Lyonette. She raised a hand to shove the [Princess] aside—
“Oops! Watch out!”
And Maviola tripped and threw the entire pitcher of alcohol over the arguing trio. Erin was doused. So was Lyonette, and Mrsha.
“Hey! What the heck was—”
Erin whirled. And then fire bloomed around her. Mrsha ran, screaming in fear, and Lyonette shouted. Fire! The liquid—the whiskey had ignited as it hit them!
But how? The two stared at each other. The fire was burning on them. But it wasn’t burning their skin, or Mrsha’s fur. Because the other fire was—
The other fire? Erin stared down at her body. Her arms, legs, even her clothes were covered by flames. They were barely visible as the mundane fire licked across her body. But now she saw it.
She was on fire. But the flames were—invisible? Erin stared at the burning fire on her arm before the alcohol burned away. Lyonette’s entire arm had been engulfed, and so had Mrsha’s paw.
Where they’d touched Erin. Slowly, the [Innkeeper] looked up. Her patrons stared. Then, they whirled.
Alcohol flew, and water. Mostly it just drenched people. But Jelaqua exclaimed.
“What the hell is this?”
She was aflame. Wailant was almost consumed by the magical fire. So were the adventurers who’d touched him.
“It’s—your fire. Erin? What did you do?”
Too shaken to be angry, Lyonette looked at the young woman. And Erin knew.
“Hatred.”
Maviola murmured. It burned in her vision. A black flame. Erin tried to explain.
“I—must have conjured it. But why is it invisible? It should be hot. Burning—”
That was what she thought. But—Erin looked around and realized.
Of course it was invisible. Hatred wasn’t even that hot—no one was being burned physically by it. But it was all-consuming. It spread, from person to person. An insidious flame.
