Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 18
“One day, Archmage Zelkyr never returned from his trips. Years passed. He was declared dead, yet his Golems hold their tasks faithfully. It may be Zelkyr is alive. The Necromancer would certainly be despite the passage of time—if he had not been slain for good, of course. If so, we do not know. All we do know is that Zelkyr’s orders have led to Wistram Academy losing its great magic of old.”
“Grand Magus Eldavin! Desist!”
A trace of her voice boomed through the door. Eldavin glanced to his left. Cognita struck the door once, more like a knock. The half-Elf—did not.
“—greed of one Drake—”
“Grand Magus!”
It was an echo now. The door—shook. Eldavin spoke.
“I conclude with this: the legends of old have their failings. One, a nightmare, was honorable in life. The second’s legacy, however great, has damaged magic by selfishness. Greed. In the end—”
Cognita’s fist struck the door. The explosion of magic, sound, and light, blew apart the recording. The [Mages] flattened themselves.
The projection went dead. Drassi and Sir Relz, sitting with buckets of popcorn, suddenly appeared. They looked at the screen, at each other—then swiveled around.
“What was that? Was that—Cognita? I swear I saw a fist before—”
“I think we just lost Grand Magus Eldavin. This was—I apologize to all my Drake viewers. This—this—this can’t be—I’ve read my history books. It’s biased. Seditious!”
“Scandalous?”
Drassi suggested.
“Libelous!”
Sir Relz pounded the desk. He looked around. Then began to hurriedly speak, as chaos was thrown into the broadcasting studio.
 
—-
 
In Wistram, Eldavin stared up, coughing in the dust, blinking after so long in the projected illusion. He looked up at a woman seemingly made of pale marble. Who had featured in his story so many times.
“Cognita Amerwing.”
“Eldavin. What have you done?”
He gestured at the scrying orb, which was reflecting the Drakes. The Truestone Golem’s eyes were flashing. Literally—changing. Yet the half-Elf faced her down. [Mages] stared in at the door, trying to hear, afraid to get closer.
“I have told a story. A historical account as I saw it.”
“Lies. You insult my master.”
“Of course I did. There was quite a bit to insult, you know. Out of deference to you, I did not repeat the more unsavory elements.”
Eldavin looked up at the huge Golem. She was…shaking. Her hands clenched.
“You dare. You—Archmage Zelkyr was the greatest [Mage] to live!”
“He was a great [Mage]. A poorer parent.”
“Do not speak of him so!”
She swung a fist. Viltach heard a boom of sound ripple through the hallways. Half the [Mages] ran for it—he retreated down the hallway.
Eldavin never moved. He stared at the fist striking the wall, up at Cognita, and shook his head.
“He was not perfect.”
“Silence!”
She screamed. And it was a scream, now. Eldavin shook his head.
“I will not be. It hurts, doesn’t it? But you are too old to be a child. Listen to me, Cognita. Your master was not perfect. If you cannot acknowledge that—you cannot acknowledge reality. Love him, of course. Hate me for insulting him; that is what offspring do. But do not deny the truth.”
She looked down at him, quivering with rage.
“Why did you do this? Why?”
Eldavin looked up at her. When he spoke, his voice was tired. Direct, firm, yet kind.
“All children must confront the failings of their parents. Or how else would we see how they rise?”
She turned away from him, too furious to speak. Eldavin spoke.
“Cognita—”
“You will regret this.”
That was all she could think to say. At this, the half-Elf did laugh.
