Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 12
“Food is food, Marian. It’s not like this is a parasite or something. Now, some creatures have little eggs that if you eat them—”
“Dead gods, Venaz! Shut up! I’m eating!”
Someone threw a shrimp at Venaz. He threw the shrimp back, and the table was distracted for a few minutes. Wil endured more good-natured prodding at his ancestry and refused to answer which Skills his parents had used in the bedroom. But at last, someone raised his voice for everyone’s attention.
It was Jekilt. The serious [Captain] was older than the other students, and so commanded more or less silence as he rose to his hooves. He nodded, raising a mug to Wil and Umina.
“I know Daquin was your victory, Umina. You won, and there is nothing else to say. Wil, you earned your question likewise. And you’ll ask your question tonight.”
Everyone nodded. The good cheer faded and they all looked speculatively at the two. Wil met Umina’s eyes and both felt that tingle in their stomachs. Guilt too; the envy was clear on everyone’s face and Umina still felt bad about undercutting Marian. But Jekilt wasn’t done. He drank, and then came out with it.
“I’ve talked to the members of my old company, and they’ve all put in gold. If you ask the Professor a question on our behalf, we can pay you one thousand, two hundred, and eighty nine gold pieces.”
Umina turned to stare at Jekilt. And then Kissilt burst out furiously.
“Hey, Jekilt, you can’t do that!”
“Why not? It’s a fair trade. There’s no rule against it.”
Jekilt challenged Kissilt aggressively. The Drake shook his head as he got to his feet.
“No, you can’t do that! Because I was going to ask if they’d take my question instead!”
Laughter. Kissilt shouted, waving his claws and exhaling a plume of icy breath.
“Hear me out! Hear me out! It’s about classes.”
All the [Strategists] paused. The Drake went on, spreading his claws, looking at Wil and Umina.
“Listen. One of you can ask the Professor for this. It could be you, Umina! All you need to ask for is a list of every possible class consolidation the Professor knows about, and what Skills you get and the advantages and disadvantages. Think about it! We all stand to benefit. We could work towards our ideal class, and—and that information is worth gold if we sold it!”
He gestured around at the entire table. Marian blinked.
“That’s actually intelligent, Kissilt. But—every class? You think the Professor would really answer that?”
“Just [Strategists], then. Or commanding classes. Don’t you all want to know what your possibilities are?”
“But that’s such a general question. How does it benefit Umina and Wil more than you, Kissilt?”
“Well, it benefits us all, so we’d owe the asker a huge favor—”
“I’m offering gold. And my question is private. If Umina and Wil want to take it—”
Jekilt was looking meaningfully at Umina. She bit her tongue, but Marian shielded her.
“Umina can ask whatever she wants. She won the right to a question, Jekilt, not you.”
“No one’s denying that, Marian. But Jekilt’s right. She could stand to gain. Listen, I was going to bring this up later, but a [Merchant] friend of mine has similar offer—”
“Don’t pressure her, Xelic!”
Marian glared at the Lizardman. Merrik slammed his mug on the table.
“Aw, come on. Let’s at least float our questions! Peki’s got one about martial arts techniques, so that’s probably out, but mine—”
All the students were looking at Wil and Umina now. Uneasily, Umina got up, raising her claws.
“Look, I don’t want to make promises. I have my own question—”
“Just hear us out!”
