Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 29
“He is old-blooded. Oldest blooded, perhaps, along with Wyrms.”
“He’s taller than he looks, isn’t he?”
Ryoka had suspected as much, but Fithea rewarded her with a nod.
“Even here, he is too large to be hidden well. So Rhisveri gave him a charm.”
“…How much taller?”
The Dryad pondered the question. She shrugged, once.
“He is second-tallest among our kind. Rhisveri is taller.”
So…shorter than a Wyrm that could literally rise hundreds of feet into the air. Ryoka gulped.
“He’s just a kid, isn’t he?”
Fithea paused in fiddling with a ball of rice. She gave the Wind Runner a sharp look. Because the young woman was correct.
“Yes. If you wish to speak with him, he is a guest. But ask your questions. May I…may I hold this stone? It speaks to me.”
“Of course. They are mine, but I might be willing to trade them. For the right price. And if we can talk…I think we can both help each other out.”
The Dryad was only half-listening. She closed her eyes as she held the stone. Then she looked at Ryoka, with real hope in her gaze. Maybe…Ryoka thought of the broken gate in Ailendamus’ depths. It was gone, but if you could put a bit of money through, maybe you could open it just once, just once for someone who didn’t belong here anymore?
Melidore promised the [Witches]…she looked at the Dryad and began to bargain in earnest. For at last, she did have something she wanted.
 
——
 
Something he wanted too. Rhisveri paced around, snapping at Sophridel. The Elemental of Masks kept secrets, by his nature. He was trustworthy, again by nature, or at least, his main form was.
“I don’t know what she summoned, but that coinage is invaluable. I must have it. She is taunting me, Sophridel, but she can’t know what I possess!”
“This one does not know what you possess, Rhisveri. Secrets kept. Alliances founded upon doubt. Disturbs.”
“I do not need to inform you of every treasure I possess! You are here for counsel, Sophridel.”
Rhisveri snapped at the immortal, who, like Fithea, held some sway even over him. The Elemental made no response. Rhisveri wasn’t sure if he had feelings that could be hurt.
“Explain value of currency. Money is artifice. Like a mask, the worth dependant. Paper. Metal. Negotiable.”
“Not this money. Dead gods, are you blind? Do I have to explain basic economics to you?”
“Yes.”
The Wyrm elaborated with a sigh.
“It’s universal currency. Do you have any idea how valuable that is? It is worth something in every world. And there are more than one! Money, gold even, is worth little in a world where gold might literally pave the streets, but that currency? It is inherently magical and you can feel it too. So the value is not just deferred, but present in the coinage itself. In fact—in everything but a highly-magical society, the value grows, especially if there is not any inherent magic at all! A universal coin that has value that cannot be taken away.”
His eyes shone. He practically salivated at the currency with its unique value. Sophridel gave Rhisveri a blank, blank stare.
“Money is still dependant upon culture and systems of economics. Debatable.”
“Go eat yourself!”
Rhisveri snarled. If there was ever a time he wished for a peer like a damned Dragon…at least they knew the value of concepts like this. He tried to figure out a way to get all of Ryoka’s money and the other objects she owned. Not for…that. Not for everything she owned, ten times over.
It was far too valuable, and no one could know what it was. Not Fithea, not Ryoka. Thankfully, all the people who did know were long dead.
 
——
 
