Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 5
“It would be a gift. Actually, I think they’re signed too. By Joseph.”
“Joseph the Football player?”
Hethon nearly choked on his drink. Ryoka smiled. She looked at Tyrion, who was blinking.
“You know the young man personally?”
“We’ve met.”
Ironically through Magnolia Reinhart. Ryoka looked at Tyrion.
“It’s a fun game. I can teach you two if you don’t know. Have you ever played, Lord Veltras?”
“I’m sure Lord Veltras is too busy for such…games, Miss Griffin.”
Jericha spoke stiffly. Tyrion blinked.
“I have not. However, if Hethon and Sammial insist, I would not take it amiss, Jericha.”
The aide nodded stiffly. Ryoka smiled. She turned as Hethon and Sammial begged to see the soccer ball and play.
“Just for a bit. I don’t think an hour will make much of a difference. I met Joseph in Liscor, by the way, Lord Tyrion. The ball was made by a Drake, I’m pretty sure. They’re very hospitable. Honorable too, some of them, like every species. You might like them.”
Another smile. She really couldn’t help it. Lord Tyrion turned into a statue as Ryoka produced the Drake-manufactured ball. Sammy grabbed it, and Hethon raced after him. After a second, he nodded and followed them.
“I look forwards to learning this sport. Perhaps it could be an additional source of income for [Leatherworkers] in House Veltras.”
Ryoka was surprised by this. She kept feeling like she was pushing her luck, especially with how touchy Lord Tyrion was known to be. Except he never called her on it. She followed him after a beat, reminding herself not to push too far…
The Courier tripped and went sprawling as she went through the doorway. Jericha withdrew the foot after a second and called out innocently.
“Are you quite alright, Miss Griffin?”
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion Veltras was not the only person who had gripes with Magnolia Reinhart and the Drakes, of course. However, someone was there to…change his mind.
Or at least, present the counterargument no one else would voice. It was…quite worrying, actually. To someone who didn’t like unknown variables, Ryoka Griffin was one such. They would have been far more worried, of course, if they could have heard the breakfast conversation.
However, that was neither here nor there. To all intents and purposes, everyone ‘knew’ that Lord Tyrion was just taking a break with his sons, no doubt seeing how close he had come to losing them after the poisoning and Circle of Thorns incident. He had attended that strange party, but that had clearly been a favor for the Wind Runner.
Nothing more would come of it. Variables were all accounted for, at least for now. Magnolia Reinhart now…she was a concern.
Yet again, the question was who would place her at the top of their priority list? Oh, every noble might grumble privately about the Drakes and Magnolia, but nothing major had come of it. She was one noble, for all she was head of the Reinhart family. There were bigger fish to explode.
Rhir’s ritual. The King of Destruction. The Death of Magic returning, that damned [Emperor] that had appeared like a mushroom, the war in Ailendamus threatening trade and…of course, the Circle of Thorns.
It seemed like a long time had passed since the Circle had been the unspoken threat, then the visible target. Yet it had only been a month and a half.
The Circle’s power had broken, though. Shattered. Now, the remaining members were fleeing or giving themselves up.
