Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 4
Palt looked highly offended and swished his tail as he trotted over to argue with Selys.
“I’ve done nothing wrong! I even freeze the fruits, and believe me, you need some finesse to freeze them right without making them too hard or too soft. The problem is that Imani needs more of a jello-like bubble, rather than just fruit. It goes mushy, so we have to prepare them specially, even with preservation or cooling spells…”
“Ah. So it requires more effort. What’s jello? I’ve heard Erin talking about it.”
Olesm stiffened up at his table. Selys noted it and hesitated, but Palt was engrossed in the culinary issue.
“Some kind of gelatin. Think pudding, but more…jiggly? Water in a semi-solid state.”
“…Like slimes?”
“Yep.”
“And people eat that?”
Selys shuddered. Palt shook his head.
“I’m assured it would be a huge hit. There are gelatins in other dishes…they’re just not what Imani wants, and she’s searching for a jello-expert. Anyways, enjoy your tea. Olesm, are you heading out today? I saw the army moving, and I thought…”
Olesm looked up and caught the position of the sun in the sky. He straightened, and the scalemail armor he was wearing flashed in the light.
It had Liscor’s symbol, the city over water, emblazoned onto a badge he’d attached to a clasp around his neck. The clasp was connected to a crimson cloak, dark, enchanted, and covering his sidearm; a wand on his left, and a strange artifact on his right.
A Kaalblade. One of the House of El’s inventions, and a gift from a dead woman.
Selys looked at Olesm as he nodded.
“I’m heading out with 4th Company in under an hour. I was just saying goodbye to Selys.”
“I see. Well…I wish you the best. Stay safe out there. Don’t do anything stupid. If it’s alright, I think Imani would like to say goodbye.”
“Oh—of course. I can…”
Olesm began to rise, but Palt bade him sit.
“Afterwards. Enjoy your meal. Anything else? No? Just don’t run off.”
He trotted backwards a few steps and nearly bumped into a Gnoll server. Olesm realized Palt hadn’t been at his farewell party, which Lism had determinedly called a ‘Prelude to Victory’ party, and that he hadn’t seen Imani, Kevin, or many of the other inn’s regulars either.
Well, some were gone, and Olesm hadn’t seen Kevin anywhere—he was probably at Esthelm. Even so, he felt that if someone were here, he would have seen all of the inn’s guests. Been there, rather than sitting with Selys at the outdoor cafe-section of Timbor’s inn.
But Erin was dead. And that was why he was going.
Erin Solstice and Maviola El. Selys frowned at Olesm.
“Are you ready? You’re leading the army. Listen, Olesm. I’m not one to put bugs in anyone’s earholes, and the only one I could do it with is my grandmother—and she’s not going to listen—or Elirr. But Zel was my uncle. He always said [Strategists] leading armies was a risk. Not impossible—but have you rushed it? You can always call it off.”
Olesm looked at her. He felt a flush of anger creep into his face at her suggestion.
“Call it off? We’ve been training for weeks. We’ve mustered supply lines, sent the army ahead—we’re at war, and you’re wondering if we should call it off if I don’t feel ready?”
Selys, the [Heiress], gave Olesm a flat look like he was an idiot Bronze-rank and she were still tending the front desk of the Adventurer’s Guild.
“Yes. If it matters, you can call it off. It’ll take time, money, and be embarrassing, but I’d rather you do that than lose a battle or be dead, Olesm. What’s my answer?”
