Interlude
Page 11
Being alive was little comfort to them. They waited, not sure of what the future held. But it could surely be little worse than the present. The Goblins sat together. And one of them had a hat.
Pebblesnatch curled up, tears running down her face. She clung to the muddy chef’s hat. She wept, and wept unceasingly. By her side, a female Hobgoblin stroked the top of her head.
Ulvama was injured. But she had survived capture and the battle. That was little consolation to her. The [Shaman] stared hatred at Laken. At him and every Human she saw.
Both Goblins looked up as they heard Laken Godart speaking. He was talking to the man named Yitton Byres and another man who smelled like dogs.
“North, Yitton, Gralton. I’ll beg your help until we reach my estates. North. And the Goblins come with us.”
The Goblins looked up as the Humans crowded around them. They were forced up, forced to march. Some resisted. Some wanted to fight and die rather than march again. But the [Emperor] forced them to move. He claimed them as his own and they were spared. But for what, they didn’t know. They could only cling to life. While the dead waited behind them.
 
—-
 
A hundred thousand corpses or more. Fields of the dead out of reach. A fallen apprentice. The death of Garen Redfang. And the end of Tyrion Veltras’ plans. The end of his plans as well.
Az’kerash, the Necromancer, walked past the waiting undead. Ghostly wraiths, huge walker zombies, undead knights. And his Chosen. They stood where he had ordered them, ready to be mass-teleported. It had been a day, but the undead didn’t grow bored. But his Chosen, Venitra, Bea, and Kerash, were restless.
And afraid. Their master was furious. He raged. He had screamed. They had never seen him thus. Now he paced back and forth, fuming.
“Disaster. What has passed here?”
No one answered. Az’kerash whirled. He stared past them, clutching at his hand. The same hand that had been severed on Reiss’ body when Garen struck. The Necromancer’s body was wholly intact and pale, but the pain was still there, a memory. He grimaced.
“Of consequence? Nothing. What a perfect waste of my time and energy. My apprentice died without returning anything of merit to me. Useless.”
The word made Venitra flinch. Bea stared past her creator as he strode past her. Speaking to himself.
“A few Drake armies and a Human one. Paltry destruction, and for what? Only Zel Shivertail’s death was of importance.”
He paused. And a look of satisfaction flickered across Az’kerash’s face.
“At least he is dead. In that sense, my investment paid enough dividends. But had Liscor fallen—”
The undead watched their master anxiously. Az’kerash’s anger blazed hot—then, suddenly, after half a day of fury—it suddenly went cold. All the wrath drained out of the [Necromancer] and he stood calm and dispassionate. The living lost significance for him.
“He is dead. And it matters little now, I suppose. A lesson in foolishness. A waste of effort. Little more. Kerash.”
The undead Gnoll stood straighter.
“Master? Do we go into combat?”
Az’kerash shook his head.
“You are not needed. This—distraction at Liscor has cost me enough time and energy. I have work to do. The next generation awaits. Kerash, return to your duties. I will begin work once more. Prepare my materials. And bring me mana potions and—scales. Drake scales, I think. And chitin. Antinium-harvested. Or spiders if there are not enough.”
“Yes, Master. It will be done.”
