Interlude
Page 23
The Blighted King sat, listening to his steward, advisor, and personal mage, Nereshal, speaking. The [Chronomancer]’s words were crisp, and he did not waste time. Nevertheless, Nereshal could not hide his unease.
“Several of the [Mages] are protesting the—the scope of the second ritual, Your Majesty.”
“Do they? Why?”
The Blighted King looked up. Nereshal licked his lips.
“They speak of cost for little gain. Such a ritual might cripple the next generation of the kingdom. And yet—”
“Rhir’s population can sustain ten times the cost if needed.”
The cold voice made Nereshal sweat.
“Yes, sire. But some—”
“They are uncomfortable. It is not a question of cost.”
The Blighted King looked at his advisor. Nereshal nodded silently. The man on the throne turned his head and shook it slightly.
“You saw the recording as we did, Nereshal. The Antinium. Our old enemies gain in strength. They evolve. Meanwhile, the Demons have planted spies in my kingdom. Spies and traitors. What use is a sword if it is not wielded, Nereshal?”
“None.”
“Well then. It must be done.”
“But if those summoned are weak—”
A hand halted the protest. The Blighted King stared ahead. He spoke slowly, reluctantly.
“We erred. The chosen ones are weak. Timid. Children instead of warriors, heroes of prophecy. But they grow with guidance. Too much protection, but it is necessary. We will treat them as the smallest of flower buds, to be raised with care this time. And their comrades will aid in that process. It will be the salvation Rhir seeks. So we have spoken.”
“It will be done. And those who are protesting…?”
“They will obey or be dealt with. Inform them of our will, Nereshal.”
“By your leave.”
The man retreated. The Blighted King sat alone on his throne. As he did, he spared a thought for the cost. But what cost could be greater than the one the Demons exacted on Rhir year by year? And what was promised was worth more than…anything. He had spoken to the children from another world. And they had given him such dreams that even his nightmares were soothed.
Weapons that rained death from the sky. Steel and fire. He dreamed of it. Weapons to end this war with the Demons once and for all. Weapons to purify Rhir.
Someone had left a window open in the throne room. A gust blew inwards and the man on the throne caught a whiff of it. The air smelled of rot and death. The smell of home. The Blighted King sighed and dreamed of the day when there would be only spring.
 
—-
 
It was a spring day when the [City Crier] shouted the news to a crowd gathered in one of the northern cities of Izril. Humans and a few non-Humans gathered to hear what had happened in the south. They had no scrying orbs, and didn’t pay for the latest news by [Message] spell. So they listened. The man who stood on the lip of the fountain shouted the news clearly for all to hear. After all, he earned his coin from delivering the news. A little hat sat at his feet. Mostly copper coins sat in it.
“News from Liscor! The Goblin Lord’s army has been defeated! Lord Tyrion Veltras has struck a great victory and now heads south to the Blood Fields to challenge the Drakes! The battle went thusly: first, Lord Veltras besieged the Goblins with weapons from afar! He hurled gigantic stones by means of a great and powerful new weapon—trebuchets! With their aid, the Goblins were broken. Then, as they fell to infighting, Lord Veltras himself led a charge…”
