Interlude
Page 19
The woman calmly stirred a few more sugar cubes into her tea. The aged Lady Zanthia grimaced and pointedly sipped her dark tea that had no sugar at all in it. Bethal didn’t give up, however. The [Lady] eyed Magnolia.
“You threatened Tyrion to his face. With the only thing that would make him back down. Would you have done it, if he attacked Liscor? Killed the boys?”
The other [Ladies] glanced up at Magnolia. The Lady Reinhart pursed her lips. Only Bethal could be that indelicate in company. Well, Bethal, and Zanthia.
“It was a threat.”
“And?”
The other [Lady] met Magnolia’s eyes. The woman in the pink dress paused. Her eyes flickered, and then met Bethal’s gaze impassively.
“I’m known for keeping my promises, Bethal.”
The [Ladies] waited for more, but that was it. Magnolia sipped her tea. At last Lady Wuvren sighed delicately.
“So you are. I however wonder if it was wise to repeat the threat to the other nobility. That will have even greater consequences.”
“It was necessary to force Tyrion to back up. That young man never backs up if he thinks he has a chance of victory. You have to slap him with the truth before he’ll see it.”
Lady Zanthia growled around her tea. Magnolia nodded.
“It was inevitable.”
“And necessary?”
Bethal caught the sugar cube Magnolia tossed at her. She added it to her tea cup.
“I know it was to prevent the conflict with the Drakes from starting, but was that preferable to this? It seems like we’ve only created a larger mess from all this business with the Goblin Lord, don’t you agree?”
The [Ladies] exchanged glances. Zanthia muttered something about the follies of youth, loud enough to be heard by all.
“No one wins a war, Bethal. And this was a war, make no mistake. We only stopped it from being a larger one. But no one wins in a situation like this.”
Magnolia sighed.
“On the contrary. It’s quite possible to win. It just so happens that we lost this one.”
“So the Drakes won? I hardly imagine they’d agree with that.”
One of the other [Ladies] raised her eyebrows. Magnolia shook her head.
“That wasn’t what I was referring to, Lady Asca. Humans? Drakes? No. I rather imagine Izril lost as a whole.”
The women looked to her. Magnolia sipped from her teacup, her face grave.
“The most famous Drake [General], Zel Shivertail, is dead. The world is poorer for his absence, not least because he was a better man than most men I have met. The Drakes have lost him, many of their soldiers battling the Goblin Lord, and are now wary of Human aggression once more. As for the north—we spent time and effort fielding an army that did very little. The Goblin Lord razed a number of settlements. And now we are at peace.”
“And in this peace you’ve won, we’ll spill as much blood in a civil war between the nobility. Was this really worth the cost, Magnolia?”
Zanthia glanced up. Magnolia Reinhart drummed her fingers on her arm rest.
“I will acknowledge the cost. However…I cannot but believe the decision was correct. Moreover, it has resulted in some unusual gains. Ressa? Please show Lady Zanthia the correspondence we just received.”
A [Maid] moved in the background of the conversation. Lady Zanthia found a letter being offered to her. She frowned, fished out a monocle, and read the letter. She grunted loudly.
“I see.”
“What is it?”
Lady Wuvren leaned over to see. Zanthia shoved the letter in her face. Magnolia explained to the other listeners.
