Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 14
“You noticed Wiskeria doesn’t blink at most things; well, many [Witches] could say the same. If you want to truly see how Belavierr changed her, look no further than how she talks to her mother. Or—had you any [Murderers], [Bandits], or other unsavory folk in Riverfarm, you would have noticed it already.”
“I tend not to enjoy that kind of person, Witch Eloise.”
“Oh, I know. They would have been—instructive. You know Wiskeria has sworn to kill her mother? They both know it.”
“Yes. Her conversation was entirely polite, though.”
Eloise nodded.
“That is Wiskeria. She can speak to a monster—a true monster, regardless of the face—and deal with them in a friendly way. Then kill them in the next hour. Both she and her mother know that one day, one of them might die. They can still be mother and daughter until then.”
Laken drew in his breath.
“So that’s it. And that…sounds entirely like Belavierr. Practical.”
“Able to differentiate. I can be your mortal enemy, Emperor Laken, but offer you tea. It is not a skill many Humans learn. Many species at all. Will that satisfy?”
It would, and Laken thanked Eloise. Of course, the [Witch] had sought him out today to propose more lessons in tea for anyone interested. Maybe a few tea sets?
“And while we discuss it—the new fields are doing well, and your ‘greenhouses’ would allow crops of all seasons. Perhaps I could petition you to grow some plants? Tea sells quite well.”
“Of course, Witch Eloise. Shall we visit Mister Ram?”
She smiled, and Laken pointed in the direction he sensed the [Head Farmer]. It wasn’t exactly payment for just Wiskeria’s background, but he reflected that the [Witches] certainly knew what they wanted. Eloise had an empire’s worth of customers, and it seemed, might have cheap access to all the tea leaves she could want.
It was at that point when the plague arrived. Laken slowed as he realized the [Farmers] had abandoned their stations.
“Hm. They might have found something. They’re all gathered in the field.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
The [Emperor] realized Gamel could see what he had observed; his [Emperor]-sight didn’t trump regular eyes all the time. The [Emperor] began to walk that way, and noticed more people coming.
Durene, Prost, even Hedag and Wiskeria and a few others, noticing the lack of work. Beniar’s [Riders] too, calmly assembling.
“Is there danger, Emperor?”
Eloise was standing on her tip-toes to see, being shorter than the others. Laken frowned.
“No. They’re all clustered around…hm, it must be nearly six dozen…did one of the pens break loose? They look like baby sheep.”
The company relaxed instantly. Unless they were carnivorous, or even if they were, that didn’t sound like monster-class threats, and the [Farmers] would have raised the alarm if they were.
However, it was Eloise who suddenly lost her smile. She looked ahead.
“Baby sheep? Lambs? You don’t mean those wretched—”
Laken glanced at her, interested, and then heard the cutest baah he had ever heard in his life. He arrived with the others just in time to find that the [Farmers] were petting, cuddling, and feeding scraps of vegetation to their unexpected guests.
“Your Majesty! It’s wonderful! I’ve never seen so many, and they just came up and started nibbling the corn over there! They’re beautiful and friendly as you want! They’re—”
“Sariant Lambs.”
Eloise hissed. Laken could not see, but he sensed the [Witch] recoil from the adorable, seventy-plus herd of lambs that had waddled over, mewling and baahing. Laken Godart raised his eyebrows.
Today was a weird day.
 
—-
 
