Interlude – Two Rats
Page 16
“No—let’s do more than that! I say, let’s chop him up piece by piece and make sure he remembers it! Or find a few zombies and let them gnaw on him! Or—I’ve got it! Let’s eat him!”
The crowd, which had been roaring their approval, fell silent. Lism stared at the Drake standing next to him. The Drake lowered his arms.
“Uh—okay, maybe that was going a bit too far.”
“What kind of lame-brained—get off the stage you idiot! Sorry about that, folks. Ahem. But spread the word! This is about justice! And I, Lism, guarantee—”
Mrsha could hear no more. She backed away from the crowd, shaking. She didn’t know which was worse. Erin, clearly pleading with Krshia, or the fact that Lism was saying what she wanted to hear. She wanted Calruz, the Minotaur, dead. Him and all the Raskghar. He’d killed them. He’d sacrificed them and the Raskghar had laughed and laughed and—
“Out of the way! Guards! Keep this crowd under control! If Shopkeeper Lism tries to incite a riot, arrest him! I want a doubled guard on the prison! I’m going to yank that idiot’s tail off—”
A voice snapped and Mrsha saw the crowd parting. Watch Captain Zevara strode past her, her scales pale with fury. A few [Guards] trailed after her, Drakes and Gnolls both. The rest stayed in the crowd. And even they looked like they’d taken Lism’s side. Mrsha heard one of them, a Gnoll, growling at her companion, a Drake.
“The Captain’s out of her mind.”
“Shut up. Don’t let her hear that.”
“But why are we keeping that thing alive in the cells? We have to empty his cage, feed him—I agree with Lism! And I never thought I’d say that.”
The Drake sighed. He looked no happier, although his Gnoll companion looked far more furious. Of course she did. It had been Gnolls the Raskghar attacked. He answered after a pause.
“You heard her. It’s about figuring out whether he was enchanted.”
“And if he was? You think he was ‘magically’ mind controlled and did all that? I wouldn’t believe that if you got an [Archmage] here to say it! No matter what, he deserves to—”
“You’re not arguing with me! Stop snapping! Just don’t let Watch Captain Zevara hear you say that! You know what she’s like about rules. She’s principled.”
“I heard she goes and talks with him. She thinks he’s innocent! Her and that half-Elf.”
“Stop. Snapping. At. Me!”
The Drake and Gnoll glared at each other. At last, the Gnoll [Guardswoman] subsided. The Drake nodded.
“I know it’s personal, Merka. But—hells, at least this way if Shopkeeper Lism wins, you get your justice. The Council could probably force Captain Z to execute the Minotaur.”
“Don’t call her ‘Captain Z’. What are you, Relc?”
The Gnoll growled, but she was mollified a bit. She cast around and nodded.
“And if he doesn’t win? If Krshia wins and that Human makes her keep the Minotaur alive?”
The Drake sighed.
“Well, I guess he stays alive. Does it look fun being cooped up in that cell? Come on, let’s patrol a few streets over so we don’t have to listen to this. I’ll buy you a snack so calm down, okay?”
The two [Guardswomen] walked out of the crowd. Mrsha, listening, saw the other [Guards] on the street talking as well. One of them she recognized. It was Tkrn. He was standing with a group of five Gnolls and a Drake. And all of them looked even angrier.
With Lism shouting in the background and the angry discussions in the crowd—all of which had the same content as the one between the two [Guardswomen]—it was hard for even Mrsha’s ears to pick out any one phrase. But the Gnolls and Drake were talking. And she heard…
“…exactly. If Honored Krshia wins…”
