Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 29
The others. Children from another world. The Naga nearly downed the entire Potion of Calm right then and there. And if Iert was here to complain—
“Why now?”
The Naga’s tail curled up in vexation. To anyone else, the revelation of worlds apart might have been so grand. So exciting. To Yazdil, who wanted nothing? It terrified.
A world with hungry nations, entirely Human, and an advanced civilization lacking magic, but far superior in metal and science? Yazdil hated it.
Moreover, he knew people. He was an Emir of Roshal and he had seen his fellows rise and fall. If Earth were to fully come into contact with this world? How quickly the collar would change hands. An entire world of Humans. No guesses who they would side with.
The Naga decided not to visit the others. They were in progress, and his people did not need him interfering. When it was time, he would learn from them. He had most of what he needed already, really.
There were more spaces in the Emir’s palace. He had dug down, down, creating secret places while keeping all that was fun and innocent above. It was not his passion to be ambitious. He had everything he wanted!
It was this meeting of worlds which had forced him to think ahead. He always did. Yazdil’s one goal was to keep things mostly as they were, and that wasn’t easy. And the trouble was that these children were everywhere. Wistram had some. And the Blighted King others…the King of Destruction…
It was going to ruin things. Upheaval, unrest…the Naga glumly thought about the future. He had never wanted to conquer things. It was so much work when you could have children—not that he had any—or create a happy place for yourself.
Let the King of Destruction rule and rage and the other nations clash. As far as the Emir was concerned, the stronger the better. If Earth did come—it would be war, or at least, a new world.
His only goal was to make sure Roshal, and he, survived it.
To that end, he had repurposed these rooms, expanded them. Past the rooms where he sometimes spent hours with Iert and his most trusted people, unlocking the electronic devices—or playing those little funny games—past the maps he’d made, ferreting out clues to where more children were.
He kept his ears open when he was Human. The Singer of Terandria—now there was someone he would love to have. What beautiful style! What talent! Ah, but that was a challenge.
There was the Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Also on his list.
The Last Light of Baleros—he was almost certain it was one of Kent’s [Doctors]. The Blighted King’s ‘Heroes’, Rémi Canada, Joseph…
It was easy to find them. They stood out. And the ones who shone, he wanted. He had some…rather ordinary ones. Yazdil desired the ones who had not only lived, but flourished.
“That poor girl. Ah, if only those foolish Drakes weren’t so bloodthirsty!”
The Naga complained. Just when he’d found her, she was killed! And she seemed so extraordinary. Antinium? He had always wanted one, but feared they were too…insectile. Now, he was itching to meet one and see if they could be turned into a masterpiece.
It was like that extraordinarily fun game on one of the little devices the Earth-children had brought. Iert thought it was a foolish game. Yazdil had felt like the game was meant for him. Collect and improve. Someone on Earth understood how he lived.
If he had to compare his class or explain it, it was like a [Gemcutter], or perhaps a [Chef]. You had raw ingredients and material. You made something better with it. Made people happy.
And yourself, of course.
