Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 43
There was something different in the way she spoke. Theophilus had raged at them. But Zimrah’s voice…it was sorrowful.
“Look at what you have done. We seek Heaven, and you killed the sky. You have lost everything. You were given all that we dream of, and this is what you do? You are damned. Damned for Hell.”
Sokkel calmly pointed a finger at her.
“[Highlight Target].”
Zimrah lit up, and Painted Antinium bearing shields moved in front of her. The [Priest] wasn’t done. Nor did she hide behind Pawn and Yellow Splatters, who moved to shield her. Both Antinium were looking at her. Zimrah’s voice grew louder.
“Do you think I fear death? I will never suffer in Heaven’s grace. You? YOU? YOU ARE BOUND FOR HELL. GO THERE.”
A trembling finger rose. She shrieked, and Lulv’s ears burned. Zimrah aimed a finger straight back, across Manus’ lines.
Straight at Sokkel. The Drake [Strategist] blinked as she screamed.
“[Marked For Hell].”
What? Lulv whirled around. Pawn and Yellow Splatters recoiled. But Sokkel just stumbled. He looked down. Something red, a mark, was inscribed on his chest. He brushed at it with one claw.
“Just a marker. I’m fine, [Spearmaster]. I’m—”
He stumbled again. Then clutched the arrow that B12 had punched through his armor. The Drake choked on his words. He clutched the arrow through his heart.
Then he began to scream. Lulv had been trained not to take his eyes off the enemy. But he couldn’t look away.
A void opened under Sokkel. Something reached up. It dragged him down, and he vanished, burning, his body twisting into wisps of agonized, terrified smoke.
“What was—”
A babble broke out around Manus’ lines. The [Mages] had no idea what they had just seen. But then that [Priest] pointed again.
“You.”
A Gnoll clawed at her chest as a mark burned onto her. Lulv shouted into his stone.
“Get that [Soldier] out of there! Protective spells! All of them! Now! Kill that Antinium! Priority target!”
“HELL WAITS FOR YOU ALL.”
Zimrah screamed as Pawn grabbed her arm. The [Hellspeaker Priest] was shaking as she tried to use her Skill again, and the marked [Soldier] was covered by a line of shields.
Manus’ lines redoubled their fighting. They were prepared to die. But that?
That Worker had to die. Lulv snarled.
“[Mages]! Unleash!”
The skies lit up. Pawn looked up as dozens of Tier 4 and Tier 5 spells came screaming down.
 
——
 
It was not about Pawn. He didn’t recognize them. These [Crusaders]…Zimrah. They were changed.
His Crusade battled Manus around him. Pawn watched Antinium die.
“I sent them to this fate.”
One of his hands touched his heart, for a second, then lifted the censer once more. He had sent them. And he would have sent them again. Because Hectval would not stop.
It hurt too much to see. He had been forbidden to walk the battlefield, and he had obeyed Xrn and the Free Queen because he was afraid.
Afraid that he would die and never see Erin again. Leave the Antinium without first building Heaven on earth.
Simply afraid of dying. Afraid he was needed—
And most of all, afraid of who he might become. Hatred and wonder warred in Pawn’s chest, and both of them were him.
He had seen the depths of madness and a glorious warrior before. To his right, Calruz stood, roaring as he fought, swinging his axe down at Manus’ [Soldiers] as Antinium sang. To his left, Zimrah was still screaming, the most hopeful of his [Acolytes] condemning the living to something else.
Why fire? What hands were those? They were not Antinium hands. They were clawed and—
