Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 24
It was…dark. Like a black mirror, reflecting the stars and moons when they were out. But at times, they were just empty. And then—the vast, empty isolation struck you. The terror as you looked into the ocean and realized—you couldn’t tell where the bottom was. You couldn’t even guess.
It was not a beautiful sight, except in the frightening aspect of it. Wil shivered. But—the allure of it called to him. He stared into vastness of the ocean. And wondered what would happen if he fell overboard. If Inky pushed him. What lay in the depths? How far would he swim, until he was exhausted? And float?
Forever. You could wander endlessly forever here. Without land in sight. Without any clue but for the stars where you were.
So entranced was Wil that he didn’t realize Inky was grinning at him until he looked up. And she nodded.
“It’s not beauty as landfolk understand it. It’s terror. The deeps. They call. They call to me and any [Sailor]. Look.”
She pointed down the railing. And Wil saw. More than one [Sailor] on duty was just staring. Consumed by the grand, terrible sight.
“And here I thought you liked the sea’s beauty.”
“What beauty? This is it. The sea’s as lovely as a blade. Without the danger—there’d be nothing.”
The Drowned Woman smiled. The [Storm Sailor] looked into the horizon with a kind of longing. Fear and expectation. And Wil followed her gaze.
How deep? How deep? What lay beneath? He remembered being a boy and wondering the same thoughts when he rode with his family on Kallinad ships. And he—understood. A bit of the fascination.
The sea. It stretched before him. But he could see nothing of what lay beneath the waves. Wil remembered. A vast, murky emptiness. Terrifying. And yet—there were other things too. He looked at Inky. And as he did, the water moved.
At first, it looked just like the waters. A shimmering, giant mass of something on the hull. Wil stared at it, perplexed. The dark waters had birthed a cloudy, half-opaque…gelatinous thing. It had latched onto the hull. And it was moving.
Slowly, up the side of the ship. Wil stared at it. He saw two protruding things appearing. And then—light.
Something like organs, lighting up inside the body. Two blob-like antennae. Glowing with interior light. Wil realized he was staring at a slug. It rolled up the side of the ship, surprisingly quickly.
Oh, and it had a mouth. And in the mouth were rows and rows of rotating—teeth? Wil saw the slug rear up as it went over the decks. It lunged at him, coiling and expanding. Half again as large as—
“Get back! Sea Slug!”
Inky yanked him back. Wil fell backwards and felt a huge, slimy, weight, like filled water skin but far more massive crush his legs. He felt the pain, felt it squirming. And then he felt reality come back.
“Sound the alarm! We’re under attack! Sound the alarm! Port-side! Sea Slugs!”
Inky howled. She drew a cutlass and slashed twice. Her blade sank into the slug’s body, scattering some of its fluids. But it was huge and the blows seemed to do nothing. She dragged back Wil with one hand. He felt something—her suction cups—tightening on his skin, adding to her grip.
Then—her right, octopus-leg, tensed. Inky pushed off the deck and jumped back with him. The slug undulated forwards. Wil scrambled back as shouting erupted from the front of the deck. Someone began to ring the bell. The slug opened its mouth and oozed forwards. Wil saw more glistening shapes appearing over the railing.
“Sea Slugs! Where’s the Captain!?”
“All hands! Get up you idiots! GET UP HERE AND FIGHT!”
