Interlude – Krshia
Page 9
“I don’t know, Watch Captain. It could have been someone hiding in this inn, or someone who crept around it at night—the spell was high-level because it got Relc and Embria’s soldiers. It could have been an infiltrator—”
“—or a traitor.”
“Or that. But there’s no way of knowing.”
Zevara ground her teeth together.
“Could it have been the Goblins? We found the dead Humans just outside that cave where they’re supposed to be lurking. And our patrol saw them watching us. If they caused this—”
“None of the Hobs knows magic, Zevara. And they didn’t steal the door. They stopped the thieves from getting away.”
“They could still have been collaborating—”
Olesm shook his head and his tone grew firmer.
“They let us have it. If they wanted to keep it, I think they could have hidden it quite easily. They’re not the criminals here, Watch Captain. I’ll stake my tail on it.”
The two Drakes stared at each other. Zevara slowly nodded. She turned to the door.
“They’re not going to be able to fix this, are they?”
“No. Pisces doesn’t think so and I’d agree with his assessment, rude though it may be.”
“Ancestors. What do we do now? Can Pallass get an army here past the Blood Fields in time?”
“They’ll try, and the other cities are sending soldiers too. But I think that they’ll get here too late. The siege will have started before any large force can arrive. If they have Skills, maybe—”
“Can we hold the walls with what we have?”
“Maybe. If the Antinium fight and they have as many Soldiers and Workers as we think they do—with Pallass’ reinforcements and Embria’s forces—maybe—maybe—”
Olesm looked nervous. He smelled of fear. Krshia’s heart began to beat faster. She looked at Olesm and Zevara as the Watch Captain turned away, grabbing at the spines on the back of her head until she realized people were watching her and lowered her claws. She raised her voice as Krshia turned back to her table, pretending to be waving for a drink.
“Fine! Wing Commander Embria, we don’t have a tactical advantage here anymore. This door…is now a liability. We’ll hire Hawk to get to Pallass if he can, but if he refuses—I want a guard on this door and no one goes through to Celum. Get that mana stone and destroy it. Or we’ll confiscate it.”
“What?”
The adventurers looked up. One of them, Krshia thought her name was Revi, stood up. The Gnoll saw the teams sitting together—the Horns of Hammerad, the Silver Swords, Griffon Hunt, and the Halfseekers, but she wasn’t as firm on the names as she’d like. The Stitch-Woman frowned and tugged at the strings sewn into her neck.
“Hold on, you can’t do that. We need to use that door.”
“Why?”
Zevara turned, impatient. Revi hesitated.
“Well…we want to use that door. To go to Celum.”
“For what? You can get whatever you need in Liscor. This is a crisis, Human—I mean, adventurers. There’s already been one sabotage attempt on Liscor from Celum. I don’t intend for there to be a second.”
“Yeah, but—”
Revi looked back at the other adventurers and hesitated. They exchanged a glance. Krshia saw Halrac gritting his teeth and glancing at Jelaqua and Ylawes, both of whom looked grim. Ceria was sitting back in her seat, staring up at the ceiling. At last, Jelaqua stood up. She gave the room a weak grin with her Drake body.
“Hey, I know this isn’t the best time and I don’t know how to say this…but we’re leaving.”
“What?”
Olesm nearly dropped the green mana stone he was holding. Zevara turned.
“You are joking.”
“We’re not.”
