Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 11
“If Salii can bring more [Mages] to Pomle, Orjin, I wish to ask her to bring a [Battlemage]. Few of Pomle’s [Martial Artists] can cast magic. Some weave spell with fist. But I wish to challenge true magic.”
Now that was thinking with secretaries. The others stirred at the idea. Orjin smiled.
“So do I. Would you all wish Salii to find you a [Mage] that you might challenge yourself against them?”
They nodded. The Strongest of Pomle took a date and chewed on it. He liked dates. Eating sparsely was good sometimes, but nutrition also mattered. He nodded to the others.
“Good. Then let her work.”
 
—-
 
The last conversation Salii had with Orjin was in her tent. And it was her tent. Orjin knocked on the flap and studied the interior.
Salii had brought a tent, and supplies to Pomle when she had come here. She had brought lots of paper, ink, enchanted quills…even wax. Certainly, water bottles, and rations. She still hadn’t been fully prepared, but it occurred to Orjin that she had been prepared.
“Why did you come here, Salii?”
The [Secretary] smiled as if she’d been waiting for the question. She put down the quill and sat back on the cushion as she replied.
“If you must know, Orjin, I come from Zeres. I wasn’t ever one of their commanders, but I served under the best. I organized everything, from shipping manifests to goods coming in or out…I was the best [Secretary] in Zeres. Perhaps, the best in Izril. It wasn’t enough.”
Now it made sense. The Strongest of Pomle was silent as he digested this. The best in all of Izril? It wasn’t a light statement.
“So you came here. That is why you were able to do all of this so easily.”
“Not easily. But yes.”
Her smile widened. Orjin nodded.
“Why?”
The Drake met his eyes. And when she grinned, it was with all of her teeth. Salii’s response made Orjin sit up.
“I want to be the best in the world. So I came here. I’m leveling. I want to become the highest-leveled [Secretary] in the history of this world. I came here because there is no worse place for me that I could imagine, besides organizing Creler eggs.”
Her raw ambition and drive…Orjin looked at the Drake with respect. He understood.
“You do belong here.”
Of course she did. The Drake inclined her head. The [Secretary] waited, but Orjin was done. He rose; that was all he had wanted to know. He walked towards her tent flap, opening it and letting cool night air in. Then Orjin had one thought.
“Salii. What is your level?”
“Higher than yours.”
The Drake winked at him. Orjin blinked at her, and then he grinned.
 
—-
 
Of the many things Salii had ordered, bought, or traded in for favors like the condensation stones for the oasis, one of the things she did not buy was a weights set.
Not one. Not a single barbell, bench pressing kit, or any of the other objects that was on offer. And of course, she’d heard about them.
She just didn’t have time to waste on some Pallassian invention. Oh yes, she kept up with Walled City news. Of course she knew about Grimalkin of Pallass. She just didn’t know if his muscle-building mantra squared with Pomle’s ‘let’s actually win a fight’ mindset.
And that was unkind and probably stemmed from some inter-city rivalry. But…it was not a unique problem. In fact, aside from Grimalkin’s gifts, only a few people had ordered weights from Pallass’ [Smiths]. Erin Solstice had her weight room, but that was a gift.
Did that depress Grimalkin, the [Sinew Magus] of Pallass? Of course not! He knew the value of his work! Was he upset?
