Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 0

Trigger Warning: This chapter contains numerous examples of sexual and physical assault, slavery, and various forms of torture as well as suicidal ideation.
 
Of all the things he had ever heard, the thought that Mrsha believed she truly was a Doombringer hit Pisces hardest.
It was far from the most painful thing to be spoken, even in that inn.
It struck him twice deeply. A perfect step-in, a strike past all his careful defenses and concealed truths. That little girl thought she was cursed. Responsible for all the tragedy that had befallen her and deserving of the terrible fate she’d been subjected to.
She was wrong. Maybe…he did not know her full story, so maybe she had made mistakes. Huge ones; perhaps she had erred so greatly someone died. Perhaps—it hadn’t been her fault and she could not have known. Yet she was innocent.
She had not chosen to do evil, so if she bore guilt, so did they all. She deserved no title, no markings like her white fur, and she should not carry that pain with her into the decades that would follow.
He wished he’d told her that, however uncharacteristic it might have been for him. He wished he’d done a lot of things. But Mrsha—most of all, Pisces wished he’d told her that.
For if he could believe that, perhaps there was some redemption for him.
It seemed that he was more deserving of the title of ‘Doombringer’ than anyone: three times in his life, he had brought death and destruction to the very same people he had called his friends, who had taken him in.
The first, as a boy on Terandria.
The second, as a young man in Wistram.
The third—the Village of the Dead and the obliteration within.
The fact that they had lived, used a miracle to escape, changed nothing. 
They could all be dead. Everyone but you. The thoughts dragged at him night by night, just like the past. He couldn’t escape it. So—as he woke and slept, and woke and slept again, the heavy collar of enchanted metal around his neck, the mundane bindings of a slave on his wrists, part of Pisces felt relieved.
So relieved. For at last, the [Necromancer] was receiving the just punishment he had evaded for so long.
 
—-
 
As he was led deeper into Chandrar’s continent, Pisces Jealnet walked. Then he rode. He alternated between both, talking a little and listening quite a lot.
There was little else to do on the move. And despite the stories or romantic images, talking incautiously while riding was a good way to bite your tongue off.
Even he couldn’t fix that. Bone? Yes. Flesh…ah, well, he’d never liked flesh as much as bone. Yvlon had once taken him to task about it.
“Silver and steel, Pisces. I don’t see what the difference is. You’re a [Necromancer]—a zombie is no harder than a skeleton, surely! It may stink worse, but if you’re in for one, you might as well be in for the other. That would be like me not learning how to swing an axe and only focusing on a sword. For someone like you, it’s a strange weakness!”
And what were you supposed to say to that? Pisces dimly recalled some sneering remark he’d made, but it was cover. A lot of what he said and did was—cover. Old habits. Deflect, lie, or hide how you felt. That was safer, even with friends.
He…wasn’t ashamed of the truth, but how could Pisces tell the sometimes surly, often high-and-mighty daughter of House Byres that he found bone and skeletons infinitely more attractive than a rotting Ghoul, or even the hulking musculature of a Draug?
