Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 0

He knew all the stories—or enough of them—and the history, from both worlds. Even so, the Goblins seemed so…different from any generic monster in a video game to Kevin that he never thought of them like that.
They didn’t look like dirty, horrific evil placeholders in the army for the heroes to kill by the thousand. Oh, yes, they had vaguely shark-like features, lots of pointed teeth, red eyes, and green skin.
But they never acted like monsters. In fact, Kevin vaguely suspected that some had better hygiene than he had ever practiced in his life, like Calescent. Normal Goblins were short, but not unintelligent. When one looked at you, it was with more insight than, say, a little kid.
Sometimes, they were so weary and old that a two-year old made Kevin feel like he’d seen and done nothing. Mainly, though, they could be, like people, good and bad. Glorious and mundane.
Numbtongue. Now, Numbtongue was objectively handsome. Some Goblins—more than Humans—were naturally bald, and that went across genders. Numbtongue had hair, the kind of physique only an exercise-freak like a Redfang got, and he looked good, especially since Lyonette gave him clothing and he wore it.
Objectively. Hot. Kevin wasn’t an expert in male beauty, but he had a private dream he’d never told the [Bard]. And that was someday, somehow, to find a way back home. To San Diego, California, and take the Hobgoblin bar hopping for a night and just…see what happened. What would happen if Humans with no context for Goblins just saw Numbtongue rock in, and begin strumming on his guitar?
It might have been chance, a habit from growing up and avoiding danger or battle training, or innate style, but the Hobgoblin liked to choose the shady corner of the room. You’d hear music, and see him there, eyes glowing crimson in the darkness, shoulders and claws illuminated by sparks of electricity as he played on the guitar. Style. Kevin wished he had a look like that.
It wasn’t a grand dream, or even a noble one. It was a quintessentially ‘Kevin’ dream, though. Life should be like that. Not full of fire and glory—not all the time. Rarely. Once or twice in a lifetime was enough for him.
Just full of mundane highs and lows. He couldn’t be an adventurer. He’d tried. Right up until he, Joseph, Rose, and all of the others, equipped with relatively good gear—enchanted even—had gone on their first adventure, financed by Magnolia Reinhart.
Corusdeer skins were worth money. So were the horns. Heck, you could eat Corusdeer. But somehow, Kevin had completely forgotten that you had to skin animals to get…skin.
They’d given up and botched the job. Then they fought Eater Goats…and that was enough. Enough. As Magnolia Reinhart had probably intended, it brought home everything to the Earthers. We can die. And stabbing a screaming, writhing, biting Eater Goat until it stopped moving, even when he tore half of its jaw off and it kept trying to bite the spear impaling it through the head?
Kevin wondered how Erin had stood it. The Goblins told him she had fought in battles and killed people. To hear them talk about her, she was a one-woman army who could throw a knife through your skull, or melt you with a jar of acid.
The Destroyer. An old nickname. Kevin had asked why, and they, the original Goblins of the Flooded Waters tribe, including the Chieftain of Goblinhome herself, had told him about the time Erin Solstice killed her first thing in this world. A Hobgoblin Chieftain, with a pot of boiling oil.
