Interlude – Embria
Page 32
It was the last time she would ever ask. Embria tried to blink tears out of her eyes, but there were none. Even so, Relc brushed a hand across her neck spines.
“Hey. It’s a good offer. If I ever lose my job, I’ll think about it, okay?”
And she laughed. Because that, more than any of his denials, was the truest refusal she’d ever heard. And on they walked. And in time, unbidden, Relc spoke. He looked at the inn on the hill as they walked out the gates, walking through mud and growing grass and plants.
“So I never got why Erin was upset. I thought Goblins were trash. Monsters. And I kept thinking that until I found myself hitting this little Goblin. Rags. Erin kicked me out of the inn. And then I realized ‘oh wow, she’s not kidding. She really likes Goblins.’ But I still didn’t get it until later. Really later, I mean.”
Embria waited. The inn was growing larger. The sun falling. And it was lit up. Relc swallowed, and then went on.
“The first time I came to the inn after the siege, Erin welcomed me in. She didn’t say a thing. And that Hob, Numbtongue, he didn’t attack me. Just gave me a look. I felt like I saw it in a mirror. I killed his dad, I guess. Goblins don’t have dads. But I heard that Redfang guy was his tribe’s Chieftain. Taught them all how to fight. But Numbtongue never went after me.”
“Why?”
Relc let go. He ran a claw down his neck and shook his head. Embria stopped to watch him. And the emotions flickering across his face were also realer than she had seen before.
“I asked him. Erin asked him, really. And he said it was because I didn’t kill him. Garen Redfang. His brother did. The Goblin Lord. Or Garen did. He chose where to die. I just held the spear. But you know what was familiar? Numbtongue, that guy. He didn’t forgive me. And I don’t think he will. And that’s fair. More than fair.”
That was all he said. Embria absorbed it quietly. She stood in the wet soil, inhaling the wet, musty scent in the air that was almost overpowering. And she had to ask. It wasn’t the same thing.
“So you’re okay with being here? With just being a Senior Guardsman and being a joke to some people?”
Relc hesitated. Then he smiled.
“They say that. But they made me Senior Guardsman. And Erin let me back into her inn. Klb’s my buddy. They say tons of stuff, but they’re my guys.”
Embria nodded. She swallowed a lump in her throat. Relc kept walking. He went on, staring at the sky.
“Everyone forgot about the Gecko of Liscor. Until recently, that was. No one remembers Sergeant Relc and that’s fine by me.”
A hand reached for his. Relc started, and then looked back. A little Drake looked up at him. And then an older one replaced her. Embria looked up at her father.
“I never forgot.”
For a while he looked at her. Startled. And then he smiled. They walked on, into the night and towards the inn sitting on the hill. And after a while, Relc spoke up. His thoughtful tone was gone, and a brasher, relaxed, note entered his tone. Bragging. And it was nostalgic.
“You know, I did use that trick where you keep jumping with the spear in battle. Didn’t I tell you about it?”
Embria rolled her eyes.
“Go on, Dad.”
Relc grinned.
“Well, when I was in the army, I was fighting an entire nest of Crelers. Babies. And the little bastards were swarming the ground, popping out of it. The [Mages] were going to hit the entire spot, so I…”
And he jumped ahead of her, demonstrating. Like a kid. But as Embria rolled her eyes, she realized this was the first time he’d talked about being in the army to her. And then she told him what her life had been like. And he listened.
 
—-
 
