Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 6
“But they need to get prepared now! They need makeup and—”
“Why not use ours?”
Temile interrupted. Emme looked at him. The [Producer] turned and pointed. The Players of Liscor were already ransacking their makeup and props.
“It might not be what you use in Invrisil, but—”
“Temile! My lovely Human!”
Emme dragged him down and planted a kiss on his forehead. Then she pointed.
“To makeup, everyone! And the rest of you—you’ll all be guests of the theatre! In the Solstice booth! Wait—will we have Erin herself? Because we might not have enough room!”
Lyonette and Temile stared.
“The Solstice…?”
Then they looked at Erin. She was high-fiving Briganda and laughing in delight as Ceria and the Horns of Hammerad shouted their own stories. Lyonette shook her head after a moment.
“I think Erin will be here, Emme.”
“Just as well. She’s a guest of honor and she deserves it when we have a moment ready for her. But the rest of you—let’s get this done! The show must go on!”
The part-Dwarf woman and Temile began giving orders as the [Actors] occupied the back of the [Grand Theatre] and began hurrying through the doorway. But they were only a part of the moment.
“Eggs? You got sick eating eggs and that was why you were late?”
Erin stared at Yvlon. The [Armsmistress] rolled her eyes as the rest of her team objected.
“Not just eggs. We beat Golems—Ksmvr got run out of town—”
“Twice.”
“The eggs were just the latest thing.”
Yvlon assured Erin with a long-suffering sigh. Erin grinned.
“You have to tell me everything. But—there’s going to be a lot of people coming in. Chaos. I’ll get you your food, though!”
“When is it not chaos here?”
Ceria wondered aloud, with a laugh. Pisces sniffed.
“You would be surprised how quiet it was before. This is marginally more pleasant. At least now there’s help. Ah, thank you.”
Drassi had brought over a steak. Pisces and Ceria licked their lips and then stared at each other. Ceria whipped out her wand.
“Play you for it.”
Both glanced at each other. Magical symbols began to flash in the air and then both conjured one. Erin saw a floating droplet of water, and a flying raven. Ceria groaned.
“Damn.”
She let Pisces take the steak-dish. The [Necromancer] smirked; it was magical rock-paper-scissors with far more combinations. He began slicing his steak into bite-sized pieces as Ksmvr raised one hand.
“May I have some of the pizza, Miss Erin? Extra crusty?”
No one had ever demanded that, but Erin assured Ksmvr she’d do her best. As she went into the kitchen, a white Gnoll raced up excitedly. Mrsha had hugged Griffon Hunt and now it was their turn!
“Mrsha!”
Yvlon bent. Mrsha sniffed at her arms and hugged her as the [Armsmistress] with excruciating care, gently squeezed Mrsha with a feather’s amount of pressure. The Gnoll wiggled, was put down on the table, and got a hug from Ceria as the half-Elf laughed.
“You’re getting bigger! And heavier!”
Mrsha turned expectantly to Pisces. She spread her arms out mock-reluctantly, pretending to glare. And the [Necromancer] glanced up.
“It’s you! Um…”
He snapped his fingers a few times. Mrsha gave Pisces a look and folded her arms. The [Necromancer]’s face was perfectly blank.
“Ksmvr, help me out here.”
The Antinium looked from Pisces to Mrsha and then his mandibles opened in comprehension.
“I have no idea who this strange Gnoll is, Comrade Pisces. In fact, we should eject her for this rude interruption to our meal—”
