Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 9
“You could probably farm that. It’s going to destroy the road, though.”
Vollk commented. Feesken saw the huge, alien head swing towards him. A different intelligence seemed to regard the Drake army.
“We…might want to back up.”
“Back—pull the ranks—”
The Earth Elemental stared at the Drake armies as they moved away from the procession of Gnolls. The Gaarh Marsh tribe marched on, fearlessly, as one of the same protectors of nature as the Treants of the sea moved onwards. They called it the Waning World, the era where magic and great deeds were fewer now, the Gnolls.
But some things remained.
 
—-
 
New and old. If the Gaarh Marsh tribe was an exemplar of the old ways—even more than the Plains Eye tribe was, known for their [Shamans], then there were tribes on the cutting edge of things. Who embraced the new.
Silverfang was one of them. The Demas Metal tribe was certainly another. But being a ‘new’ tribe didn’t mean you weren’t traditional.
You could have a newly-founded…traditional tribe. Like the Steelfur Tribe, who were selling to Oteslia. Or their representatives were.
“Two tons of fur. If you don’t want to match our prices, we’ll make the trip to Zeres. Or Manus. Manus always buys.”
Their [Silvertongue Negotiator] threatened one of the [Merchants] as Venaz stopped for a look. The Minotaur was restless. But they were waiting for Yerranola to purge the worst toxins from her system. She’d stopped needing to be sedated, which was something. But the [Healer] had warned she might need pain tonics all her…
To distract himself, the Minotaur had gone for a walk. And he’d come across something unusual in the market.
“Feshi. What is he talking about? Fur?”
There was no sample on display. Feshi, who’d been anxiously preparing to go to the Meeting of Tribes herself, looked up sharply.
“That’s—the Steelfur Tribe. They must be selling their fur.”
“Selling their—”
Venaz blinked. Then he saw the chainmail the Gnolls guarding their [Negotiator] were wearing wasn’t chainmail at all. It was a steel-cloth! The same grey metal they had on their fur.
“I’ll buy it. I’ll buy it! But can I at least get a discount for working in bulk? The fur’s too heavy for my bags of holding!”
The [Arms Merchant] yelped after a moment of thought. Feshi whispered to Venaz as he drew forwards.
“It’s their Chieftain. He started his tribe himself. Iraz Steelfur, the Chieftain of the Steelfur Tribe. One of the most powerful Chieftains on the continent. A very big traditionalist—we’ll see him at the Meeting of Tribes.”
“You there! No touching! Wait—are you Weatherfur?”
One of the Gnolls guarding the shipment—in a vast Chest of Holding among many other containers—recognized Feshi. She called out a greeting.
“Hello. Weatherfur greets Steelfur! We’re kindred far from home. The Meeting of Tribes awaits.”
“We will see you there. Are you Feshi Weatherfur?”
The Gnoll [Strategist] blushed. But the name made the other Steelfur guards welcome her forwards.
“And this is the Minotaur—Venaz! The one with stubbornness worse than our Chieftain!”
They laughed. Venaz grunted. He was willing to take that if he got to see their armor.
“Did I hear you right? Your Chieftain makes your fur like steel? That’s not like most Skills.”
“It’s a Skill for a Chieftain among Chieftains. And it gives us money to sell it, as well as armor. Care to see, Minotaur Venaz?”
He did indeed. The Minotaur eyed the handful of steel fur and before Feshi could stop him, grabbed it.
“Hm. Prickly.”
The others blinked as the fur failed to dig into his flesh. They laughed.
