Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 1
All of Paeth, this great city, one of the more prosperous Fraerling cities in the world, frankly, although that was almost exclusively Baleros, was contained in a single tree.
A giant tree, true. A breed of redwood, massively stout and wide, enough to house over seven hundred thousand Fraerlings. Well, with a bit of magic. Rich, diverse; Ekrn had been forced to take a galift for nearly twenty minutes just to reach this spot from the ground entrances! Every person in the upper floors, these bureaucrats, probably had a salary and vurel many times his own.
Thus, it gave the Sentry Leader no small satisfaction as he stormed into the Architects’ meeting room and interrupted them. Six Fraerlings looked up in mild shock; their security on both doors having let Ekrn through.
“Tallguard, demanding an audience with Paeth’s Architects! I sent five longcalls up—this is urgent!”
The Sentry Leader strode into the room and looked around. For a second all was silence. Then someone rose to their feet.
“Sky fall on me! What is the meaning of this?”
Citivican Loust was on his feet first. Of the six, he was responsible for managing Paeth’s, well, everything. The wellbeing of the citizens, the condition of roads, employing the many officials of the law, excepting Ekrn and the Tallguard, everything. Ekrn glared around.
“I told you. Didn’t you get the message? We have a Human lying outside the city and he’s bleeding and attracting every predator in a mile!”
Gasps arose from two of the six. Hadn’t they even been told? Ekrn looked around.
Six Architects. Architects of the Great Plan. Of course, it was a title, so not all directly worked towards that goal. Citivican Loust, for instance, just managed Paeth.
Alchimeer Straesta, on the other hand, probably did do a lot of contributing to the plan, but she managed the [Alchemists] and so on, and was more official than her old job.
Enchanter Ilekrome—well, his title was the same as always. Technically ‘Lead Enchanter’, but it was abbreviated like that.
The other three, were, in order, the Judiciary, of law and order, Farspeaker, who both watched and spoke for threats, Ekrn’s nominal superior…but not really, and last but not least, Guidance. The people’s choice, as opposed to the other five, who were elected by other councils.
The Guidance this year was all about making sure oversight was had on the most expensive projects, that had cost too much vurel. Making sure they had enough food—she looked sharply at Ekrn and he didn’t even know her name. She knew his, though.
“Sentry Leader Ekrn. It is not typical for a member of Paeth of your position to interrupt the Architects’ deliberations.”
She spoke, mildly reprovingly. Ekrn flushed slightly. He was a Sentry Leader, and while the job had any number of benefits and was well paid, it was certainly not high, socially speaking. Frankly, it wasn’t even in the social conventions of Paeth. He responded briskly.
“I may only be Sentry Leader, Guidance. However, the Tallguard is still the Tallguard. Skywatcher’s gone, and I have every right to demand your attention if need be. And I need it now.”
“Just—just how did a Human come to be here? We received the report, but it seemed like you repelled the attack? It never even reached the entrances; you might have left the Tallfolk alone.”
The Farspeaker spoke up tentatively. He was aware of the danger, more than the other six, but he had a different take than a Tallguard did. Ekrn glowered.
