Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 41
Silvenia steepled her hands and ‘sat’, floating around Czautha.
“Indeed. Indeed. So you did not investigate, but you deemed this spellbook had nothing of value to me. Why?”
She was piqued. Former [Archmage] or not, Czautha rolled her shoulders and eyes. Silvenia’s own damaged features glared at her from their healing/stasis spells. Now here was someone who could bring back someone on the verge of death by magic alone. Flora had helped cure her, and thus she had expedited the return of the others, able to divide her magic rather than barely keep herself from dying.
The Djinni replied in a level tone, dismissing the memories of decades of pain, fighting for life.
“You do not need more tomes, Silvenia. I left it with a child of death who could take up arms. Who needed a weapon where he stood.”
What remained of Silvenia’s lips pursed. She was displeased. She glared at Czautha.
“There was the adventurer as well. A [Necromancer] of some talent. You should have taken him too. Level 40 would be acceptable as a lieutenant. Especially one who can create undead hordes. He was known enough. If we convinced him to speak and overwrote Wistram’s broadcast…”
Czautha interrupted Silvenia.
“Death of Magic. Do not lecture me about possibilities and choices. I am still displeased with you.”
The air turned ominous. The magic of the two beings collided, auras unto themselves such that even their distaste for one another created a magical storm that might have killed lesser spellcasters where they stood. Eventually, Silvenia floated back.
“Very well. I shall remember this, Czautha. Now is not the time for strife, however. I had two pieces of news. You are needed.”
“I am resting. Unless the Demon King summons me, or…”
Czautha was in no mood to be tugged around by Silvenia, but the half-Elf’s next words made her move. The Death of Magic turned and looked more serious than before.
“Czautha’qshe. One of them is coming.”
The Djinni’s eyes opened wide. Without a word, she looked at the Death of Magic. Then she followed, swiftly.
 
——
 
The Demon Kingdom was not as the Blighted Kingdom painted it. A horrific land of nightmares? It had nightmares. It had scars from war, like the Blighted Kingdom.
Yet this was home to a people apart. It was protected by the Deathless, beings of unsurpassed strength. It was not unpleasant to live in.
This was not the time to admire the Demons’ lands, however. Silvenia flew from Czautha’s domain. She blinked out of the air and teleported. Czautha just flew, and called out.
The Death of Wings took to the air. Harpies screamed around her as the most grievously wounded of the surviving Deathless flew. Czautha called out in worry, but this moment warranted even that.
They assembled. Not just Silvenia. Not just Czautha, or the Death of Wings. The might of Demons came together, lesser though they might be.
Bazeth, one of the Demons’ young [Generals], strode into place with every high-level Demon. Flora of Texas followed. Her nerves were humming.
Not just because Silvenia was there. Because all three Deathless were there, and she had only seen them like this twice. When wounded, and when the Demon King summoned them to give his words.
Now, they gathered a third time. Why?
Because they might be needed. Because their guests warranted it. Yet who would be guests to Demons? Only a few factions treated with them. And who warranted this level of—what? Respect?
Wariness?
“They are coming. Your Majesty.”
