Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 18
Octavia gulped. But Erin had already run off. In awe, shaking with nerves, Octavia sat at the bar and tried to answer Saliss’ questions.
Of course she knew him now she’d remembered. He was a legend. Xif, now, Xif was famous. But Saliss was a Named Adventurer. He’d fought his way into the ranks of the best with only alchemy. She found herself stammering replies and realizing she was far too rattled to hold up a conversation.
It would have been better if she’d been in ignorance of who he was. Octavia kept biting her lip, hearing her incoherent replies. Saliss was clearly being patient, but he kept glancing about, and she realized she was boring him. Of course she was.
“Great to meet you, Miss Cotton. But I’m gonna go turn that little Gnoll invisible. Or something. Good luck with your potions!”
Saliss winked at Octavia. The Stitch-Girl gulped. She had to say it.
“Wait! Master Saliss—is there anything I can do? Anything to—to apprentice under you? I’d settle for cleaning your shop, doing errands! Without even instruction!”
It would be worth it just to see what his shop was like. Saliss paused. He had a familiar look to Xif’s on his face instantly. Octavia knew it was a long shot.
“I don’t take apprentices, sorry! The last ones died horribly! So horribly I can’t even tell you how they died! Besides, you’re clothed. I can’t work with that.”
He gestured at Octavia’s clothing, grinning. The Stitch-Girl looked down at herself.
“I’ll take my clothes off. Anything you want.”
Saliss blinked.
“What, now?”
“Absolutely.”
Octavia put her fingers under her shirt. She was incredibly serious. Relc’s head slowly swiveled around. Embria looked disgusted as she stomped on her father’s tail.
Some of the other people who’d heard were staring Octavia’s way. But she would absolutely do it. Saliss gave her a long look. Then he grinned and flapped an airy claw.
“Nah, I’m fine. Nakedness is a way of life, not a bargaining chip! And I’m naked enough for everyone!”
The Stitch-Girl sagged. But she’d known how that would go. A real master would get every male or female [Alchemist] to strip in a heartbeat to learn from them. Well, Octavia would have hesitated at sexual favors, like some of Nerrhavia’s masters demanded. That was one of the reasons why she’d left. But Saliss of Lights…
The Drake was looking at her in a kindly way, as if he could read her mind. Then he glanced around at the inn.
“So you came from Celum? Erin caught me up on being banned. What got you going with her?”
“Oh—well, I owe Erin a lot. She and her friends helped me with my own breakthroughs. I’m not a good [Alchemist]—I owe most of my big discoveries to her.”
Octavia was so deflated she managed a coherent reply. Saliss eyed her. And something lit up in his eyes.
“Really? What did you discover?”
Octavia looked up. She thought of her matches and baking soda. But Xif hadn’t been that impressed. Even so—Saliss was looking at her. To prolong that moment she dashed upstairs to her room where her things were stored.
“Ooh. What’s this? And that?”
Saliss exclaimed as he stared at the match and baking soda. When Octavia lit one he clapped his claws together.
“Ah, like a flint! And this?”
“Erin made the bread out of it, actually. It makes it rise.”
“Really?”
Saliss had to eat the bread himself. He ate it with some butter, happily, and then investigated the white baking soda. He took a pinch and smacked his lips as he tasted.
“Hm. Oh, I know what this is. Trona ore. You’ve cleansed it and done something with it—something wrong?”
