Interlude – Two Rats
Page 6
“She tried to leave the inn. Unsupervised. I don’t want to put her down or she’ll bolt for it.”
Both Drake and Human turned a severe eye towards Mrsha. The Gnoll cub immediately changed plans. She looked up as Drassi let her down and sat. She turned her back towards the invitingly open door and looked up innocently. Lyonette folded her arms.
“I see. Well, it seems like someone’s in need of some lessons. I had them planned for this evening, but I can take a break. Drassi, let Erin know I’m taking over.”
“I can’t. She’s in Liscor with Krshia! The debates are still happening, remember?”
“Of course. Well—Drassi, take over and give me a short break. I’m going to have a word with Mrsha here.”
So saying, Lyonette carried Mrsha upstairs. The Gnoll child wriggled until she was in Lyonette’s room. Then the [Princess] put her down and put her hands on her hips. Mrsha sighed as she looked up.
“I know you want to go out, Mrsha. But you promised to stay here. Don’t you recall?”
Mrsha avoided Lyonette’s gaze. Well, yes, she did recall that promise in a vague sense. But she’d made that ages ago! And today was so nice…she would’ve just gone a little bit away. A mile at most. Maybe two.
The [Princess] sighed, seeing Mrsha turn her head somewhat sulkily.
“Mrsha, the inn’s been busy. I’m sorry about that, but we’ve been making lots of money. And we’ll put it to good use! You’ve seen my designs for the new inn, right? And the Antinium at work?”
The Gnoll nodded reluctantly. Lyonette nodded.
“Well then, it won’t be forever. I’m sure it’ll die down soon; we’re already getting less crowds over on Pallass’ side. Can you be a good girl and wait? Inside? Without causing as much trouble as Erin?”
Mrsha considered it. She could. But…she was bored! She signaled that to Lyonette. The [Princess] frowned.
“I…am…oh Mrsha, I know you’re bored. And I promise, we’ll have some fun tonight! We can even skip the lessons today. Alright? Why don’t you sit with…Moore? Or watch a play?”
But she’d seen all of them. Mrsha grumpily folded her arms and looked at her paws. She felt like she was back at the Stone Spears tribe. Only, there, there’d been other Gnolls. And Urksh always had something useful for her to do. Here, Mrsha wasn’t allowed to roam. Or even go to the city! She pointed that out—by pointing out Lyonette’s window. The [Princess] nodded.
“I know, you can’t go to the city either. Because of the crowds and Krshia being busy. But in a few days, this election nonsense will be over! And then—”
She frowned as Mrsha swiveled the entire way around to stare at the wall. A few days? That was forever. Lyonette sighed, raked at her sweaty hair with her hands, and groaned as she heard something crash downstairs.
“Mrsha, I’m so sorry. But you can sit with anyone inside—or if you promise, you can go outside and only watch Ceria being boiled.”
Mrsha sniffed disparagingly. Listening to Ceria scream insults as her team boiled her in her tub was only interesting for the first twenty minutes. Lyonette didn’t understand. Mrsha had to run about! She didn’t get it because she was old. Because she had red hair. Because she was a [Princess]. Because she was Human?
But of course, Mrsha couldn’t convey any of that yet. All she could do was look fed up and fold her arms. Which she did. Lyonette sighed.
“Okay, okay. How about this? You stay inside and if you don’t cause any trouble, we’ll go into Liscor tomorrow and buy you a new toy. How about it? And tomorrow I’ll ask Erin to manage the inn and we can go for a walk in Celum. Or even outside the city!”
