Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 25
“Oh! That is something! No wonder you made her your apprentice!”
“Well, that and other reasons. It’s this entire thing…there’s this cool place I’ll introduce you to if you come to Pallass, and it annoyed Xif and…let’s change the subject. I don’t want to talk about it because the Old Man’s involved like he always is.”
The Oldblood of Feathers eyed Saliss, but she didn’t pursue that line of conversation. Some things you didn’t talk about. For instance—Saliss didn’t ask about why she was obsessed with her appearance. Nor had she volunteered that one of the reasons she could leave Oteslia for this mission—and that the First Gardener was willing to send her—was that Cire was happily occupied with the celebrities from Baleros.
“Lots of new experiments? Anything noteworthy and not confidential?”
Saliss brightened up after a second.
“I can talk about one of them, actually. You know the Potion of Haste you and your giant bird-horse drink like water?”
He waved the Potion of Haste at Mivifa—which only Saliss could supply in the quantities to keep Feathi flying nonstop to the Hivelands from Pallass. Mivifa nodded as Feathi glared at Saliss.
“Yes. What about them? Have you reduced the cost? Because if you have—please don’t sell them to adventurers. You’ll make every jumped-up Silver-rank try to compete with our bounties.”
Saliss looked hurt.
“I would never! I have my profit margins to think of. Besides, the army would buy my entire supply and then the Old Man would try to conquer everything. No, no, this is only for Named Ranks. You’re going to be the only ones who’ll afford it, I mean.”
“Explain?”
The [Alchemist] waggled the glowing vial at Mivifa excitedly.
“You know, this isn’t a real Potion of Haste. Or rather…I’m working on a Potion of Greater Haste. Maybe…a Potion of Extremespeed? A Potion of Time Acceleration? It’s really unclear, but it’s just Named-grade stuff. Beautiful.”
“Sign me up for one of them! Can I put a down payment on it?”
The Drake grew excited at the thought. That was your emergency-tool right there. The thing you pulled out when you were about to die—or you needed to kill something now. She began fumbling for her belt pouch, but Saliss waved a claw.
“I’m still reverse-analyzing it. Slow progress.”
“Oh. But when you do get it made…”
He smiled wanly.
“It’ll be a while, Mivi. I’m really busy. Making Potions of Youth. And other stuff.”
Oh. His big projects. Mivifa became somber. She had once thought that if Saliss hadn’t invested most of his budget and time into his greatest work—he’d have been an unparalleled [Alchemist]. Instead, he’d used his talents to create a relic-class potion. For the same Drake who’d sent him here and who caused Saliss so much anguish.
“If you want to talk about it—”
“Nope! I’m not listening! I don’t need motivation! I’m here of my own free will and nothing is wrong!”
Saliss put his claws over his earholes. Mivifa heard him humming loudly for a moment. She said nothing. After a moment, Saliss lowered his claws.
“You sure?”
He shook his head tiredly.
“Sure. I don’t ask, you don’t tell. Everyone’s got problems. It comes with being a Named-rank. We’re just broken people, Mivi.”
She looked at him. Mivifa hesitated and could have left it at that. She opened her wings and flapped them once, then had to say it.
“You might be. And some of the Named Adventurers are. But I’m not.”
The [Alchemist] looked at the [Flier]. And he grinned once.
“Well, that’s fine too. We can wait for you to join us.”
 
—-
 
