Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 26
“I will inform his people and replace them as need be. Or send Cuaqua to do it.”
“Send her, or do it tomorrow. You will relax, today.”
“As you will.”
The Emir sighed. The Gnoll diligently applied the scale-cream without even rising to any of the bait. He was too serious—but that was how Yazdil had made him and he would have it no other way.
The Naga uncurled. Now was not the time. Later, perhaps, he would see what Mak’erieen was like. He was always curious about Djinni—although he would never offer her the test he sometimes teased Iert with.
“I am going down, Iert. You will indulge yourself today.”
“Will you leave the palace?”
The Gnoll calmly met Yazdil’s eyes. The Naga pouted.
“No. Not without informing you.”
“Then I will indulge myself.”
The Gnoll finished; the Naga shook himself, luxuriating in the fresh feeling all over his body. Calmly, his servant bowed.
“Dinner, then.”
And left. And finally, Emir Yazdil was alone, triumphant, not the figure of stories in Roshal’s markets, but just the Emir.
What was the difference? Well, the first was that when Yazdil was alone, he hummed. His head bobbed to the rhythm of the cheery song as he slithered out of his rooms. His body glided down polished stone rather than carpet; all the easier for him to move around like this.
The second was that he had [Slaves]. He was a [Slave Lord]. An [Emir], rather. Not nearly as many as his fellow rulers of Roshal, but each one hand-picked.
Each one unique. There was a [Master Archer] Garuda, cleaning the floor. Here was a [Slave] who had beaten everyone, including the Emir, in games of chess.
Extraordinary, and loyal. Each one would have untied the Emir and called for the alarm if they’d found him naked and gagged. He had not lied to Darsul.
‘Only a poor master thinks that owning someone is the same as possessing them.’ The stories had gotten that wrong, too. The fool Darsul had never understood that.
Down through his palace, past the smaller staff, who took their leisure even as they worked. If one had seemed distraught, unhappy, or discontented beyond maybe mere annoyance with stubbing their toes or so on, the Emir would have stopped and asked why? His servants would never go to another master for want of more.
Yet they were all [Slaves]. The Emir hummed as he went down another ramp; stairs were a terrible thing for Nagas, Centaurs, and other species who did not suffer the tyranny of them well. He was smiling, relaxed.
These were the differences between Fetohep and Yazdil. Well, some of the differences. Where Fetohep sat, Yazdil seldom held still. Whilst Fetohep preoccupied himself with his nation, Yazdil did not. Darsul had been a rare, annoying occasion where he had to work against a young man determined to make the Naga his foe.
And whereupon Fetohep had probably forgotten all the pleasures of mortal flesh, Yazdil luxuriated in it. Between two species even. He drank wine, he socialized, he made liaisons with lovely people of every kind. He loved it all.
And lastly, Fetohep was bored. Yazdil was not. If there was any trouble in the Naga’s mind in this hour of victory, it was what lay below.
Reflexively, Yazdil used his arms to reach for something he carried at all times. A simple Potion of Calming. It would not do to have another attack, such that he was rendered trembling until Iert dragged him into bed with him.
No indeed.
 
—-
 
