Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 18
The world was sucky. Erin Solstice sat, remembering Magnolia Reinhart smiling as she hurt Erin’s friends. She wouldn’t forget this. She slammed a chess piece down, angry. Not even chess was calming her down.
Below, in the inn, the real party had begun. Relc leapt into the inn.
“I’m here at last! Get me a pizza, a drink, and let’s get this party st—”
He looked around. No one was paying any attention. Relc’s shoulder slumped.
“Aw. Where’re my people? The Players of Liscor?”
He looked at the empty [Grand Theatre], forlorn, as Selys walked past him and towards the table. She was…apprehensive. And then—
“Selys?”
Pisces saw her first. He stood up. Selys waved a claw at him, smiling.
“Hey.”
The two met as the others stood up, calling out greetings to Relc and Selys. The [Necromancer] blinked at Selys.
“Well, I suppose we are meeting all the old friends. Hello.”
He smiled. Selys did too, but with reservation.
“Hi. I didn’t know when you would arrive at Invrisil. You kept us waiting.”
The [Necromancer] smiled ruefully.
“Circumstances…arranged that. But we are back in Liscor, for a time. And, while our future is in the air, I was considering bringing up your—request to me with my team. Why don’t you sit, and we can catch up? This amusing incident occurred with eggs, aside from Lady Magnolia’s eventful arrival, of course.”
Selys smiled. But she was looking about.
“I’d love to, Pisces. But—”
“Selys! And all the adventurers!”
Hawk bounded through the crowd, beaming. He was back in Liscor already, having beaten even the door. And—he was dressed to impress. Pisces blinked as Hawk came over, in a suit contoured for his body. It wasn’t really fitting with the inn—but the Rabbit Beastkin was smiling at Selys.
“Selys, I’ve gotten the private room. Unless you’d like to eat out here? Hi…Halrac, right?”
The Gold-rank adventurers nodded to Hawk. But the Courier wasn’t exactly a regular at the inn. Relc chortled as he edged over to the table.
“Mind if I sit? Hey, do I know you?”
“Yeah. And I’d know you anywhere. Relc, right?”
Grev eyed Relc. But that was background noise. Selys was looking at Pisces. He blinked a few times, and then, instantly, smiled.
“Ah, you’re engaged. Well then, I’ll discuss the matter later.”
“Yeah. Later.”
Selys smiled. The two of them nodded at each other, and Hawk escorted Selys away. Pisces sat back down, reached for a drink, and saw Ceria and Yvlon looking at him. Ceria looked oblivious, laughing at Relc as he blinked at Briganda, who was sizing him up. Yvlon…just tipped her cup up and gave Pisces a nod. He sighed.
“…Do they have anything stronger in this inn?”
Strange meetings. The same question was being asked by Kevin, who had some of Joseph’s sword-money coin and was inquiring about drinks at the bar.
“So…what’s a Drake do for fun, anyways?”
Drassi gave Kevin a blank look as she served drinks.
“The same thing Humans do, I suppose. Are you flirting? Because I’m on duty and I’m probably going to be too tired afterwards. Late night shift on nights like these.”
“Oh. Well—what’ve you got on tap? Strong stuff. Good money for the drink. I’m on a budget.”
Kevin slapped the coins down. Drassi looked at him.
“Hm…Firebreath Whiskey is cheapest. Let me get you…a quarter of a bottle? How many shots?”
“Seven.”
Kevin sighed and leaned against the bar. Strike out. And don’t go back up to bat or you’ll just look stupid. More so than already. The young man sighed, looked around the inn—
