Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 12
Maviola El was fastest of all. She vaulted into the chariot. Lady Gresaria was breathing faintly.
“Your heart—”
Maviola bent down. She was fumbling for something. A glowing vial. But a wrinkled hand shot up and grabbed her arm in a grip that was still steel after a century.
“Just—lost—my breath. Don’t you dare.”
Lady Gresaria looked up at Maviola El. The two women stared at each other. One, Maviola El, young, in her prime of life. The other, Gresaria Wellfar.
Their shared look went back a hundred years, ten thousand meetings. Maviola El felt the grip relax. Gresaria smiled.
“You’re looking well, Maviola.”
“And you look terrible, Gresaria.”
The two looked at each other. Then Gresaria began laughing. She waved away the anxious bodyguards, swearing like a [Sailor] as she dragged herself upright.
“Enough of this. I’m tired. Get me a chair. In that…inn. And a drink! Maviola, run off and I’ll ride you down and put this spear through your back.”
She waved the spear weakly. Maviola smiled. She turned to the audience. Erin scratched her head. She looked around at Zevara, who’d come running with a squad.
“…What is going on?”
The Watch Captain gave Erin a long look. The madness was spreading.
 
—-
 
A while later, with explanations, or at least, a few, Maviola El sat with Lady Gresaria. The [Harbormistress] watched as one of her retainers paid a very steep fine. She didn’t even blink.
She did grin as she downed half the stiff drink. People were watching the old woman with awed looks. After all, here was the [Harbormistress] of First Landing.
It was a prestigious role and you had to have influence to get such a position. Of course, it paid well in money and influence.
She was here. Lady Gresaria, who was known for riding that war chariot around rather than a horse. Who had once sworn to die in her role rather than retire. She’d fought battles defending First Landing and the northern coast from sea raids.
And she’d come here, pursuing the same person as Lady Desinee.
Maviola El.
“Is that her? Dead gods. I’ve seen her a handful of times. Tough as the tar, that woman. Horrible. Always found smuggled goods.”
Wailant Strongheart had come from his farm the instant he’d heard. He’d joined a group of people staring at her. Uncaring, Gresaria downed a second drink and belched. She wiped her mouth and looked up.
“Gresaria.”
Maviola El stood there. She’d explained—to Erin, Zevara, and the others as much as she could. Really…Olesm had covered for her. He knew, now. And that was a conversation for later.
But Gresaria wouldn’t wait. The old woman was still panting. She looked—worn—from the short encounter. Maviola recalled a time when Gresaria had ridden eight days and nights in the saddle just to show up at a ball and burn Maviola’s dress.
Good times. Old times. A world apart from the Izril of now. Maviola slowly sat down.
“Gresaria, why did you come here? To finish things?”
The old woman laughed. She hadn’t really been aiming for Maviola or she would have taken Maviola’s head off with that first pass, age or not. In the same way—Maviola wouldn’t have killed her, even with a [Fireball] to the chest.
“Maviola El. You look beautiful. Like a vision of our past.”
The [Harbormistress] coughed. She took a little healing potion and sipped at it with trembling fingers.
“Damned age. You know, it took me ages to travel here? Had to ride in a carriage like some invalid. My guards wouldn’t even let me use the chariot. Then again—it’s harder to ride through rain and mud. Not that you’d know about that anymore.”
