Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 11
“Can’t. We’re going to Izril. I need to attend the Meeting of Tribes.”
“Oh, yeah. Damn, I forgot.”
Merrik sighed. He went on though, undeterred.
“Terandria’s a great place, though. Safe. Safer than Baleros. Still has its fair share of monsters—well, you can’t eradicate them. But it’s got some good places. Like my home. You should all visit. It’s a wonderful mountain city.”
The others nodded. Merrik looked around and his voice rose slightly, with the confidence of all those far from home had that their home was special.
“It is! Come and visit!”
Venaz stirred. He looked up over his umpteenth cup of the strong swill the [Sailors] favored. It was being provided to the guests free of charge. Well—Wil’s family had paid a small fortune to hire the vessel and crew for his adventure. Venaz had been calculating just how much money would be lost. For…fun.
“You mean, the mountain of the Dwarves? Dwarfhome Mountains?”
Merrik snorted.
“That’s just the colloquial name. Dwarfhome. Technically, we’re the Mountain Kingdom of the Dwarves, Deríthal-vel. But most people can’t pronounce that.”
“Derithal-vel. There. And why are we visiting? For the lovely sights of a…mountain?”
“You pronounced it wrong.”
Merrik smiled smugly at Venaz’s glare. He shook his head.
“It’s the place to buy weaponry! I thought you’d appreciate that. Even you, Feshi. There are some decent [Bowyers] there, but you could buy a bow made of metal!”
“Pass. And I’m not interested in a bunch of Dwarves. Too short for me.”
The Gnoll sighed. Merrik ignored that crack. But Venaz seemed to take that as another point against visiting.
“I’ve always been curious. But what do Dwarven women…? We don’t get many Dwarves in the House of Minos. So do they have…”
He made a gesture for a beard. Peki began laughing. Merrik glared.
“Hey! It’s not all Dwarven women. Most look Human and not all of ‘em have beards. That’s stereotyping, right there. Actually…most don’t have beards. That’s a weird fetish. Don’t understand it myself.”
“Really? How many other species are there?”
The other students listened as they watched one of the divers return. Inky. She was already shaking her head at Captain Lasc, but he was clearly ordering her back down. Merrik had to think about it.
“Humans are a good population in Dwarfhome. And apprentices from every species come to learn our craft. ‘sides, us Dwarves have a lot of Human blood in us. We’re taller than our forefathers were…mostly because of all the interspecies marriages. Tens of thousands of years of it. But Dwarf blood is stubborn. Still.”
He shrugged. Venaz nodded.
“How defensible is Derithal-vel?”
“Still saying it wrong. Very defensible. We’re Dwarves. We have Dwarven steel—the best [Smiths]…but we don’t fight in many wars.”
“Not even the one with Ailendamus and the other nations? Isn’t Wil’s homeland potentially part of that? Aren’t you worried?”
Feshi was searching for some salted fish. She gnawed on it and shared it around; the others ate mainly to have something to do. But it did help make them thirsty for the drink, which made them willing to eat the fish…Merrik grunted. He looked a bit sad.
“Ah, well. We go to war now and then. But we’re attacked seldom. Truth is…Dwarfhome is mostly a giant smithy. We provide arms, sometimes take sides. But Terandria relies on our steel. And there aren’t enough of us to kick around in an army anymore. Well, not that we want to lose. Good numbers, but not compared to all the Humans in the rest of the continent.”
“Declining populations?”
“You try outbreeding Humans.”
