Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 21
“All the more reason to burn it.”
The Human retorted. He had a flaxen hair color and walked and moved with a kind of begrudging swiftness, except in battle. As if he had to force himself to do everything—but he did it just to keep up with you.
“Alright, Mister [Chef]. Satel, right? Does everyone in Esthelm burn their food?”
Satel glared as the rest of the squad, Significant Beavers, heckled him. He folded his arms.
“When you’ve got a city that makes a lot of metal, you learn how to properly cook stuff. Coal-fired ovens. It’s got a taste, you know.”
“I just bet.”
One of the Gnolls snorted. She shuddered.
“Remind me not to settle in Esthelm when I finish the war. I’ll go north.”
Everyone looked at her. Utel Silverfang was one of the many Silverfang Gnolls from Liscor.
“What’re you doing? Leaving after this campaign? Just in it for the money?”
Satel eyed her. Utel nodded instantly.
“It’s just for the money, yes? It’s good pay.”
“Assuming you can collect it.”
One of the Drakes, Jordes, commented sourly. He amended his statement when Utel looked worried.
“I just mean that if you’re dead, it’s not in your pockets. It’ll go to your family, don’t worry.”
Utel sighed.
“Hrr. That’ll be Silverfang’s tribe, then. Honored Krshia or Honored Elirr will figure it out.”
What did that mean? Satel was nearly done with his broccoli and chewing on it. He had [Tough Mouth]…which was the Skill that everyone made fun of him for. On the other hand, he could eat steaming broccoli and not blink twice.
Utel did not explain. She just cast her eyes northwards.
“I’ll go north with the money from this campaign, yes?”
“And do what? Travel? I’m planning on taking my money and putting a stake in one of the mines. With Pelt in Esthelm, I could be rich…if I get a good [Prospector] and find a seam. We get a mine, I buy the rights to it…then I retire early and have three kids. I want a family.”
Satel had his own plan. Jordes laughed.
“Wait, where’s the female Human coming from?”
The Esthelm Human hesitated.
“…That comes with the success of the first mine.”
“Riiight.”
“Doesn’t have to be Human. I’m not picky. I’m desperate.”
More chuckles. Satel grinned, but Jordes just started laughing…because that was a bit too honest.
“Maybe you’ve got a shot in Liscor. I’ll take you around if we ever get a break. There’s got to be someone who enjoys toasted broccoli. Me, I’m taking my levels and going to enlist in Pallass’ army.”
“Pallass?”
Everyone in Significant Beavers chorused. Jordes lifted a claw.
“Think on it. Pallass treats their [Soldiers] well. You can get citizenship in a Walled City if you serve…thirteen years, I think, for Pallass? If I’m Level 15, I can pretty much guarantee I’d get enlisted. Normally, it’d be too hard to get into Pallass, especially for a Liscor lad. But guess what we have?”
A magic door. Jordes had an entire plan that revolved around getting posted to one of the armies that didn’t see much action, spending thirteen years, and retiring on a fat pension. Utel was upset.
“Shut up. Shut up. You didn’t let me finish! I’m not going north just for the sights, scales-for-brains. I’m going to get a big job in my tribe’s specialty.”
“Which is?”
Jordes saw Utel Silverfang fix him with an exasperated look. She growled under her breath as the squad chortled. They didn’t think they were going to die, you see. Antinium were different.
Like the Antinium watching them. The evil one.
Crusader 51 had been listening in, and he saw the bad Antinium waiting for his moment to strike. But he was waiting to hear what Utel was going to do.
