Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 10
He said that to no one in particular. Females of any species didn’t really visit his small, cramped apartment. The affairs he had with them were usually at their places, which were generally nicer, or in inns. Or other establishments.
Only one female person visited him. And that was his daughter. She was usually mildly appalled at the disaster of books with their spines broken, little knickknacks, food, clothing, and so on scattered around his room, but Embria was a [Soldier]. She was used to it.
It was still dark, even after his warm-up. It took longer for dawn, and dusk came sooner thanks to the High Passes. So Relc just sat there. He felt around and came up with something.
“Aha. Wire puzzle with the boar’s head. My old friend.”
The Drake had something in his claws. Invisible in the darkness, he nevertheless knew it inside and out. It was a blacksmith’s puzzle. A metal contraption in the shape of a boar’s head. And—a piece of bendy wire. The goal was to fit the wire through the boar’s head and out the other side without having to bend it. The wire was specially made—you could only bend certain sections.
Well—most people couldn’t bend the other sections. Relc could in theory ‘cheat’ due to his prodigious strength, but he took care not to. He carefully straightened the wire—then bent it into a pattern with his claws. Gently. From memory, in the darkness.
Then he inserted it into the boar’s head. Relc felt the wire snag on hidden tumblers. Then it was out the other side. He twisted and with a little snick, the boar’s head fell open.
“Gotcha! And you were so hard to begin with.”
Smugly, the Drake re-locked the head and tossed it aside. He had spent…how long? Three weeks figuring that one out? And ruined the wire part six times. It really was devilishly hard because you had to bend part of the wire back on itself to make it fit…
That was another thing about Relc. He rummaged around and found another little object.
“Hello? Are you Mr. Metal Block puzzle?”
He had a hobby of solving blacksmith’s puzzles. Wire puzzles, where you had to pull interlocking pieces apart, wooden matrixes that needed unscrambling…Relc spent a lot of his money on them. They were all over his apartment floor.
He enjoyed it. But you could count the people who knew this fact on two claws. Silently, Relc wrestled with the cube, which had multiple compartments you could unlatch and twist and turn or push in…
“Grr. Who makes these things?”
Relc wasn’t a genius at solving these puzzles. He was good, of course, and could solve basic ones—even ones he hadn’t seen—in minutes, but that was only by virtue of experience. There were…harder puzzles. And this was one of them.
“Oh? Oh? Aha!”
Relc shouted. He heard a thump from the wall to his right and apologetically knocked on the wall. But he’d found a combination of buttons when pressed…
The cube lit up. It was one of his magical puzzles. And magical puzzles could be anything. Relc saw a glowing font trace itself across the metal. Little, scrawled letters wrote something for him.
Well done. The Ullsinoi of Wistram present: The Cube of Galei.
“Oooh!”
The Drake stared at the cube. It was glowing now, the lines intersecting and meeting in the metal. And—he squinted.
“What is this?”
A second, illusory section of cube had appeared. Relc reached out and twisted in the air. The magical pieces moved. As they did, the glowing lines shifted to match. So you had to complete the top puzzle and…
