Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 18
“No. Numbtongue dug it up. Or…found it. Numbtongue, where’d you get it?”
“I found it—”
“Hey, is that gold?”
Another Drake spotted the nugget. A crowd immediately turned from the door to Pallass and stared at Erin. And at Numbtongue. She looked at him.
“Where? Oh, and no one touch! This is Numbtongue’s!”
She handed the nugget back to him. All eyes were on the sparkling bit of metal. Numbtongue opened his mouth to tell Erin and then noticed the stares. He looked around at all the faces. Half were staring at him, the other half at the nugget and at him. All had the same expressions. Wariness, caution, avarice…he dropped the half-eaten carrot in the bowl.
“Erin. Want the gold?”
“Uh…sure? I mean, maybe later. It’s uh, a bit—”
Erin waved her hands as she looked up at him. Numbtongue nodded. The crowd sighed as he put the gold away in his belt where it sagged heavily. The Hobgoblin kept eating, but the Drakes and Gnolls didn’t exactly disperse. They just stared at him. So he crammed the rest of the food into his mouth and tapped Erin on the shoulder.
“I’m going.”
“Oh? Back to mine?”
“Where exactly? Er, I mean, this Goblin has a mine? Somewhere in the mountains?”
One of the Drakes leaned forwards interestedly. Erin glared at him and he drew back, but his eyes flicked to the magic door. Numbtongue just sighed.
“No. Out.”
He pointed to Erin’s actual door to the inn. She nodded and followed him as he walked to the doorway. There were people coming in, making the short trek from Liscor to the inn. Like the others, they focused on him. Numbtongue stared around the busy inn. Liscor’s citizens and a few of Pallass’ filled it. There were Celum’s [Actors] on stage—it was full to the brim. And it wasn’t even midmorning. He shook his head and turned to Erin.
“I’m going. Be back later.”
The young woman looked up at him. Her expression, which had been annoyed as she shooed back the crowd and excited earlier, became concerned. She grabbed Numbtongue as he went for the door.
“Hey.”
He turned back. Erin hesitated and pointed up at the stairs, where a few Workers were trooping up with wood and nails.
“You…wanna have dinner tonight? The third floor’ll be fixed by then. I figure we can turn one of the rooms into a dining room for a day. Lyonette’s already talking about having private rooms. We can go up there and eat. You, me, Lyonette, and Mrsha?”
“Sure. Sounds good.”
Numbtongue nodded. Erin smiled and patted his arm. But she wavered as Numbtongue put a hand on the door.
“Numbtongue? Exactly where are you going?”
He paused, his back to her.
“…Out.”
“You mean, around the inn? Or the Floodplains? Or…you know we had a talk.”
“I know.”
Numbtongue didn’t look at Erin. He could sense her sidling to his left, watching his face.
“You’re just going out. You’re not going to go there, are you?”
“…No?”
“I know you want to. But look, I’m trying to get Zevara to agree. But until then, it is dangerous. I can’t let you get hurt. You know that, right, Numbtongue?”
“I know. I’m just going out.”
“Okay then.”
Erin was clearly unconvinced by Numbtongue’s lie. But she forced a smile onto her face.
“Dinner tonight. With the family. Alright! See you then!”
She patted Numbtongue’s arm and he stepped out the door. He walked past a pair of Gnolls through the door, making them freeze, and out of the inn. A few stragglers coming up the hill pointed at him in shock. Numbtongue looked around and felt thoroughly miserable. Slowly, he descended the hill and walked towards Liscor.
