Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 17
“I am punishing Pisces, Azam. Hold him. Protect me as always. Pisces—you have offended me once. This is what I do to those who offend me. Once. Azam. That brazier. Bring it over.”
The Djinni did not need to move. He just reached out. One of the huge braziers set up for warmth and light at night was placed next to Igheriz.
The Stitch-man kept well free of the fire, which he feared, but he lifted the dagger in his watercloth hand.
“You see? I fear no fire with this! And this—do you think I am afraid of injuring my property, Pisces? Tell me I am a monster.”
He stuck the dagger in the fire. Pisces saw the blade begin to heat up. He began to struggle.
“Igheriz. Igheriz, I—apologize.”
“You do, do you? Well, I will listen to how sorry you are. Hold him down.”
“Caravan Master Igheriz. Pisces is—”
Hrome froze as Igheriz whirled. There was a deadly look in the man’s eyes now.
“The Naga can repair anything he wishes. But this? You and I have met, Pisces.”
He drew the dagger, tip now glowing. Pisces began to struggle hard, but the Djinni and [Guards] had hold of him. Igheriz bent down, and yanked Pisces’ robes aside.
“You and I have met. And now you will remember it in more than words.”
“Igheriz. I apologize! Stop! Enough! I apologize, I—”
The man began to draw on Pisces’ chest with the glowing blade. It was only then Pisces began to shout. Then scream. The others, [Slaves], [Guards], Hrome, and Azam watched. Only the Djinni did not look away. He just met Pisces’ eyes. For he had seen worse.
 
—-
 
Her first meeting with Pisces the [Necromancer] had not gone well.
For him. Eloque watched the entire event unfold silently, wishing she could tell him to shut up. The young man was as foolish as most [Slaves] taken from outside of Chandrar.
Even so, he did not beg. He did not shriek like some did. He was an adventurer, for all that was worth.
And…a [Necromancer]. That was the curious thing. Eloque kept thinking of it that night, as [Slaves] tended to Pisces and Igheriz stormed about, laughing and drinking and raging by turns. He didn’t forget her of course, but Pisces had stung him, so Igheriz slashed the air with his sword and everyone stayed out of his way.
For sport, he beat the [Cook], Bearig, as if it were his fault for being tethered next to Pisces. Now that man begged and cried out—which alleviated his suffering. Eloque could hear the laughter as he pleaded for mercy, calming Igheriz.
That was not what Eloque thought of. She tuned it out, and thought of Pisces’ words. How he had stood there, in the tent, and dared Igheriz’s wrath.
‘I will never be like you.’ He had said that to Igheriz’s face, calling what he did monstrous. Oh, Eloque had enjoyed that. Yet he confused her.
He was a [Necromancer]. It was not illegal to be one in Baleros like other continents, or so Eloque had been told, but the undead were still horrifying to her. Rotting flesh. Disease. [Necromancers] animated dead bodies.
He thought of himself as better than Igheriz? Eloque began to sneer…then fell silent.
“Perhaps he is.”
The dead could not suffer. She hoped he would not heal too badly or catch infection. A brave young man, with morals, ill-suited to Igheriz’s company.
A foolish one too, to let his tongue wag so.
But brave. She liked him because he brought a mind and voice far from Chandrar to this place, [Necromancer] or not.
 
—-
 
Everything changed after that. 
Pisces was no longer favored. He was chained, treated like the others—but worse, because everyone knew he had fallen from favor.
