Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 3
And they were moving slowly. Salkis grumbled. She was used to flying carpets, teleport spells, or enchanted carriages! At least! She yanked another huge tick off her scales; the damn things loved to burrow into everyone but the Antinium’s chitin, which they couldn’t penetrate. After one day of walking, everyone had realized the yellowed stalks were loaded with the damn things.
Ironically, it had pissed off one person the most. Salkis rode forwards.
“Hey Fierre, you see any more of the ticks on me?”
“Four on your horse’s belly, one on your right arm. Kill the bastards.”
Fierre instantly appraised Salkis. She glowered at the competition. Salkis found the tiny insect and dug it out with a dagger.
Rather than squish it, blast it with fire, or toss it, she did the most malicious thing possible.
“Hey! Who wants to eat this thing?”
Every Antinium raised their hand, except Bird, who was craning his neck to see if he could spot some prey. Salkis flicked the bug at Touma the Great, and the Antinium happily munched the little morsel down.
“Thanks.”
Salkis didn’t bother with her horse, but Fierre nodded as the Drake rode back, rubbing at her arm. Sergeant Gna stared at the Antinium with disgust. Then she promptly rode over to the bloodsucker for her checkup.
Interesting friendships had formed. Some more easily than others. Gna didn’t like Antinium. Gna didn’t like Goblins. Salkis was wary about the Antinium, but interested. Fals was wary of both, lacking contact, but was fairly genial, if reserved. Xeu and Pivr kept to themselves, being foreign Antinium. No one liked Pivr. The two Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings were fairly blasé, having been in The Wandering Inn for quite some time, Normen especially.
…Aside from that, they mostly got along. But the friendships…ah, that was the interesting bit.
Rasktooth, the Cave Goblin with a tooth necklace, a [Cook], really got on with Fals since both helped prepare meals. And Infinitypear, because the Goblin had never eaten a pear and the two were both obsessed with the fruits now. He, riding a pony, would occasionally nudge Infinitypear, the Worker.
“Pear.”
“Pear.”
The Worker agreed, a rare moment of speech. Rasktooth admired the pear on Infinitypear’s chest.
“Juicy?”
“Juicy. Juce.”
“Juce? Juce! Juce pear!”
Then Rasktooth began laughing so hard he nearly fell off the horse and Infinitypear tried to copy him.
“Haha. Ha. Haa. Ha. Ha. Ha? Ha.”
Actual children. No one else got the joke—well, two of the Goblins and some of the Antinium did, but they didn’t think it was funny.
Fierre rolled her eyes, in an exaggerated way. Instantly, the little Goblin riding next to her on another tiny destrier copied her.
“Stop that!”
Fierre hissed at the [Goth] Goblin. She got a heavy-lidded glare, beneath dark eye-shadow, charcoal-darkened lips, glowing red eyes…and a distinctly black-on-black style dress and attitude reminiscent of Fierre’s.
“Puh. You make me.”
The Cave Goblin retorted. Fierre glared. Then she waved a hand.
“Numbtongue! Numbtongue! Make her stop!”
From up ahead, the idle tune from the guitar faltered—and then Numbtongue deliberately pretended he hadn’t heard Fierre. The Vampire glowered.
“Make her—”
“Gothica.”
“That’s not your name.”
“Is.”
Gothica retorted. Fierre glowered at her.
“You can’t name yourself after a class! [Goth] isn’t a class, anyways! I’ve never heard of it!”
“Bad ears. My class is [Goth]. Deal.”
The Cave Goblin went ‘puh’, and blew at the fringe of black hair in a manner distinctly similar to Fierre’s.
“Numbtongue! Ulvama!”
