Interlude – Embria
Page 3
The Drake sighed and raised a finger. Vell threw a biscuit at him. It bounced off of another Gnoll’s head and he glared around. Vell shrugged apologetically. Then she turned to Embria.
“Hey, Wing Commander. Any reason for today’s inspection?”
“Besides making sure you lot aren’t getting lazy? Be glad I didn’t check the officer’s gear myself. If we need to fight, I’m not having anyone claiming they left their sword at a [Sharpener]’s.”
Embria glanced up from her second helping. Vell nodded.
“Fair. Fair. I’m just asking because my squad’s getting antsy. They were telling me that they’re afraid they’ll be stuck here for another month before being recalled with no action. After the Goblin Lord was…”
She drew a claw across her neck.
“You know?”
Half the officers in the mess glanced at Vell. Embria could see the missing spots where some of her officers and friends should have been. Vell didn’t blink twice, though. After a beat, Embria replied.
“They think that, do they? Well, I can’t say how long we’ll be here, but we’re not sitting on our tails all this time. I suppose now’s a good time as any. Captain Wikir.”
The Gnoll sitting next to her glanced up. He twitched one tattered ear as he looked at Embria. Wikir was twenty years Embria’s senior and had dozens of scars hidden under his fur.
“Wing Commander?”
“Wikir, it’s Shield Spider breeding season. Word is it’s even worse this year given all they’ve had to eat. Which is why we’re helping out Liscor and the City Watch with this year’s culling. You know where I’m going with this?”
Several Drakes and Gnolls groaned. Wikir grinned.
“Vell gets her wish?”
“Exactly. Tomorrow, all the squads are sweeping the area around Liscor. Work your way down the road first, then sweep out from there. Each squad cleans at least four nests by the end of the day. Collect their shells and turn them in to the Adventurer’s Guild. The squad that does the best gets a night in Wishdrinks, on me. The squad that does the worst will also get a night of fun and relaxation—cleaning the barracks.”
That perked up the room, as intended. Embria didn’t mention that the squads would be doing this for at least two weeks, but Wikir got it. He nodded and flicked his ears at the [Lieutenants] and [Sergeants] under his direct command.
“Sounds like fun.”
“So says you. I’d rather fight Wyverns than Shield Spiders. Ever been covered by a hundred little spider babies?”
“No. And I don’t plan to. Burn the nest, Captain Pielt. If your group doesn’t have a strong [Mage] like mine…”
“Yes?”
Captain [Pielt] raised his brows. Wikir grinned.
“Enjoy picking baby spiders out of your earholes.”
“Go to hell.”
The other two [Captains] in the room, Vell and Igissi, laughed. Wikir grinned toothily and one of the Drakes under Pielt’s command covered her eyes with her claws. Sergeant Fika shook her head despairingly.
“My vacation’s in two days! If I start my days off with spiders laying eggs in my nostrils, I will kill myself.”
Pielt turned to his subordinate as the table laughed even harder. He glared at Wikir and Vell.
“Think of the opportunities, Sergeant. You invite a few lovely ladies to Wishdrinks and you won’t need to come back to a clean barracks tonight!”
Sergeant Fika glanced up.
“Lads, you fucking idiot. Sir. I’m no Turnscale.”
Embria glanced up. Pielt blinked, but then grinned. Vell stopped laughing abruptly, but no one save perhaps Embria and Lieutenant Kesa noticed.
“Sorry, Sergeant. Two lovely lads. Drakes or Gnolls for preferences?”
