Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 16
It was fast now, a rhythmic beat Kevin was amazed by. Whoever was heralding their imminent horrific demise also had amazing beat control. Well, if movies could do it…the thunderous sounds were a quick rhythm, just a bit slower than his terrified heartbeat.
Something was coming. Poisonbite held up a claw. She stared ahead.
“Something—”
The Goblins, Ogres and Human slowed in their mad dash. They hesitated, but an army was coming towards them from the rear. Kevin heard the drumbeats change one last time.
Thum-thum thum thum. Thu-thu-thum. Thum. Thum thum.
Kevin stumbled. He slowed, as Poisonbite pointed and everyone ran left, staring at something coming out of the darkness. Wait a second. That was a half-beat. That was…
“Dude. It’s got a rhythm.”
That wasn’t the sonorous war-drums he’d expected. That sounded like something else, suddenly. Terrifying in the darkness, loud as everything. But it also sounded like…
Music. Someone had interrupted the steady downbeat, throwing in double-thums and a changing tempo. It was music.
Oh. And it was getting louder. So loud that Kevin didn’t even hear Poisonbite screaming at them. He saw her gesturing, pointing. Get to the side! Yet the world was filled with the drums.
Thum-thum-thum-thum…
Now it was a march. Thunder in the caverns. The Humans slowed, weapons raised, shining lights into the darkness, illuminating the Goblins, the Ogres, Kevin…
And the things coming up from the depths.
They came out of the darkness in ranks. Not with the Redfang’s military strictness, but shoulder-to-shoulder, with huge, swinging steps. Just seventeen of them. Seventeen, to face hundreds of Humans.
They were not as tall as Somo’s people. Yet each one was huge, their skin surprisingly more pale from lack of light. They carried crude weapons by the standards of civilization, but still, huge clubs of bone or axes. Somo backed up, weapon raised, snarling in alarm. She respected these warriors. Cousins of hers.
Trolls.
Seventeen Trolls thundered down the intersection to the beating of that drum. Weapons raised, ignoring the arrows and spells trying to hurt them. They marched past Goblins and Ogres, not oblivious, just confident. The Humans brought up weapons and shields, but they were not prepared. For Trolls or…
The drums! It was so loud, now, Kevin couldn’t even tell if his heart was working. He only heard that terrifying sound, and he was sure it was no different even for the Humans. A [Mage] was screaming a spell. For a second Kevin heard silence as the enchantm—
THUM.
He actually heard the sound blow apart the spell. No one could hear a thing! Yet the Trolls moved, and as the drums rolled, they struck.
Thum thum thum thum!
Every time the drum struck, the Troll warriors echoed it with mace and axe. A fast, yet rhythmic onslaught. They tore forwards, collapsing the first line of Humans like they were made of paper. Kevin was astonished. Yet there was no cohesion in the defenders.
The drum. It was throwing off the other warriors! It was so loud, so pervasive that it echoed through Kevin’s soul with every reverberation. It threw off the natural timing of the [Warriors], the shouted orders, a hostile rhythm they didn’t know and couldn’t predict on first contact. They couldn’t hear orders, or Skills, or the shouts to retreat or regroup.
The Trolls didn’t care. The drums were their orders. It picked up speed and they accelerated. Then a double-beat—they stepped back, slashing, letting the Humans charge forwards into a feint and more slaughter.
“Dead gods.”
