Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 47
“Of course, my King. I…have not as of yet begun any judgements on my second target. I only gained access to the inn two days ago, and I believe I am still somewhat unwelcome.”
“How long is your break?”
“I should return to the academy soon, but I can extend it as long as needed. The Professor will understand. Today, I will return to the inn and try to meet with…ah, him. Numbtongue seems the most well-versed and spoken.”
Inreza’s eyes opened fully, and she sat up.
“Good.”
That was all. A member of the Mneiol could judge another Minotaur’s actions. But who was Venaz there to investigate?
Perhaps—a Goblin in an inn inclined to talk. And if he was—Inreza glanced down at her books and her own journal. No, it would take more than a single Goblin’s testimony, but you saw honor where you found it. You didn’t have to seek it out if it were as visible as a hundred Antinium standing amidst the waves.
Antinium and Goblins. The rest of the world could say what they wanted, and no species was one people. But if one weren’t a monster…the Minotaur King waited until she had more facts. More facts, and evidence, and the opportunity to change this world.
If only she or Venaz could have read that [Innkeeper]’s Skills and seen [Natural Allies: Goblins]. Then Inreza would have had more questions to ask. If she had one fear…well.
She still had great reservations about Venaz’s ability to be tactful.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: The island of the Goblins. And the House of Minos. You can’t talk about one without the others. Goblins, Minotaurs. They go together like um…g-green tea and steak?
Yes, that’s my analogy and I’m standing by it. Hope you enjoyed. This is a longer chapter than what I hope to be average, and it took me all three days. It’ll be a busy week as well after this…personally busy, not writing-busy, but the more stuff I have to do, the less writing.
So we’ll see how this next chapter goes. For now, I’m sign off and see you next time! I left out more lore about Minotaurs and Goblins but I’ll cram them into other chapters. Thanks for reading and uh, pet your capybaras?
 
Behemoth by Miguel!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/cmarguel
Twitter: https://twitter.com/cmarguel

 
Voidgoat by Vescar!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/vescar

 
Tom, by painterinthesky!
  
 

