Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 61
“Damn bird. Don’t talk to me about that. That was a bad dream, and I won’t think of it again…”
“Watch the merchandise!”
Igheriz dragged Cawe up, but eyed her talons. He nodded at them, brusquely.
“We will see…just how that sells. If not, I will put in a word. Do not speak of Riqre in Roshal. Ever.”
Cawe lost her humor and ducked her head. Eloque glared at Cawe, flattering and even, it seemed, flirting with the guards. What was wrong with her?
Despair took many forms. Rophir had been saved, and Bearig tried to feed him as they sat in the evening.
“Smile, Rophir. Eat a bite? Please? The darkness lifts. I even swore I saw a beautiful shooting star last night to the northwest. Many colors it was. You would have smiled if you did not sleep.”
Azam frowned at the boy and Bearig. Igheriz avoided staring at Bearig too, but kicked the [Cook] in the back as he passed. He did not seem to know if taking Rophir was wise…but the boy had lived and Bearig had carried him without complaint. Igheriz would not kill a child.
Perhaps he should have. Eloque saw Rophir take a bite to shut Bearig up at last. He curled up, eyes blank. Even when he had been told Emir Riqre was dead, he had not smiled. That was the way of such men.
Real monsters like Riqre were not overcome or vanquished by heroes. They just died. Eloque let time pass.
One day remained. Then…one night. They would reach the city in the morning. And every eye was on Pisces and he could do nothing. Igheriz was no fool. That last night, he chained Pisces to six stakes in the ground, each with a different key in the lock.
 
—-
 
Pisces lay, feeling the chains on the blanket. He was awake. In the morning, they would ride for the city and he would be lost.
He had no illusions; maybe he could jump off the carpet and crash it, but Azam would be there and the Djinni…no.
Roshal. Maybe it would be better than this road with Igheriz. The Naga was said to be a genius who appreciated value. Perhaps….
Pisces might have been able to believe that before meeting Emir Riqre. He might not have tried to escape and bided his time, but the Emir had shown him just how dark a [Slave]’s fate was. How they could change you against your will. He had said the Naga knew of such things.
No. Pisces saw the other [Slaves] looking at him. They talked, staying up, Igheriz allowed them that. The tent was guarded, of course, but Pisces was helpless. He couldn’t unlock the collar with a bit of metal even if he had that; they were magical keys.
And everyone had been watching Pisces so damn hard. He’d gotten the keys off Tenir, but overplayed his hand. The useless damned keys.
“I hope it will be better for you, Pisces. The Naga can mend your wounds. Who knows? No story really says what it is like in his abode, but perhaps it will be better. He does not need to collar his [Slaves].”
Astotha murmured as she applied some of the healing potion she was allowed. Pisces still ached.
“But neither did Riqre. I will not hope for you, Pisces. I have forgotten how. I will remember you, though. And speak your name to all Dullahans I meet.”
“Thank you, Qshom.”
Pisces met with his companions amid the tent. Others murmured goodbyes. It was Shein he looked to next, and Droppe. Droppe spoke.
“I have learned many secrets the last few days. All of them dangerous. I hope you can find your friends, Pisces. I heard a rumor Igheriz knew the locations of one—the Ksmvr. Not where. Don’t look at me. I thought it was better you not know. You’ll learn when you reach Roshal.”
The Lizardman [Broker] shuffled back. Shein remained.
