Interlude – Two Rats
Page 17
“…matter…we’ll make sure that Minotaur suffers…”
“…that Minotaur what he deserves…”
“Come on. Let’s go.”
The last came from the tallest Gnoll, who had a pale stripe across one ear and down to his chin across his tan fur. He gestured, and the [Guardsmen] and two [Guardswomen] followed him in the same direction as Zevara. Mrsha stared. And then she saw Tkrn’s face. The bared teeth. And she, curious, trembling with pain and fear and smelling their intentions, followed.
Raekea didn’t notice. The [Armorer] was pushing her way towards Krshia, trying to weigh in on the debate between Erin and Krshia. The [Innkeeper] was shouting in Krshia’s face.
“No! No, no, no! Ceria says—”
“This is justice!”
Krshia shouted back. The [Shopkeeper]’s eyes were wide with fury, her paws clenched. Erin glared back.
“And if you’re wrong? What if you’re wrong? Ceria says it wasn’t the same Calruz she knew and I believe her! If there’s a chance, it’s murder!”
“He’s been tested for magic!”
“What if it’s not magic?”
“You mean, what if it’s him? Erin! Lism could win on this issue alone! Would you really destroy all we’ve worked for? For this?”
Raekea pushed her way forwards, past Elirr. Erin took a deep breath. She looked at the Pallassian [Senators], at Krshia, at Selys and around. And she slowly nodded.
“You want my help, Krshia? Let Zevara decide if Calruz dies. Let there be law. Not him being tortured to death! Let’s talk to her. Otherwise, you can go try and beat Lism by saying you’ll do the most horrible things to Calruz. And when you do, I’ll walk back to my inn and slam the door to Pallass. And if you think—”
She cut off as Raekea thrust an arm out and grabbed her. Selys’ eyes went round in alarm and Krshia turned.
“Raekea—”
“How dare you! That Minotaur killed my people! He sacrificed them and worked with the Raskghar!”
The [Armorer] howled. Erin glared.
“I know. I haven’t forgiven him—”
“Forgiven? He can’t be forgiven! He can only be killed! How dare you argue otherwise? In front of the Mrsha child no less—”
Raekea’s furious paw pointed down at her side. Erin blinked and stared. So did the other Gnolls. Elirr, Krshia, Selys—they all stared at the blank bit of street. Raekea paused. She looked down. Then behind her. Then amid the milling crowd.
“Mrsha? Mrsha? Where did you—”
She stared at Erin. Let go of her. Then Raekea panicked.
 
—-
 
There he sat. There he stood. As time passed, he knew the cell of his world. And a small world it was. The magical field that held him pulsed. And the cell was small. Large enough for him to pace in, even exercise.
Small for a world. Smaller still with months. So small it wore him into pieces. Until death was welcome. And if death could erase dishonor, he would have taken it.
So he waited. And when the Drake stormed into the prison, he looked up. And she told him of his doom.
“They will kill you. Slowly, by the masses. And they will do it if Lism wins.”
And the Minotaur smiled without rancor. Without fear. And he spoke with thought, forethought, afterthought, with the measure of a prisoner, for whom time had different meaning.
“Well and so. It would be fair.”
The Watch Captain paced in front of the cell. Smoke hung in the air, her fiery passion.
“The City Watch and the law aren’t tools for politicians to use. Nor are lives of prisoners. And if Erin has her way and I mine, this will never be so.”
“And if I am guilty? If the [Mages] find nothing wrong with me?”
“Then I will consider your crime. But I am the law. And I judge. And I do not see the monster you would die as.”
