Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 9
Erin snapped back. The Gnoll didn’t reply. He looked away from her. And he didn’t leave, but the silence in the room grew more pronounced. Numbtongue looked around. He stared at the faces, some calm, some judging. Others, like Grimalkin, weighing him on some imaginary scale. And he hated it. Most of all though, he hated the ones standing at the back, in a group of their own.
Bevussa, Keldrass,  Earlia of Gemhammer and Nailren of Kelia’s Pride. More—the Horns of Hammerad. A few other Silver-rank teams. Adventurers. They said nothing. But their looks told Numbtongue what they thought. Here was a ‘safe’ Goblin. One they wouldn’t kill.
One, and only one.
It was the same as yesterday. The same as the one time he’d gone to Liscor. Numbtongue clenched his fists, aware of every person who drew back when they saw that and his bared teeth. He searched for the right words. But he didn’t have them. And he wished he could tell that Drake how wrong he was. Of the Goblins he called animals. Numbtongue wished he could show him. But the others were dead and gone. And he…
The Hobgoblin moved. People jumped out of his way as Numbtongue stormed towards the stairs. Up them, towards his room. Erin ran after him, but no one else moved. They watched as he disappeared upstairs. And then Erin. And then the big Soldier got up and followed both. And after a few more moments, someone told a joke, the inn laughed, and it got back to normal.
The Goblin was gone. But upstairs, the Goblin was always there. And he was always a Goblin.
 
—-
 
Yellow Splatters stood behind Erin, listening. Just listening to Numbtongue and her talk. She was standing in the hallway outside his room. Numbtongue was standing in the doorway, Yellow Splatters closer to the stairs. The sounds of the merry common room drifted up. But above, the air was colder. More painful.
Numbtongue looked upset as he stood in the doorway. He had just stood there when Erin and Yellow Splatters found him. He hadn’t slammed the door or hid in his room. That was a thing for Human children. A door couldn’t stop an adventurer with a crossbow, or a spell. You had to stand and fight or run far away. And he had lost that fight. Yellow Splatters had seen his face.
Intriguing. The Soldier had never considered a fight could be won with words. But these ones had left invisible wounds. Erin was trying to mend them now, but it wasn’t working.
“It was just one Drake, Numbtongue. He won’t come back. I’ll make sure of it.”
“They all think that way.”
“Not all. Relc’s trying. You didn’t have to…I know what he did. But I think he’d even apologize if—”
“For Garen? He can say sorry to Garen, not me. If sorry brings back dead Goblins.”
Numbtongue sneered, his fists clenched. Erin fell silent. She looked at him, helplessly, angry and upset for him. Yellow Splatters saw that too. That was what drove the Antinium to Erin. The fact that she would be angry or sad or happy with them. For them. But now it wasn’t helping.
“You don’t have to—no. I mean—I know it’s hard. If there’s anything I can…what can I do to help, Numbtongue?”
“Let me go to Liscor.”
The Goblin looked up with burning eyes. Erin wavered.
“You can’t. I’m sorry. I talked it over with Zevara, Numbtongue. You’ll be in danger.”
“Don’t care.”
“You can’t fight them. Any one of them could hit you with a stone, or cast a spell, or stab you—”
“I don’t care. I want to go.”
“Why? What’s Liscor got? I can get you anything, Numbtongue! What do you want?”
“I don’t know. I want to go there and find out.”
