Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 7
The three [Cooks], that was to say, Erin, Lyonette, and Palt, began adding in sugar and the other ingredients Erin had been given. Butter and milk powder too! They weren’t making a dark chocolate, even if Erin liked it more than milk chocolate. Also, Erin realized it was definitely necessary to thicken the chocolate they had. Because it was a lot of work to make and darn it, Erin wanted as much for her money as possible!
And with effort, and time, the liquid chocolate began to develop the proper taste. Erin was just about to pour it into some molds to be frozen via Palt when she heard a disturbance.
Not everything had gone smoothly as the chocolate. Visma appeared in the garden. She stomped through with tears in her eyes and shouted.
“I hate Mrsha!”
“What? What happened? Oh no! You have a bloody…nostril!”
Visma was indeed bleeding a bit. She cried as Erin saw Mrsha, tail and ears lowered, appear in the doorway, holding Apista. It took a few minutes to get the story out of the neutral party—Ekirra, but the event was simple. Erin summed it up.
“She pulled Apista’s wings, so Mrsha hit her. Which was bad, even if Apista was in pain, Mrsha!”
She looked sternly at Mrsha. The Gnoll child turned away. Visma refused to look at Mrsha. Erin modulated her tone.
“But Visma, Apista is also a living thing. And she gets hurt too. Violence is not the answer—”
“Sometimes it’s the answer. I mean, let’s be fair.”
Relc waved from his corner. Erin glared at the unwanted dad-parenting, especially since Embria was nodding. She turned back to Mrsha.
“—Violence is okay against Crelers. But you’re friends, right?”
“And friends sometimes hurt each other. But they should say sorry. And you’re sorry, right Mrsha?”
Lyonette gave Mrsha a cuddle. The Gnoll hugged her, and then went over to Visma. The Drake refused to look at her.
“Go away. I hate you.”
It was a little fight. But—it mattered. Erin and Lyonette watched anxiously as Mrsha recoiled. She tried to go around and sign her apology to Visma, but the little Drake kept turning around. Ekirra kept watching them, pacing around them anxiously. But Visma refused to accept the apology.
In the end, Mrsha curled up into a ball of misery. Only then did Visma look at her. She saw how sad Mrsha was and she began to cry. Mrsha looked up, saw Visma crying, and started crying as well.
Both of them started crying. And Ekirra joined in because his two friends were upset. Erin hugged them all.
“No punching each other! And we have chocolate! Okay? Let’s say sorry and make up.”
Sorry.
“Sorry.”
Visma and Mrsha looked at each other. Mrsha nuzzled Visma’s face and the Drake girl copied the gesture. Erin quickly brought down some of the flash-frozen chocolate.
It wasn’t as…perfect as a chocolate bar from her world. And Erin couldn’t make those fancy patterns in the chocolate; she’d just used a quick mold in the shape of a bar. But she broke it into three little pieces now. Visma stared at her chocolate and Ekirra and Mrsha sniffed theirs.
“And it’s okay for Gnolls?”
Lyonette looked anxious. Erin had told her chocolate was bad for dogs, and the [Princess] had objected to giving it to Mrsha on that ground. But Erin was calm.
“Rufelt told me Gnolls have no problem. He eats it, and so does Lasica. It’s fine, Lyonette. Lasica’s a [Cook],”
The [Princess] nodded, a bit relieved. Mrsha was the first to bite into her chocolate, with Visma. Ekirra was more cautious; Erin suspected he thought it was poo after their silly game.
