Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 0

Erin Solstice stood over a sack of recently fermented, dry…cocoa beans. The very essence of the stuff that would become chocolate. She spoke to her audience.
“There’s a saying about chocolate. Chocolate waits for no one. Except when it does. Because it’s sort of a pain to make, y’know?”
There was a pause. Palt shuffled his hooves.
“…I’m going to say you’re lying, Miss Erin.”
“Hey. I said there’s a saying. I said it. And I’m mostly right, aren’t I?”
The Centaur opened his mouth. Even for someone versed in Wistram politics and the Ullsinoi faction’s tendency towards creative madness, that was a lot to parse. He looked at Lyonette.
“She’s being dramatic. Or what she thinks is dramatic. Let her have this moment.”
The [Princess] whispered. Palt nodded. Erin glared at them.
“Look at it. Look at it! It looks like cocoa beans!”
Lyonette and Palt stared at the sack that had just arrived after three days of fermentation. It was filled with dark, fat beans. Lyonette nodded slowly.
“Yes. Those are beans. They don’t look like when we pulled them out of the fruits, that’s for sure.”
Erin nodded proudly.
“We’re a step closer to chocolate. Actually, just so you know, I’m not a huge fan of chocolate. I like it dark, but hey, that’s because my parents do. But chocolate’s okay. I mean, I’m not into alcohol or coffee either.”
The [Princess] and [Illusionist] stared askance at Erin.
“You’ve been talking about chocolate nonstop for the last three days, Erin! Every time someone asks you to do something you don’t want, you say ‘chocolate’ until they leave!”
“Well, yeah. Because it works.”
Erin smiled faintly. Lyonette threw up her hands.
It should have been pointed out before now that Erin, for all her sterling qualities in forgiveness, trust in the essential goodness and soul of people, and her ability to play chess and bring people together—was not always easy to work with. As Lyonette would happily tell anyone who asked. In detail. But then—no one was. Lyonette was bossy, thought Gnolls were overweight, and had a real avarice for gold. Like most Drakes, actually.
“I mean, chocolate’s okay. And I really want to use it in cakes and stuff. Vanilla cake is a crime. It’ll be great to share it with Relc, the Antinium…Relc…and see their faces. Okay, so what’s the next step?”
Erin rubbed her hands together. Indeed, chocolate to her was more about seeing people eat it. Lyonette consulted the recipe Lasica had written up for her.
“We need to dry it. For…ooh. You’re not going to like this. It says for about a week or more.”
The [Innkeeper]’s face fell.
“What? No.”
“Yup. They’re way too wet. See?”
Lyonette prodded some of the beans in the sack. They were indeed unduly moist. Erin threw up her hands.
“I hate chocolate!”
“If you’ll allow me, I think I can deal with that.”
Palt interrupted hurriedly. The Centaur had volunteered to help with the chocolate making. Just the other day he’d been making more Balerosian dishes. He really was cooking his way into Erin and Lyonette’s good graces. Now, he trotted around the sack of beans.
“I’ll handle drying. You don’t need to wait a week; I can use magic. I’ve done this before with other products.”
“Really?”
Erin and Lyonette looked at Palt. He smugly put a cigarette-sized puffer in his mouth.
“Oh yes. Dreamleaf’s just as bad with that. Drying spells and light spells do the trick if you know enough of them. [Light] isn’t powerful enough, but if you’ll give me some room and help me spread the beans out, I’ll draw a little containment circle and dry them. It won’t take more than an hour, tops.”
