Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 36
Greydath was nursing his wounds when Izikere spoke. She stood, warding the isle against the Minotaurs’ wrath.
“The fleet is coming back. For the ships.”
“Let them. You. Sit.”
The Goblin Lord of Blades glowered, but the rest of the Goblins were so terrified by Izikere standing that they ran to their posts.
“I could sink half of them before they retreat.”
“Sit. You have done enough. Is that Minotaur dead?”
A Goblin raced towards her and reported no, he had just been seen in one of the villages. He was poisoned—but alive.
“Leave him. Let them [Scry] him. Watch where he goes. No fighting.”
Greydath growled.
“I could kill him t—”
The [Shaman] kicked at him, and the [Blademaster] leaned back. Izikere wore an expression of rare discontent. Centuries she had sat on the cliff. She pointed a staff she had grown out of the ground at him.
“You have done enough. Sit. The King of Minotaurs will not be idle if her Prince dies. Did you think I was in danger?”
Greydath just glowered back. They spoke in the Goblin tongue, but not in the crude hodge-podge, the barely-literate sentences he used with Rags and the others. This was the flowing language as it should be.
“I return to this island and fight for you, and you greet me like this, Goblin Lord Izikere.”
“Greydath. What happened to Izril?”
He shrugged, and the Goblin Shaman turned her head dangerously. Greydath spoke, making his words short like the Goblins he had lived among for decades.
“Goblin Lord appears. Goblin Lord dies. Many Goblins die. Sad. Death. Always death. Here…”
He gazed around the Island of Goblins with almost as much distaste as he’d had for Tremborag’s mountain. The gift of a Goblin Lord. A memory, perhaps their potential on display.
He hated it here. And yet it drew him back each and every time. Like a memory of something beautiful, but so sad it cut you apart every time you saw it. A dream. Izikere was going to spare that arrogant Minotaur’s life?
It was her island and domain. Greydath wondered what Khedal would see.
 
——
 
The arrows were poisoned. He’d forgotten…the Goblins here were more dangerous than Drowned Folk on their ships.
Too strong. No—that wasn’t it. He could have taken a score of them down. The foreign architecture had disturbed him. He didn’t need to slaughter them in their village.
Why half-Elves? Design? The Minotaur ran down forest trails, aware he was being watched. His head was dizzy—he was feverish.
He would take a long time to die. Perhaps that was why they didn’t close with him. Yet the more Khedal ran across the island—the stranger it got.
Perhaps it was the venom in his blood, but nothing made sense. The forest trails were primitive, but no more than any overgrown part of Minos where Minotaurs might hike. There were bugs and wild plants in profusion, yet the Goblins lived in cleared areas.
Was that a town he skirted, Goblins watching him from homes, bows drawn? So many bows. Living amongst nature like—
No. Just pointed ears. He ran past a fishing village and saw the nets neatly waiting for low tide. Fish in a bowl for colorful birds to eat. They flew off around him as he charged past.
A thousand kinds of bird, fluttering down the beach. A Goblin staring at him unafraid, holding a fishing spear. Unlike the savages he’d met who—
Fomirelin. Coming out of the waves like a charging bull, roaring. Khedal cut him three times and landed as he was thrown, getting to his feet. The sounds of fighting would be his guide to his people.
He couldn’t let himself die. His King needed him. Prince Lareqol…
