Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 28
One particular fist of Painted Soldiers was running up a hill about a mile away from The Wandering Inn. They had disposed of a particularly large nest of Shield Spiders. They were not led by Yellow Splatters; he was actually six miles away. But he was on the same field. They had heard him give the order. That was enough. Now the five Painted Soldiers ran forwards, hunting for another nest.
The Soldier in the lead rushed up the hill and began to cross the top. The mud splashed around his feet as he ran, splattering across the blue-white paint delicately patterning his body. Falling Snow, he was named. And as he ran, he spotted a deep valley ahead of him. The thick mud, a remnant of the rains, still covered the bottom, quite deeply. That was fine, and it meant no Shield Spiders were making their nests in all that. Falling Snow turned to find another hill. And the Soldier behind him, Zebras, bumped into him.
It was a simple mistake. They were too excited. All five going too fast. The Soldier tripped. He lost his footing. And he struggled to regain it, but the hill was steep. The mud slipping. As Zebras grabbed for him with three of his striped arms, Falling Snow overbalanced. And he fell into the mud.
It covered him at once. Thick, clinging, heavy mud. More solid than liquid, but deep enough, watery enough to ensnare the Painted Soldier like a…bug. In the mud. Falling Snow struggled, arms and legs grasping at something, anything, as Zebras and the three other Painted Soldiers skidded to a stop on the hill. But he couldn’t move. The mud dragged him down.
Suddenly, the excitement was gone from the air. Zebras stared down at the mud pit. At the flailing Soldier. He made to step forwards, and slipped. The other three Soldiers dragged him back. The valley’s slopes were steep. The footing treacherous. One wrong move and Zebras would tumble into the pit.
And that deep—Falling Snow was struggling. He’d managed to right himself, but he was sinking deeper. And he was too far away from the pit’s edges to pull himself up. The mud was closing over his head. His mandibles snapped. They covered with mud. He couldn’t breathe.
The four Painted Soldiers stood helplessly on the edge. They thought. They looked at the ground. Zebras reached for the others and they tried to make a chain. Two of the Soldiers went down, and the two tried to hold them. The mud footing slipped and all four nearly cascaded down. They were too heavy. It would never work. Zebras began digging at the ground, but there was no time. They couldn’t excavate Falling Snow in the time it would take to change the geography of the valley.
By now, the distress of the five Painted Antinium was being broadcast across every level of communication they possessed. Other Painted Soldiers noticed the still group of four on the hill. They turned, and like a ripple, all the attention of the Painted Soldiers fixed on the spot. On the scene.
Six miles away, Yellow Splatters looked up from killing a Shield Spider. He saw the four. Saw the other Painted Soldiers converging on the spot at a dead run. He ran too. But too late.
Too slow.
In the valley of mud, Falling Snow was drowning. Mud was closing around his head, and his four arms and legs were caught. The Soldier flailed, but he understood nothing of swimming. And he was too heavy. The mud too deep and too thick. He couldn’t breathe.
