Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 32
Trey squeaked. Eldavin stared at him. His head fell back.
“Typical.”
 
—-
 
It seemed that even in his minute of death, Eldavin would still manage to insult you. Well, the fact that he’d spoken at all meant he was alive. Trey dragged him up and had gotten him two more floors down when the half-Elf came to again.
“My arm.”
“We’ll get it reset properly, Grand Magus. Minizi, get Sa’la! We have to run! The Golems—”
“They’re not coming after us, young man. If they do, it’s war. Cognita…I don’t think…argh.”
They reached Eldavin’s rooms. To Trey’s shock, Wistram was not exploding at this very moment. Eldavin lifted a shaking finger and Trey dragged him in.
“A healer, then—”
“No. No, I’ll set it myself. A proper healing spell will do me correctly.”
Eldavin stared at his arm. He was tapped, completely drained of magic of course, so he let it be for the moment. Trey hovered at the door.
“But Grand Magus—shouldn’t we tell—?”
“No, we should not! Stay there! You and that little Lifesand Golem! I don’t appreciate having my blood stolen either! Stand there.”
The [Sand Mage] and Golem stood to attention as Eldavin lay on one of his couches. He groaned. He had barely—barely survived that last punch. He’d thrown everything into a desperate shield after…
He felt like he was going to throw up. His head was jumbled…Eldavin lay there. Trey heard him muttering.
“That bastard Zelkyr. The boots. The boots. I’m going to…ungrateful girl. Golems. As intelligent as animated rocks, which is what they are! Stubborn and…easier negotiating with Revenants. She nearly killed me. After I tried—expended so much effort and goodwill—she’ll pay for that.”
He growled, propping himself up slightly. He looked angry. Trey could understand that. He opened his mouth, but Eldavin wasn’t done. The half-Elf pointed, remembering Trey.
“This—this was an accident. You, young man, will say nothing.”
“But the Golems—”
“If they want to start a war with Wistram’s [Mages] by slaughtering a Grand Magus, they will! However, until that eventful day, you will be silent. You are in my faction, are you not?”
“Yes, Grand Magus, but—”
“I have had it up to here with ‘buts’! No objections! No ‘ifs’, ‘ors’, or ‘maybes’! I am the Grand Magus here, not you. And I…do you have another potion?”
Eldavin collapsed again with a groan. Trey produced one. To his surprise, Eldavin smiled, apparently forgetting his pique now.
“Ah, thank you. Pain—it has been a long time since I fought like that. I apologize, young Atwood. Which is your name.”
Sharp as ever. Trey bit his lip, and Eldavin lifted a finger.
“No need to lie. I consider it a little secret between us. I don’t doubt your little Golem was responsible for saving my life, too. She must have sensed the battle, didn’t she?”
“Yes, Grand Magus, I think so.”
Eldavin nodded weakly, chugging the potion with his good hand and trying to adjust his broken arm, then giving up. He lay there, panting, but he never ran out of words.
“Lifesand Golems are like that. You know, it’s somewhat close to Sentient-class already? A complete skip of normal Golem creation. Mainly because it’s closer to a monster or slime than a Golem. You don’t animate it with magical instructions; just give sand life.”
“I—I didn’t know that, Grand Magus.”
The half-Elf blinked a few times. Trey’s eyes widened as he looked at Minizi. She could think? Of course he’d known that, but that meant she was actually like a…
