Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 13
“She helped cull a bunch of animals, and butchered them without a blink. Even some of the [Farmers] were surprised by how chatty she was. Then she went and helped the [Mortician] with…”
He gulped. Laken nodded.
“Preparing the dead bodies. And have you ever seen her look upset while fighting? What about when we were burning the Creler bodies? Anyone?”
The [Emperor] asked the other warriors who were on bodyguard duty. They shook their heads. Laken nodded.
That was Wiskeria’s secret. She never stopped being normal, even when she should be. Seasoned warriors could fight in a battle, but even they might blanch at culling and butchering animals. Wiskeria? Not a bat of the eyelid.
Crelers, dead bodies—spooky [Witch] apprentices. Laken remembered her chasing them off. Nothing fazed Wiskeria, except, apparently, infidelity.
Emotional, social matters. She raised her voice behind Laken, visibly upset.
“Elaiere, you can’t let him get away with this. This is more than just being unfaithful! He made a promise to you! An oath of love! You have to resolve this.”
“How?”
The [Witch] thought about it.
“For someone who breaks the vow of love? You could break his legs.”
“…What?”
Laken sat back up. Gamel, and the rest of the squad turned. Wiskeria was pacing back and forth in front of the women. Beycalt laughed, but Wiskeria shook her head.
“I’m serious! It’s a broken vow! Demand something of his—you can’t trust oathbreakers. The engagement’s off. Demand—I don’t know, I’ve never been engaged. What’s the penalty for breaking an engagement?”
“There’s not one, Wiskeria! It’s…love.”
The [Witch] whirled on her friend, angrier—Laken realized, angrier than any of the other women for different reasons—and pointed at Elaiere.
“And love demands a price. He’s broken his word. You were going to get married! Demand fair recompense, Elaiere. Demand…I don’t know, one of his testicles.”
“What?”
The [Witch] looked around.
“She doesn’t need to cut it off herself! It’s just—that—that’s not what you’d normally do, is it?”
She hesitated, as she saw the other women looking at her. Wiskeria opened her mouth, then promptly shut it.
And that was the mystery of Wiskeria, partially solved. Laken strolled out of the home, and looked at Gamel.
“Ask Beycalt later if anything’s done. Otherwise—Prost can handle it. No testicles being removed.”
The [Knight] nodded, glancing back towards the circle of arguing women. Laken walked on.
The thing about Wiskeria was that she slipped. You had to catch her. He just bet that the talk about breaking promises was something she’d learned from her mother.
“Woe to anyone who ever broke a promise to Wiskeria as children.”
“Ah, well, we all have our complaints, Emperor Godart. But if you wanted to know Wiskeria’s differences, you might have asked us.”
All of Laken’s company jumped and half his bodyguards nearly drew their blades—but they saw Eloise standing there and relaxed. The [Witch] had snuck up on them all!
“Eloise, you caught my spying.”
“An [Emperor] does not hide well. Are you wondering what makes Wiskeria different?”
Laken ducked his head, a bit shamefaced.
“Wiskeria has always dodged questions about her past. I did not wish to push. Eloise, I don’t suppose you can elaborate?”
The [Tea Witch] considered the question and Laken knew she was weighing her ‘service’ to the Unseen Empire against the code of [Witches], whatever that was. She gestured.
“Shall we walk, your Majesty?”
They did, towards the river and the fields, as Eloise hummed, then spoke.
