Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 9
And the Runner was good. They were quick-witted, resourceful, and had bought magical items to prepare for this challenge.
They survived the Room of Similarity because they had those items. The Runner fought, desperately, bashing their opponents to pieces by virtue of the small advantages they’d brought. Even so—they stumbled out of the room, bleeding, healing themselves, exhausted more mentally than anything else.
They inhaled three lungfuls of the soporific gas enchantment before they realized something was wrong. They had a countermeasure. But that was when the shadow familiars attacked. The Runner lost their belt and bag of holding in the sudden assault, just as planned. Now they were in trouble.
Average, so far…
 
—-
 
Then.
Ryoka and Fierre sat at the far end of the coach, staring. It was rude to stare. And also—rude to judge people by their appearance.
But in fairness—that was an [Assassin]. He looked like it. You know, that…concealing clothing thing? Also, the way one looked around, as if seeing people dead. A certain coldness of the expression?
Also, the multiple weapons he was carrying was a big clue. Ryoka knew he was an assassin. She had met Theofore. Although that was like comparing an ant to an Antinium.
This guy made her nervous. Fierre too. But also—
Fierre stared at the [Assassin]. And she bit the edge of her cup. She looked…hungry. In a way she hadn’t been for Ryoka or the driver.
“Er…so, F—Fanni. How long do you think we’ll be to our destination?”
The Vampire girl jumped. She gave Ryoka a look, and then smiled, hiding her teeth.
“Oh, just a while longer…actually, a day or two.”
“A day or t—”
Ryoka yelped. Fierre glared at her.
“We’re going far, R—my friend. Even the fastest carriages take time. And this is almost nonstop.”
“Oh. I guess…”
Ryoka was too used to Magnolia’s carriage. And she had no sense of how fast the carriage was moving. She gingerly cracked open one of the shades and Fierre slapped her hand down.
“Sorry!”
The two young women were so studiously ignoring the [Assassin] in the corner that when he spoke, they nearly screamed.
“First time on the Unmarked Coach?”
He had taken the grey scarf around his mouth down. Ryoka spun.
“Er—yes! I mean—”
“Nice to meet you.”
He walked over, held out a hand. Ryoka and Fierre stared. The man smiled.
He had grey hair. He was actually in his late fifties! He was very spry, however, and he was very affable.
“I’m an [Assassin]. Assassin’s Guild—on business.”
“Oh. Um—I’m Alelle. Alelle—”
The [Assassin]’s lips moved in a smile. He cut Ryoka off.
“We don’t use names here. If that was yours, I’d keep it to yourself. And don’t worry. This is neutral ground.”
“Oh.”
Ryoka relaxed, but only by a bit. The [Assassin] nodded at Fierre.
“Pleasure to meet you too, Miss.”
“Er, charmed. We’re sorry, this is our first time and we didn’t know other people rode here.”
The two found themselves sitting with the old [Assassin] and soon, Ryoka was chewing on grapes, provided by the Djinni who was completely silent with this new guest. The [Assassin] was only too happy to give the two new riders the lowdown.
“Usually we keep to ourselves. Depends on the personality and group. Sometimes there are…rivals. But no one fights. No names are given. Myself, I introduce myself to anyone I don’t know.”
“Even us?”
He smiled.
“Especially you two. Anyone under thirty who can ride the Unmarked Coach might hire me. If you go through the Assassin’s Guild, you can mention me by appearance—or that I know you.”
“Oh. Well—I’m not into hiring [Assassins]…”
“Of course not. Just bear me in mind.”
