Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 40
Painted Antinium? Olesm glanced at Tersk.
“Is that what your Hive wants? More Painted Antinium, Tersk?”
“Yes.”
“No.”
Dekass and Tersk spoke at the same time. Tersk glowered at Dekass until the other Armored Prognugator clicked his mandibles.
“Oh. I was employing, ah, sarcasm. We do not want that at all. That would be entirely distressing and not our goal.”
Olesm rolled his eyes. He turned to Tersk.
“I’d like that too. But I was just saying to Dekass—morale seems terrible in the camp.”
Tersk peered around as Dekass muttered, ‘subterfuge successfully employed’ to himself.
“…I do not understand entirely, but I also comprehend your meaning, Commander. Calruz has expressed similar concerns. Can you elaborate? This is my failing as a leader to grasp. Your perspective as a non-Antinium is entirely valuable.”
Olesm raised his brows. Tersk was changing. He nodded around the camp and illuminated it all. It was so simple.
“They’re not angry.”
The [Acolytes] and Prognugators looked at Olesm. Tersk’s mandibles opened wide, but Dekass laughed.
“Why would they be?”
Olesm didn’t answer him. He turned to Theophilus.
“Acolyte Theophilus.”
“I am not an [Acolyte]. That class does not exist. I am a [Healer]. You cannot read my class.”
The Drake was getting sick of Antinium lies. He ignored that.
“When you…spoke to the Antinium this morning.”
“A morale-building exercise. It has nothing to do with—”
“Silence.”
The [Acolyte] fell silent, and the Commander glared at him. He spoke crisply.
“Why aren’t the Antinium angry? Why aren’t you angry? A thousand Antinium were killed. By Manus—or Hectval, if we want to go down the official line. Those Soldiers and Antinium? They lost their comrades. That Worker is the only one having a normal reaction.”
He pointed at Crusader 57 and saw the Antinium look up. Olesm received four middle fingers, but it just illustrated his point.
“Angry…?”
Theophilus looked at his two other [Acolytes]. It was Zimrah who replied in a lighter tone than Theophilus. She? She spoke to Olesm.
“Antinium die in the Hive every day, Commander. It is a terrible thing. I weep for it, though I have no tears to shed. I weep in my heart and pray for a day when no one will die again. However, even a newly-born Soldier and Worker knows it is coming. That is our tragedy, and why we dream of better days. We are not angry; this war is terrible, but no worse than how we live normally.”
Jerimy nodded, and Olesm recoiled. He had never heard an Antinium talk like that! Aside from perhaps Pawn. Yet he replied just as quickly.
“That’s wrong.”
Zimrah’s clasped hands unclasped for a moment, and Jerimy raised one hand.
“Respectfully, Commander, this is what Pawn teaches.”
“Not anger? He tells you not to be angry?”
The others hesitated. They conferred, antennae waving, and Theophilus replied.
“He is angry at Hectval. That anger is in us all, without a doubt.”
“But not towards the [Soldiers] who killed the [Crusaders]. Because Antinium expect to die. You’re not angry. You should be. They’re out there. Don’t you want revenge? Don’t you want justice?”
A few Antinium were listening in, Olesm knew. Zimrah opened and closed her mandibles.
“We cannot think like that, Commander Olesm.”
“Why not?”
The [Acolytes] conferred. It was Theophilus who raised his head slowly. He looked at Olesm, and the words were dragged out of him with less confidence than anything else he had said.
“Because…because if we were angry about our people dying. If we were angry that we were killed, that so many die…we would be too angry. We would be…so angry.”
