Interlude – Foliana
Page 21
Yerranola threw a pillow at him. Half the group was reclining on couches. The room was…plush. Kissilt was investigating a set of alcohol, snacks—anything one might want set upon the tables. There were curtains too, to cordon off the area, but Umina had noticed the doors that led to private rooms. She felt flushed, uncertain—but Marian was next to her and kept patting her on the shoulders.
“You don’t have to do anything, Umina. You can just…look.”
“Will there be anything to see?”
“Definitely. It’s uh—well, I’ve never been anywhere as nice as this, but I know we’re getting a show.”
Yerranola grinned at Umina. And she was right. The magical lighting in the room dimmed, and Umina caught a whiff of perfume. She froze, and the other students looked up. And then? Well, the first person to walk in was a Gnoll. He was bare-chested. Bare-legged. And an earthy smell hung about him. But he was far from unkempt. In fact, he looked like the most attractive Gnoll Umina had ever met. He grinned, his eyes alighting on the company.
He was professional, too. Unlike the [Receptionist], the Gnoll took no notice of Foliana individually. He just bowed.
“Ladies. Gentlemen. I’m delighted to make your acquaintance. I and my companions were told we had some significant guests. And beautiful ones too. My name is Herrsk. I’d like to get to know you, yes?”
He looked around. Umina saw him bow to Foliana, slightly. The Squirrel-woman was sitting up on a coach. She blinked at him.
“Mm. Hello.”
“Would you care for a drink, Lady Foliana? Or may we address you more…casually?”
The word casually rolled off his tongue, suggesting all kinds of things. Foliana blinked at him.
“Mm. No drinks. Casual is good.”
The Gnoll nodded. He turned, and smiled her way. A second person entered the room from behind the drapes. A female Lizardwoman. She had fiery red scales and tossed her head.
“And me?”
She presented herself to Foliana. The Squirrel-woman gave her a long look. So long that the Lizardwoman’s fiery façade wavered under the stare.
“Mm. No.”
Meanwhile, the Gnoll, Herrsk, was approaching the other females in the group. He bent, growling a greeting towards Feshi.
“Greetings, sister. It’s rare to see another Gnoll so far from home. What tribe are you from?”
“Weatherfur. I’m not interested, thank you.”
Feshi grinned warily at Herrsk. He nodded. Umina realized this was a choice being made. She jumped; her heart thudding even louder. Kissilt was fending off the female Lizardwoman, but with difficulty.
“I’m not interested in lizards.”
“Oh? And here I thought Drakes were more than talk. But I suppose if I scare you, I can find another friend.”
The Lizardwoman poked Kissilt in the chest. He flushed with outrage as Venaz laughed.
“I never said—”
“Ladies. Would you mind me keeping you company?”
Herrsk slid into a seat next to Umina and Marian. The two students looked at each other. Marian, clearly embarrassed, shook her head. Herrsk chuckled.
“We may have to split up the group setting. I think our [Receptionist], Seik, made a mistake. It’s not for everyone, yes? And you, Miss? Would you like to share a drink?”
He looked right at Umina. She stared at him, and stammered.
“I—no—we—we’re just with her. And I’m not here to do anything else!”
She flushed violently. Herrsk looked at Foliana. The Squirrel-woman was staring at another one of the escorts and absently shaking her head.
“Oh, yes. Lady Stalker herself. But don’t worry, Miss…?”
“Umina.”
