Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 71
It activated as Satar turned that wondrous page. She turned the page—
And the world vanished.
 
——
 
“Satar?”
Akrisa looked around for her daughter, but she saw nothing at all. Then—everything. She jerked with surprise and looked around.
Krshia Silverfang, staring, also looked around wildly. She turned—and nearly fell over. The Gnoll woman had an odd dress on. Akrisa looked down for her daughter…and saw something in front of her.
It was…a tiramisu tart. On a plate of white porcelain, and she was sitting in one of those precarious stools which crashed over as Krshia overbalanced and went down.
Everyone who saw it winced, and someone hurried over.
“Are you alright, Ma’am?”
Someone helped Krshia get up. The Gnoll got to her feet, dizzy.
“I’m fine. I’m fine, thank you…”
She stopped and stared at a polite young man wearing a server’s uniform, but in bright, monochrome cloth, with the little cafe’s emblem sewn onto it.
A young Human man. Akrisa stared at him and then around the cafe. Other diners looked at them. Her eyes fixed on a chalkboard where someone had spelled out all the food in what looked like…dollars?
She realized her clothing had changed too. She even had a handbag. Akrisa dug in it and found it was not a bag of holding but rather inconvenient. She pulled out green pieces of paper and stared at the number on them and the man staring back.
“What—where are we?”
Krshia staggered to her feet. The two Gnolls looked around—then caught sight of themselves in a mirror.
Two Human women stared back. Sisters. They looked around the cafe and then wandered out of it. They walked into the streets of a city and saw strange vehicles zooming past them. And everywhere they looked…
Were Humans. Most were going about their day. Some looked bored, or harassed, or angry or sad. Some were odd; others tried to blend in. There was a honking sound that made both Gnolls wince—and they looked overhead at a flying object that Krshia and Akrisa had only ever seen the wreckage of.
Akrisa stared up at a stoplight, and then Krshia pulled out her personal smartphone. She looked around at Humans.
Not at their best or worst. Not even caring about the two women. Someone in a giant fur-costume of a walking rat-thing moved past them. A Human, wearing it for reasons you could only guess at.
Humans at their weirdest. Humans at their finest. You could stop and talk to them, but they were probably busy.
Also, this was Los Angeles.
 
——
 
Inkar looked about and found she was lying on her back, staring up at the sky. She looked about and saw she was home. Home—and tears sprang to her eyes. There was no one around, though; she was in the middle of one of the rolling grasslands.
Only after a while did she see someone riding a horse around, poking it, checking the saddle, the gear. Chieftain Werri rode across the ground, looking up at the bright sky and laughing at how small it was.
 
——
 
Xherw jerked in his plane seat and tried to get up.
“Sir, stay seated until we’re at cruising altitude.”
A strange man in a uniform warned him. Ulcreziek looked about wildly as the two were crammed into tiny seats. Not even first class.
 
——
 
How did they know some things? It was like dream-logic. He knew the rules in vague, like ‘don’t walk into that street when the light is red’. However, seeing a traffic light was still a shock beyond shocks.
He looked upon Earth with fresh eyes, and everything else…fell to him. Yet he was not alone.
Adetr opened his eyes, and Rose was there. She was looking up at something.
“Come here, Adetr.”
