Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 36
Nothing would change, save that Relc Grasstongue was now in trouble, not the amiably-ignored outsider. He was not Erin Solstice, who could change things, even in small ways.
So why had he done it? Relc supposed it was because you had to. Or he’d never be able to walk in The Wandering Inn again, whether Erin was alive or dead.
“Relc. We need to talk. My place, after we sign out. Sundown.”
Possel called to Relc as the Drake rose. Relc glanced up at him. He nodded. He didn’t go back onto the street; Terigrals had him hold the desk instead.
 
—-
 
“Are you sure, Possel? He is the Gecko. That’s what they called him.”
Possel shrugged.
“So? Do you want to be Eisst the next time he decides he doesn’t like how we do things? We’re about to have riots and he’s throwing his weight around. Besides.”
He glanced around. There were nine Senior Guards in his private home. Possel, unlike Relc, had bought his own place. The other [Guards] were still wearing armor. They looked at each other.
It wasn’t really a debate, either. They moved to the stairs, the other rooms of the house, as Possel stood in the living room. Relc was coming. Possel waited.
And waited.
The sun went down. The Drake stood there, growing more impatient by the second. When the door’s bell—the actual bell on a hook—finally rang, he snapped.
“Come in!”
 
—-
 
If he was being honest, Relc did take his time. He walked the city. He had a light dinner. He thought about the future, and what he had done today, asked himself what Erin would say.
…He had no idea what she would say. He wasn’t good at coming up with new things.
Relc was not super-imaginative. He didn’t come up with crazy new ideas like putting acid flies in cookies. So, when he did come to Possel’s home two hours past sundown, he was wearing plain clothes, obviously not carrying his spear.
“Pos!”
He finally greeted the other Drake with his name. Pos smiled.
“Relc. You’re a bit late. Come in.”
Relc shrugged through the doorway. He still looked huge without his armor. Bigger than Pos, but he was smiling.
“You wanted to talk about today? Bad stuff with the [Guards].”
“Exactly. But can I get you anything to drink first? We need to talk, Relc. It seems we don’t see eye-to-eye after all.”
The Drake [Spearmaster] grinned and rolled his arm, then the other, as Possel walked towards his pantry. The living room was nice. Sofa, even a few magical trinkets—a bachelor’s place. Ah, yeah. Possel had mentioned that.
“Well, I am taller than you. No drinks. I’m gonna be quick.”
Pos laughed. The others, unseen, waited, tensed. Relc saw Possel swing around.
“The thing is, Relc—we can’t have it continue like this. You understand? Eisst has a temper. He’s a good [Guard], but he’d never make Senior Guardsman. That’s fine; you were right to stop him from killing that Gnoll. Prisoners too. But it’s the way you do it. We’re the Watch.”
“Yup. We’re the Watch. I’m Relc. You’re Pos.”
The other Drake’s grin slipped.
“I’m being serious, Relc. I want you to be serious for once in your Ancestors-damned life. Can you do that?”
Relc Grasstongue didn’t look around. He massaged his right shoulder, and nodded.
“Sure. I’m glad you asked to talk, Pos. Because listen—I was going to ask too, but my place is too cramped. I’ve been thinking.”
All Relc knew was routine. All Relc had was this: good boots, knowledge of how to swing a spear, his friends, his blacksmith puzzles, and his daughter. He didn’t know how to fix any of this.
So he just did what he’d do. The Drake scratched at the scales on one arm.
“You don’t like Gnolls that much.”
“I’m fine with—”
