Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 26
He pointed. Yellow Splatters didn’t ask questions. The two charged, scattering the Humans before they could revive their friends. Numbtongue grabbed at a potion, twisted an arm out of its socket. Took a fist to the face. He snarled, kicked out, and hit a Human in the groin. It was a woman so she didn’t fall down from that alone. A second kick to the same spot dislocated her hip.
Numbtongue whirled, dodging another knife. He grabbed the arm and swung his elbow as hard as he could into the face that followed when he yanked. He cursed as he looked for Yellow Splatters, twisting out of the way of another Human and throwing him into his friends. This wasn’t how Redfangs fought! They outnumbered their enemies! And Numbtongue hadn’t brought his sword or his guitar.
He felt two—three pairs of hands grab him from behind. Cursing, the Hobgoblin struck backwards, but they were holding him still. And in front of him, a Human with a crossbow was aiming it. Real weapons. Numbtongue struggled as the man sighted, ignoring the peril to his comrades. He aimed at Numbtongue’s stomach—and a Human man standing next to him lifted the bolt out of the bow. The [Crossbowman] gaped—and the [Enforcer] stabbed the tip of the bolt into his chest and twisted.
The hands holding Numbtongue slackened for a moment in surprise. Numbtongue twisted, saw the first Human and leaned over and bit. The screaming woman clutched at her shoulder. The other Humans started back too late. Numbtongue yanked a head down into his knee and turned around. The man who’d stabbed the [Crossbowman] stepped past the downed archer; the crossbow was busted, having been slammed into the man’s chest until both bones and frame broke. He tipped his cap to Numbtongue and smiled.
“Pardon me, sirs. Saw you were in a bit of a scrap. And I’m afraid my fellows wouldn’t forgive me letting this rude lot go.”
So saying, he drew the object at his side and turned. An outraged [Footpad] with a garroting wire staggered back and Numbtongue saw his nose was broken. The [Enforcer] adjusted his cap, and then stepped forwards smartly.
He was quick. And as ruthless as any Goblin. The man stomped, broke the screaming [Footpad]’s foot, and knocked him flat with a blow from the leather sap he carried. Numbtongue stared as he turned around.
“Back.”
Numbtongue whirled, and his elbow caught a woman across the head. She went down in a moment. Absently, the Hob grabbed a man and put him in a choke-hold, keeping him in front of the man’s buddies while he watched the mysterious Human set to the people around him. What was he carrying?
A sap. It was a bit of leather filled with something heavy, extending the [Enforcer]’s reach by only a hand’s length. It wasn’t a tool any Goblin would use. But here? On these streets? The [Enforcer]’s hands were almost too quick to see! He was striking people with the sap, multiple times each second, elbow, arm, fingers, jaw—he stepped back as a burly man swung past him with a cleaver. The Brother raised his sap and stepped into the man with the cleaver’s guard.
“[Shatter Blows].”
His sap struck the helpless [Rogue] across the chest, the arm, the face. Numbtongue could hear bones breaking with each strike. The [Rogue] fell down. Numbtongue realized the Human he was holding was unconscious. He let go, ducked a swing, grabbed a leg, yanked up. It was easy to kick the Human on the ground.
Someone came at Numbtongue from behind, but they disappeared. Numbtongue whirled. And Yellow Splatters tossed the Human aside. Numbtongue looked up at the Soldier. And he saw Yellow Splatters turn.
“Cover me.”
