Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 47
That was enough. The Centenium moved for the exit. The other six were already blurs, and shouts and screams filled the air as they left the throne room so fast the Demons outside thought it was a prelude to war. Silvenia shot after the Bard of the Antinium as he moved after them.
“What is happening? Wait! Wait! What about our reinforcements?”
He stopped only once, and spoke to the Deathless, the Demons, Flora, as they poured out after the Antinium retreating to fight—something. Their old enemy.
“Our kin on Izril. Tell them we are waiting. We cannot wait long. Not anymore.”
Czkelcill stopped a moment. Looked at Silvenia, dead in her eyes. He nodded.
“If we fall, flee.”
Then he was gone, racing back the way he had come. Leaving the Demons bereft of their allies and fearing, with a mystery. What had happened?
 
——
 
“What is it doing?”
That was the question. It had nearly died. All of Rhir had stirred, as, provoked by footsteps, even in the lands of the dead…
Yet it was insane. That was what worried the others. If they could have, the two would have found all five so they could worry together. Of the six, and they all had foibles, strengths and faults, this one was the most…most…
Unpredictable. It walked past the broken lands of Rhir, now. Not close to Drath; Drath was dangerous in death. But further onwards.
Distance had meaning, but here it could be crossed faster, although time had less understanding too. They followed, watching.
Further still. Over sea, as the last large landmasses faded away into the distance. Past islands, bare pieces of land. Some were tiny rocks, and furthest out, closest to that edge of the world was where the furthest Earther had arrived.
Yet. That was not what it sought. Not that island. Not the living, waking world.
Something else. At last, the two, Huntress and Dancing Man could bear it no longer. Because they feared this inevitable conclusion. It would be beyond insanity. Yet if any of them were of kind and nature to do this…
“Norechl. What are you planning? Come back! This is madness. Even for us. Do you not know what lies there?”
So he called the name of it. And at last, with a kind of gleeful malice, it turned.
Norechl. A being with no face, though they could be anything. No features. No real shape to body, like Tamaroth. It did not change like Kasigna. It was…
Nothing. Nothing concrete. The absence of something. It was not of leaders.
It ruled…nothing. It was of lost things. It was of lost things, and that was what you understood. Lost things, dark places, where the forgotten lay.
Norechl stood there, on the rushing waters, over something that warped even this land of death itself. No ghost would ever emerge from the depths. Here was the end of the world.
The Last Tide? No, the Last Tide was what lay up to it. But that darkness past the edge, as waters roared downwards in a forever torrent. Norechl peered down there.
“Don’t go closer.”
The Huntress grabbed the Dancing Man. They were afraid. But just as afraid of…
“Do not. You will ruin all. We will overcome them. There is no point to victory—and this would be no victory if nothing remains. Not even us!”
The Dancing Man warned Norechl. All he got in return was…
A smile. A terrible, malicious smile. A smile with no face.
The exact same smile it had given as it beheld the stolen umbrella, that sword. It turned as the Dancing Man moved forwards, taking a risk—
“Do not—”
—And fell over the edge.
