Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 16
“I didn’t think you were that tactless, your Majesty. Hardly. Sariant Lambs are parasites—just not shaped like them. Parasites for people and culture, not animals. Is it a surprise [Witches] don’t care for such things, as lovely as their appearance might be?”
Parasites? Laken Godart glanced over. He heard a whuff, and then a caw. Instantly, he held out an arm—winced—
Frostwing landed on his shoulder, having taken off from her usual perch of Bismarck. The Mossbear and bird had both come over to investigate the noises. Instantly, one of the Sariant Lambs broke off from the crowd, and approached Bismarck. The bear sat back on its haunches, but then stared as the little Sariant Lamb made an approximation of a growl, like a bear. Only, cute.
It came over, inspected his paw, and to Laken’s amazement, found a little thorn that had been troubling the Mossbear and pulled it out with its teeth. Bismarck instantly perked up, bent to nuzzle the little lamb, and everyone was doubly impressed.
“It even got the bear. Let’s kill them when everyone’s asleep.”
Laken heard Witch Agratha mutter. He turned.
“Just what is the problem? That seemed like a wholesome interaction.”
A line of angry [Witches] turned to face the [Emperor], arms folded. It was Wiskeria who gave the explanation Laken needed.
“They seem nice now, Laken. But they’re buying your affection. In a week? They won’t be as ‘helpful’. They’ll demand feeding, petting at all hours, or they’ll start crying. In a month? Half of Riverfarm will be fighting to win their affections. They’ll turn households against each other, starve all your pets, and if the empire collapses, they’re on their way.”
The [Emperor]’s head turned. He could not see the Sariant Lambs, and perhaps that was a good thing. But suddenly—Laken Godart wondered if the ‘smiles’ the Sariant Lambs were apparently giving to the Humans were actually more like disguised smirks. He stepped back and looked at Wiskeria.
“Tell me more.”
 
—-
 
“There’s a rhyme for the little [Witches]. ‘A good [Witch] adds more than they take. Even the bad one takes, and uses it to create. A [Witch] who leaves naught at all is a mistake.’ Compared to us—yon lambs? Parasites, more like.”
Hedag laid out the fundamental difference between Sariant Lambs and [Witches] like that. [Witches] used emotions. So did the lambs.
The difference was that Sariant Lambs had zero qualities of their own. Their wool was fluffy and had market value, but like sheep, they were incapable of shearing it themselves and suffered if it grew too much.
Their tiny size meant that Sariant Lambs could neither run, nor actually obtain food that easily. Sheep, for all they were herbivores, had a number of survival mechanisms.
There were no rams among Sariant Lambs—they had both genders, but both were cute and cuddly despite age. The way they survived was by finding someone else to protect, house, and feed them.
If that seemed like a stupid self-defense mechanism, well, Laken saw all seventy lambs already being fought over as people wanted to have one in their homes—no, two! And it didn’t stop at people.
“Sariant Lambs can get anything to like them. You saw your bear? Well, they’ve done that kind of thing to no less than Wyverns.”
Laken turned to the [Witches].
“Ridiculous.”
Wiskeria just snorted.
“I wish. They’re not big enough to be even a mouthful. They’re exceptionally intelligent; they can understand what you say, and they can make themselves useful and beloved. For a while. There are cases of Wyverns protecting the stupid things, even fetching plants to feed the lambs.”
