Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 11
If he had one interesting quality, it was that his movement Skills were second to none; his caravan had caught up with Igheriz’s and nearly passed them; despite having [Slaves] walking behind the wagons, they seemed to step half as far again with each motion than Igheriz’s group.
The second thing was that Hrome took one look at Pisces as Igheriz greeted him and recognized him.
“Do you see the fortune that fell into my lap, Great Friend Hrome? What else are you bringing to Roshal of interest?”
They were swapping tales and information, and—comparing slaves. Rather like [Mages] compared artifacts or spells. Hrome’s eyes widened.
“I ran into a bit of luck myself—but nothing half so amazing as this! That’s Pisces! From the Village of the Dead!”
The [Necromancer] looked up as all of Hrome’s people glanced at him and then he began to understand what worldwide fame meant. Hrome turned to Igheriz at once.
“Caravan Master Igheriz. I know this may be inopportune and you have many clients who might want to bid for him—but could I make you an offer for Pisces? I would place him among my people! I could offer you twenty—thirty thousand gold at this very moment!”
Igheriz laughed and held up his hands.
“No, no, Hrome. I plan to sell Pisces for far more than that.”
“Fifty thousand. Fifty thousand and each [Slave] I have. Look—I have this one. A [Bandit Lady], Merr the Storm! I purchased her from a city not three days ago—”
Hrome hurried over to the most valuable slave in his collection, a vicious-looking woman who bared her teeth defiantly. Igheriz looked amused.
“Friend Hrome, you have good eyes, but not enough money! I do not say this to be rude; come, let us ride together and you may talk with Pisces. There is safety among the fellows of Roshal, after all!”
They were both from Roshal, and thus had a level of trust amongst them. Hrome kept trying to buy Pisces; he went up to eighty thousand gold pieces, which included most of his caravan, a princely sum even for a Gold-rank! All for Pisces, whom he seemed to regard as a minor hero. When he failed to tempt Igheriz, although the number did make the Stitch-man hesitate, Hrome went to asking Pisces about the battle.
“You defeated how many Skeleton Lords? Eight? With your sword? How was it done? I thought I saw you disintegrate their bones—I have a recording!”
He was simply a fan. Ironically, neither he nor Pisces knew he had missed another Horn of Hammerad, but the attention let Pisces fill the day and learn more. Unfortunately—Hrome also meant that by the time they were camped, Pisces was on auction.
The Human [Slave Trader] had a [Mage], unlike Igheriz, who relied on Azam and spell scrolls. He sent word to Roshal that Pisces had been captured and would be sold. Unusually, bidding had already begun even as they struck camp.
“Ah, you see, Hrome! This is why I took none of your offers, even when you offered me everything! I thank you for your [Mage].”
Delighted, Igheriz strode about the camp, eyes lit up with greed and self-satisfaction. Hrome nodded, looking envious as the [Mage] shouted numbers and names with increasing fervor.
“They are already bidding, Caravan Masters! Within the first moment, the Emir Hestute, upon learning such a famed person was being auctioned, declared he would buy Pisces outright for ninety thousand gold! At once! If you so will it.”
“Hah! A rich opening bid. No. I wait.”
Igheriz was right to. Because for the rest of that night and the next day, the bidding wars began in earnest. By the time Pisces slept, he had been valued at over four hundred thousand gold pieces.
 
—-
 
