Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 26
She looked around. Some adventurers were in the inn. Bevussa, Keldrass—and some who’d fought there. The Ensoldier Shields and Walt glanced up.
“They fought and won. But a lot of people died. [Mages], adventurers. The Horns were one of the groups. But they fought. All of them. Calruz was the first one into the inn.”
“What’s your point?”
That question came from the front. Erin searched the crowd, saw an angry face.
“Just this. It happened. All those things. The good and the bad. And tonight, we’re going to remember that. I don’t know if you’ve heard, but I’ve got a little Skill. So—tonight—I’m remembering that. And this is what I remember.”
Erin took her hands from around her back. And there it was.
A pink glow. The color of glory and mercy and forgiveness and redemption and triumph and sorrow.
It was such a tiny thing. Erin stared at it. Happiness to her was purple. And sadness blue. Was happiness that close to sadness? Did it work like that? Why was glory pink?
But it wasn’t gold. The white, painful light in the center made people shade their eyes. But it was such a tiny flame. Most in the inn couldn’t see it. The little fuchsia flame wavered as if it might go out at any second. So Erin stepped back—
And she cast it into the fireplace.
The merry orange flames changed color in an instant. The bright, harsh, warm, glow, lit up the inn. Her guests cried out in astonishment. And Erin saw the light grow.
And so did the shadows. The light of the magic fire of glory had a strange effect. For all it shone and was even painful to look at, it lengthened the shadows as much as it cast light. So it was bright as day and dark as night.
“Glory.”
The young woman stood with her back to the fire. She caught some on her fingertips. Catching it without being burned.
She didn’t know she could do that. But she was acting on instinct, now. There was a thundering in her chest, a burning in her veins. And the fire shot from fireplace to fireplace.
Now the inn was basked in the light. And it was not gentle. It was warm. But not all looked at it with fond memory.
Some flinched away from the burning light. They fled it, leaving. But most stayed. It was beautiful to many.
Frightening to others. Watch Captain Zevara was one. She flinched away, staring with fear at the bright, shadowed glow. And Zevara whispered a word.
“Skinner.”
The young woman turned. Her eyes shone as she held the magenta flame. Slowly, she walked over to the bar. And Zevara beheld in her Skinner. She remembered the rotting thing.
But also, the sight of a tribe of Goblins standing over its corpse. An inn that stood. The Workers who stood with the Black Tide as they crushed the undead and saved her city.
Both things at once. One might outweigh the other at times, but neither was complete alone. That was what glory was, to Erin.
And it called her. Slowly, she looked across the bar.
“Pour me a drink, Drassi. Something that burns.”
The Drake [Bartender] stared at Erin. Slowly, she filled a tumbler with Firebreath Whiskey. Erin looked at it.
“No. Not right.”
Her mind was shimmering. Something was calling to her. She looked at the glass, at the fire in her hands. She was missing something. Drass looked past her and whispered.
“Erin.”
The young woman looked down. A little furry paw reached up. And Erin saw a little faerie flower.
Saliss and Xif stared. The room stared as Erin took the flower out of Mrsha’s grasp. And the little Gnoll looked up, waiting. Erin stared at the flower. At her fire.
