Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 19
The Hobgoblin eyed the [Alchemist]’s smile warily. He sniffed the air and frowned. Then he leaned around her and spotted the puddle of potions. His eyes widened. Octavia glanced at him and then the [Thug].
“Oh, that? Don’t worry about it. Minor spill. What can I do you for? Is uh, Erin—”
“In her inn. She’ll come later. We want to buy a potion. We have…money.”
Numbtongue waved vaguely at the Antinium Soldier. Octavia backed up a step as she saw the Soldier towering over her. Was it her or was this fellow big even for an Antinium?
“Uh—well, uh—a Soldier? I’m happy to sell to all customers, but how do I know what he wants? What you want? Does he have a name?”
Too late, Octavia remembered. You weren’t supposed to ask Antinium their names! She froze, but the Soldier nodded and opened his mandibles.
“Yellow Splatters. I was reborn and given a voice. I am looking to purchase as many potions as possible for this amount of money.”
He opened his money pouch. Octavia’s jaw dropped at the gold and silver glittering there. She could sell—her eyes darted to the [Thug].
“Great! I mean, wonderful! I—I can definitely sell you whatever you need. And, hey did you say Erin’s coming through?”
“In a bit. What’s this?”
Numbtongue replied absently. Octavia glanced at the potion he was indicating.
“Pepperspray Potion. Uh—listen, Numbtongue—”
“Miss Octavia! You’re gonna close up shop soon, right?”
The [Thug] called out from where he was standing. Octavia’s heart sank. He was eying her as he pretended to browse the shelves. And fingering the dagger on his belt. She looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin had a frown on his face as he looked at the [Thug]. Octavia inhaled.
She could tell him. But what if he said no? If it was Ceria, or Pisces, or Yvlon—not Ksmvr—she might have risked it. But she could see more people slowly advancing down the street. And Numbtongue? The Hobgoblin? Weakly, Octavia realized that the [Thug] was going to make her chase out Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters. And Erin too.
Erin. Oh no. If she came by and started a fight, he’d knife her. This wasn’t any tough. They’d crippled Jeffil. And they were going to take her potions. How many did he say there were? Fifteen? Octavia looked at Numbtongue. The Soldier. Then she thought of Erin. If Erin got into a fight and they drew their weapons—
The sigh that escaped the [Alchemist]’s mouth was slow and long. And she wiped her eyes across her stained sleeve once. That was all. Then she gave Numbtongue a big smile.
“Actually, you came here just in time, Numbtongue. I’m doing a clearance sale. Reorganizing my stock. Whatever you want—it’s half-off. Tell me what you need and I’ll get it to you.”
The Hobgoblin did a double-take. So did the Soldier. He looked at her suspiciously.
“Really? Is this a…trick?”
Octavia had to admit that she’d never done a sale like that without some kind of trick. But today she just spread her hands wide.
“Nope! Let me get you your potions. I think Erin’ll have to wait on coming through; let’s do business before she gets here. Okay?”
“Are you sure?”
The Hobgoblin’s response was so normal, that Octavia wavered. She looked over her shoulder. And she tried to think of a code, something he could relay to Erin. But she was sure that the [Thug] would pick up on anything obvious like that.
“Just grand, Numbtongue. Just grand. What can I do for you?”
