Interlude – Rufel
Page 12
Two, dancing like one person. Erin looked at them, smiling. Longing. But content to watch. So did Lyonette, until Pawn nervously approached. Then Lyonette looked at Mrsha and the little Gnoll waved her on. She sat on Moore’s lap as he watched, truly, gently, envious.
“I would like to understand that before I die.”
Ksmvr spoke softly from where he sat with his team. It startled the others. But the Antinium was just watching the dancing. Yvlon looked up. She paused, and nodded quietly.
“Me too. But someday. Perhaps. It’s hard, with how we live.”
She felt at her arms, still encased in steel, though she’d taken off the rest of her armor. Neither one looked at Ceria. But the half-Elf still felt their attention. She cleared her throat.
“I—well, I’ve got time. Half-Elves don’t worry about that until we’re in our eighties. At least, if we’re born in a traditional village. Falene’s more likely to be looking about. And I’m aiming to succeed as an adventurer. Right?”
Ceria’s ears twitched a bit as she avoided the question. She self-consciously looked to her right. Pisces was sitting there, his drink mostly empty. The [Necromancer] watched Rufelt and Lasica. Selys had grabbed a Drake she knew; Drassi was dancing with Ishkr. And he shrugged, his face outwardly impassive.
“I am content with being alone. I, like many, have made my choice. If I truly thought love were essential to my happiness, I would be miserable.”
His team looked at him. Yvlon shook her head.
“You could have decided not to be a [Necromancer].”
Pisces smirked, but quietly. And there was no bite to his reply. But there was certainty.
“But would I have been true to myself, or living a lie? I would rather seek truer love.”
Yvlon paused, frowning.
“How? You’re not exactly throwing yourself out there. Or making a good impression.”
“If I were to find someone, it would be someone who accepts what I am. But again, I am not seeking it.”
Sometimes Ceria wanted to punch Pisces for always having a response. But right now she just envied the certainty he could project, real or fake. If it was a lie…she looked sideways at him and she realized he was tracking Rufelt and Lasica now. As attentively as Ksmvr. Pisces spoke slowly.
“It is a glorious spectacle for those who find it. Rare as it may be.”
The Horns of Hammerad could only nod at that. Ceria looked at the dancing pairs. She muttered into her drink.
“…Showoffs.”
“True.”
Yvlon laughed. Then she got up and held out a hand. Ksmvr stared. He stared blankly at Yvlon until Pisces kicked him.
“Me?”
“You wanted to learn it before you die, Ksmvr. Come on. I’ll teach you to dance.”
“But I am not married. I would not like to be perceived as immodest.”
“Ksmvr—”
Yvlon laughed. She pulled the Antinium up. Ceria blinked. She looked at Pisces. And realized he was gone. He was getting up, walking towards the stairs. And he never made it. Ceria stared and then realized she was alone. She looked around. At a blue Drake sitting by himself. But she ended up sitting, even when Moore and Mrsha joined the floor. And sometimes that happened too.
 
—-
 
They stopped dancing when they were done. Not because the bar demanded it. Rufelt would happily burn the bar if it was that or Lasica. Especially because it wasn’t his bar in this inn. But he went back because they were done. And he served drinks with a [Bartender]’s smile while his own hid inside his head.
