Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 4
That was how he could imagine it. Red, if there was a color. Not that it was a color; it was more like a pulsating, sear of…intensity. Thus, red. Like crimson blood. Like a heartbeat.
 
[Slave Level 3.]
[Skill – Master’s Sympathy obtained!]
 
[Condition: Famous Name obtained.]
 
Pisces had learned the secret that you could refuse classes you didn’t like long ago as a boy. But he had never known there were classes you couldn’t refuse. And—condition?
Igheriz had just laughed when Pisces had asked, those first few days when he had all the questions and no strength to walk.
“Ah, there are classes and things Terandria and your fabulous Human kingdoms have forgotten, Pisces. Conditions? Well, let us say your ‘red’ class will remain until you make peace! Then it will be much better for you and change. As for conditions…this is hardly the worst that you can receive, so be grateful! For I am a generous man, and will deliver you to Roshal on a bed of roses—without thorns!—unless you force me otherwise.”
Aside from the bed of roses part, Pisces had to admit, this was not the worst treatment for the last week and a half. But then—he’d only been conscious the last four or so days, rather than slipping in and out as his body recovered.
He suspected it could get worse, yet so far he was only marched at a steady pace all day. He rode in a second line of slaves now and then, to rest, and if he had wanted, he could have rode as well in the wagons. Food was not terrible, and he was not whipped. Igheriz had even stopped their progress for Pisces.
The biggest imposition to date was not knowing if his team was alive or not. Pisces suffered from nightmares waking and sleeping about if they were alive, if he had doomed them to oblivion caught in limbo or they had woken up somewhere worse than he was for his foolish decision. There had been no time! He had simply used the location Az’kerash had given him and…
They had bounced off Khelt. Pisces remembered that too. Some kind of anti-teleportation barrier? Once again, he cursed himself.
He had told them to go to the Village of the Dead, to find the Helm of Fire and persuade Az’kerash to revive Erin. He had activated the scroll, hadn’t stopped them from entering the heart of the city and rousing the Putrid One’s greatest servant. He might have gotten his team killed.
The worst thing in the world was knowing what might have been, and knowing how stupid you were. Unfortunately, Igheriz had recognized Pisces because he had a scrying orb, because he was rich.
Thusly—he could tell Pisces day by day news from home, perhaps to mock Pisces, or perhaps in the genuine feeling he was helping in some way.
Pisces kept thinking about ‘if,’ mumbling out loud to himself.
“They found the Helm of Fire. We could have stopped. Recovered it. We’d all be safe. We could have gone to Wistram. Why didn’t I ask for Wistram? Wait, you can’t teleport there. Or—Silvaria. He had to know somewhere in Silvaria.”
“Who knew about Silvaria? You mean teleporting? Serves you right, eh? If a giant monster was chasing me, I’d have teleported it.”
Pisces turned his head to see who had retorted. He heard a grunt from ahead, and the man with the flabby neck looked back. By now, Pisces knew some of his ‘companions’, fellow slaves who tended to be put in the same spot to avoid fights.
“Would that have worked?”
