Interlude – The Hangover After
Page 6
The explosion made even Numbtongue pause. The flash and sound made everyone duck. But then—they stared.
A bottle filled with a bright, eye searing light was lying in the grass. The light blazed, and then—suddenly—the glass turned black. Opaque, hiding the bottled lightning.
“Gotcha!”
Saliss snapped his claws. Everyone stared at him. Even Numbtongue. Octavia stared.
“How—?”
The Drake turned. He picked up the bottle and tucked it into his bag of holding. In defiance of physics, the Drake [Alchemist] winked.
“In case you forgot—I’m the best naked, dancing [Alchemist] this world has ever seen. And I really like this inn.”
He nodded to Octavia.
“I’ll teach you to do that when you’re older. But it’s a long way to the true top. For me, too. I still have to figure out how to do that for rainbows.”
He laughed. And turned.
“Sorry, Numbtongue. Just wanted to get some for free. Don’t mind me.”
“Sure.”
The Hobgoblin had stopped playing. The Drake Named Adventurer had literally stolen his thunder. And lightning. But now, he glanced around.
The Sage’s Grass glowed red in the meadow. Wailant and Viceria had planted it all. The Hobgoblin walked carefully between the glowing plants. And then, casually, he began to riff on the guitar.
Solo. His claws began to move, playing a slower beat. And then faster. Faster. Erin saw Numbtongue’s fingers began to blur. And she felt it again.
Power. In the inn. It was gathering around the [Bard]. Electricity became his strings, and it began earthing around him.
Above him, the skies turned black. The charge in the air made Mrsha back up. Saliss blinked upwards.
“I only really needed one—”
Another bolt of lightning fell. It hit the ground just outside the inn, scaring the daylights out of a Rock Crab. Then another bolt flashed down. Another. In quick succession.
“No way.”
Erin stared at Numbtongue. He wasn’t supposed to be able to do that! He could only call down one bolt every few minutes if he played constantly! But this—she felt it again.
Then she stared at Numbtongue. And she realized. He was just a conduit. The Goblin stared at her and Saliss. And she realized he’d felt it first, before all the other [Mages]. Before her, even.
Lightning cascaded down, around the inn. An electric, drumming beat. And it came from the guitar. But the power behind it—came from the grass. From the very air.
Magic ran through the inn. The guitar flashed, and the Hobgoblin laughed in the storm. For a minute. The lightning crashed as he finished, and the guitar sang like thunder.
Then Numbtongue lowered the guitar, panting. He looked around. And Erin saw the Sage’s Grass glowing bright.
“Whoa.”
Montressa stared at Numbtongue. Palt slowly stared about.
“There’s so much ambient mana—dead gods. It could charge the door.”
“Ever seen a Sage’s Grass field, kids? What do you think it did? This charge’ll do more than fill the door, even if that’s most of where it goes. But show em, Viccy!”
Wailant laughed. His wife smiled. She drew her wand and flicked it.
“I’m not good at telekinetic spells. But I can do this.”
She pointed. And Erin saw Mrsha, trying to make a little mudball…float. Bird stared as the Gnoll floated by his head, waving her arms and shouting silently. Mrsha stared. And then she tried to swim in the air. Viceria obligingly floated her through the rain, over the Sage’s Grass.
Everyone stared.
“Oh…Bird? You could fly. Bird? You could—”
