Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 0

(A podcast talking about The Last Tide is out, featuring one of our Discord moderators, Blue Juice! Check it out here!)
 
War had come to Terandria. Ailendamus vs the Dawn Concordat.
It was one of several wars in the world. But this was an actual war on the ground, rather than a war in treaty only. There were a few ‘wars’ that had been going on for centuries by kingdoms removed far from each other. For instance, Khelt was technically at war with about six Terandrian Kingdoms.
But no one was marching armies. Ailendamus was. The first forces had already moved across Kaliv’s border, torching, raiding, fighting with the Griffin patrols. Already, the Wing of Shame, led by the infamous Griffin Prince of Kaliv, had fought several unofficial battles with Ailendamus’ forces.
The Dawn Concordat was still mobilizing armies. As was Ailendamus, in many ways. This would not be as short as the Forty Six Minute War of historical fame. Both sides were preparing for an extended conflict that might deplete resources. Ailendamus did not want to make a point, or stop at humiliating their opponents, or grabbing a single border spot.
They intended to go all the way. Or so many like Knight-Commander Calirn feared. Ailendamus had swallowed two kingdoms whole already. Absorbing the Dawn Concordat might make them a Terandrian superpower, the first in a millennia.
Who would stand against Ailendamus at the moment, though? Pheislant? Noelictus? Ailendamus had fought both in strictly non-war settings and beaten both in actual wars. The other kingdoms danced on the edge, a parody of the Reim-Jecrass conflict. Although Ailendamus had made it clear that even indirect aid would put a target on any other kingdom’s back.
Still. Still—the Dawn Concordat was not alone. There were always brave souls, people who would champion a cause against great odds. Crusaders of orders founded to take up causes.
[Knights].
 
—-
 
The first [Spring Knight] went flying past the landing party that had disembarked from The Narwhal’s Bow, an Ailendamus Galleon-class ship. The officers and [Sailors] stared.
[Knights] did not normally fly. Nor did the figure in green armor seem capable of unaided flight. And as it turned out—nor had he flown by himself.
“Escape attempt!”
One of the [Sailors] shouted belatedly. The temporary military camp beyond was abuzz with shouting. The [Knights] were trying to escape!
The Order of Season’s armor shone with the colors of summer on another [Knight]. A Summer Knight, resplendent in yellow and orange, was fighting with a sword, keeping a group at bay.
They’d made an escape attempt at last, after having recovered from the battle at sea. The fact that they’d been allowed to keep their armor on had been a grave mistake; a group of two dozen [Knights] fought forwards, shouting.
“The Order of Seasons! To the horses!”
A female voice—another Summer Knight—was leading the lot. The navy hesitated. They weren’t at sea and [Knights]? The [First Mate] of the ship, who’d come personally, raised a hand.
“Bows! Hit them in the legs—”
Some of the [Sailors] aimed, forming a defensive circle around the officers. But they never got a chance to join the [Soldiers] in their fight.
Another [Knight] was fighting with a mace and shield, battering down a [Soldier]’s guard. He raised the mace to deliver the final blow and turned as he saw something barreling at him. He whirled, placing his shield—
