Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 36
But…ah. One moment’s cruelty or carelessness and it changed this cat’s life. Nsiia closed her eyes. She wished she had the [Boneweaver Druids] of Tiqr, or access to A’ctelios’ [Fleshshapers]. She might have summoned them for a wounded Grand Elephant and persuaded them to heal the many injuries when they came. But both were gone. The [Druids] had left after leaving half their Circle dead.
All she could do was this. So Nsiia walked—until she came to a door in the center of the palace.
This door was different from all the others. It looked…magnificent. Nsiia felt the power and the cat—sensed it too. It hissed softly; cats could avoid many magic traps.
“I know. It’s only a warding spell, little one. But the power…”
Nsiia marveled at it. She looked over her shoulder—the [Guard] patrol wavered as they saw here there.
“Empress—that room is—”
“Off-limits? Dangerous?”
They debated. One of the other [Guards] stepped forwards.
“Only the First Crafters and Magus-Crafter may access it, Empress.”
“I see.”
She walked over to the door and tried the handle. It was not locked.
“Empress!”
“I will just look around.”
She closed the door in their faces. They hurried after her, but didn’t come in. She heard them debating loudly. They clearly knew what was in this room, but were too afraid to trespass. Nsiia looked ahead.
The room was dark. Not just ‘shadowed’ or ‘black’, but devoid of light. The cat—whom Nsiia had decided to call Yinah, made an uncertain sound.
“It is dark. You can’t see any more than I can, can you?”
No. The cat didn’t like it. It asked Nsiia to turn back. The Empress was about to.
“[Light]. Let me just…[Light].”
The spell didn’t work. Nsiia frowned. Her magic was being suppressed. Why? She reached for the doorknob…
“You are not a Crafter of Illivere. You must be the Empress of Beasts they tell me about. Stay a moment, Nsiia of Tiqr.”
A voice from the darkness. Nsiia whirled. The cat made a sound. Neither had sensed something in the room!
But it was not a…breathing thing that spoke. A light appeared. A single crystal shining down, illuminating a stark room of stone. And sitting on a single marble pedestal was…
A Golem’s head.
It was large. Made of that perfect ceramic the Golem Horses had been made of. It was looking at Nsiia.
Perhaps it had been painted, once. But if it had been—Nsiia stared. The head was neither Human. Nor Garuda or Stitchfolk. It was…stylized. Human…ish. If a Human had a different bone structure. More Half-Elven in places. And horns? Not Minotaur horns…
One was broken. The strange Golem looked beautiful, nevertheless. A face unparalleled in beauty. A strange creature. It had been broken again—at the neck. It lay on its side. When it spoke—the lips moved.
“Greetings.”
Yinah tried to climb over Nsiia to get away. The woman soothed the animal. But she did not approach the head.
“What are you?”
The face smiled.
“If you do not know, you were not invited here. But you are not being pursued, so you have wandered in accidentally. Ergo, you are still a guest. And you must know what I am.”
Nsiia stared. The voice was so knowing. So…she felt her skin crawling. She vocalized the only answer.
“You’re a thinking Golem.”
The head smiled.
“Correct.”
The room lit up. Yinah and Nsiia both blinked in the light. And Nsiia saw—around the room that there was color. It was a bare stone floor, windowless. But someone had drawn…a mural around the room?
