Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 13
Earl Altestiel, the cunning [Knight Marshal of the Rains] had made his move and cemented himself in the annals of guests to the inn. At the very least, he’d managed to render Erin Solstice speechless.
And yet, Selys couldn’t help but feel that this was all hilarious. At last! At last—she looked at Drassi, who’d rushed over at the news.
At last, here was some earth-shaking drama that demanded all their attention…that wasn’t actual death or monsters.
Because it was a big deal! Even if it wasn’t an Earl, that had been a dramatic scene. And as a consequence, Erin’s allies had flooded out of the woodwork.
Ah—to be more specific, it was Drassi, Selys, Montressa, Bezale—it would have been Krshia if she were still here—Visma, Mrsha…Lasica, Lyonette, and even Viceria!
Reinforcements for the wayward [Innkeeper]. Okay—some of the reinforcements might not be as helpful, but the female gender had come to Erin’s defense.
If only to buy time from the Earl’s dramatic statement. He seemed content to give Erin a few minutes—it had been twenty—and word was spreading.
Selys wondered what his next move would be. He had been, in her opinion, exceptionally clever in how he’d gotten Erin to agree to even let him court her. Just getting past that hurdle had stopped…
She glanced past Erin, who was talking with the others, and saw a bunch of heads immediately turn.
There they were. The usual suspects. The people who’d taken the news the most seriously. All the ‘might-have-beens’, the ‘not-yets’, or the maybes.
Palt. Olesm. Numbtongue? Yes, Numbtongue! And for some reason, Dawil.
“Dawil?”
Selys frowned. The Dwarf had come with the Silver Swords and arrived at Invrisil after their dramatic fight with the [Assassins]. The Dwarf was stroking his beard.
“Why are you here?”
Olesm hissed at the Dwarf. Dawil eyed him.
“Why are you here? I thought you were hooked up with Maviola El?”
“I’m not! I mean—I am! I’m just here to—to watch the Earl fail. And see how it happens.”
Olesm huffed. Similarly, you could argue that Palt was out of place. He kept looking towards the kitchen. But there he was. Dawil just shrugged.
“I’m five minutes back in Invrisil, and not only did Miss Solstice lead the Black Tide into the city, she’s got Master Pelt and Master Hedault working on that bicycle thing. And this! I’m throwing my beard into the competition. Think I’ve got a chance?”
Ylawes rubbed at his face. Selys shook her head, although…she gave the Dwarf like, four times the odds of the Drake standing next to him.
“Is that Culyss?”
Drassi whispered. Selys grimaced.
“Yes.”
Word had spread. Most were here for entertainment, but it seemed like people had decided that the courtship of Erin Solstice was now a competition—put your hats in or be silent! Wait—
…No, Wilovan and Ratici were standing outside of the ring of bachelors. Ah, good. Meanwhile, some people were just confused.
Erin was one of them.
“But why me?”
She asked for the umpteenth time. At this point, even Mrsha and Visma punched her lightly on the butt. Erin jumped.
“Erin, you are amazing. You’ve never had anyone court you?”
“No one’s ever asked, Lasica. Not like that!”
“Well, they should. Rather than hovering around like acid flies over a rotting corpse.”
The [Chef]’s words made half the bachelors standing around flinch. Numbtongue just folded his arms. He didn’t seem sure if he fit in.
And frankly—two species were confused about the proceedings here. Pawn walked over.
“Lyonette, can you expl—”
