Interlude – The Great Race
Page 22
“Your point is made. The competition is everyone, Administrator Alrric. Now…how is House Gemscale going to do this? I’m sure Ilvriss has a plan.”
Zail sat there like he was still overseeing the company, and Ilvriss really hoped that this wasn’t going to become a regular thing. He had a bad feeling about this, especially because Alrric seemed used to Zail being here.
Ilvriss had expected the Gemscale company to tank in profits after he sold the Adamantium mine shares, but they had apparently found a new seam—well, an old one—and they were booming in profits. He was beginning to wonder how lucky that had been.
But the hazards and value of the new lands were established. No one knew what was there—everyone wanted to go. The methodology would set apart each individual group’s success or failure along with luck and all the other random events you could run into.
Even so—Ilvriss nodded to Alrric, and the presentation he gave to Zail was a warm-up for the other nobles in Salazsar.
“We’ve been busy. I am going to call up eight experts, Wall Lord Zail, whom we’ve contracted for the last two weeks, ever since we realized the extent of the new lands. They’ve all put together plans and lists which Alrric has helpfully compiled. We reached out to Gold-rank Adventurers, an [Explorer] from Baleros familiar with the Dyed Lands, a [Ranger], and, crucially, a [Quartermaster] in Salazsar’s own forces, and a [Caravanner] used to long-hauls from Chandrar. All of these experts advised us on how difficult it would be to travel across Izril, then to sustain a force in the new lands. We have compositions of classes to take and the kind of gear we’ll need.”
The Gemscale Company’s approach to this kind of problem was to turn to experts in the field and source experience. If they were going to go, it was going to be organized and based on previous known ventures. They’d take the most comprehensive group they could to handle any possible problem.
It was going to cost a fortune, but as Ilvriss now knew, the profits were there. Alrric’s model was one he could back. Play it cautious—or rather, play it reliable. If they couldn’t produce the most gifted [Explorers] or [Caravaners] to use their Skills to keep people safe and efficient, they weren’t spending enough gold. Zail nodded along as the neat papers were passed out. Alrric, of course, had copies for everyone.
 
——
 
Ilvriss was a boring Drake sometimes. Even with the Erin-influence, he knew how to organize a venture. In that way—his was the approach to compare every other group to. His methods of dealing with the problem would cover most foreseeable bases, so it depended on his competitors to see whether or not they exceeded his plans—or miserably failed.
For instance, Lady Ieka Imarris, in between trying to invite Ryoka to her estates in First Landing, made a rapid series of [Message] spells to her representatives in the south.
“I want you to send all the people we can. Now. No, don’t take wagons. Riders. On horses. Have them take two of the enchanted carriages. We will send the slower groups to catch up with you.”
When she saw the Yoldenites, she knew that she was running out of time. So Ieka hatched a different plan.
Speed. Speed was key. She had been hiring Silver and even Bronze-rank adventurers, as well as the most eager and promising individuals. Now she pushed them to hurry via the door in Invrisil to leave from Pallass that very day.
“Lady Imarris, what about materials to construct anything? A full push will still take at least a week—”
