Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 43
The Swordsman of Six, Zeter, gasped. Shriekblade saluted, touched a bound spell, and vanished.
All the adventurers on the ground had escaped, save for him. Zeter stood amid chaos. Spells were detonating around him.
Artillery. [Mages] were throwing spells from vast distances and—he looked up—they’d gotten the adventurers to a safe place.
The last [Wyvern Rider] of Fissival caught Shriekblade as she appeared two hundred feet up, outside the range of all but one Antinium. Instantly, the flier wheeled and sped away.
“Adventurer Zeter, one minute!”
“Acknowledged! Where is Mivifa?”
“Engaged with Wrymvr to buy the evacuees time!”
Above, another rain of acid drifted down. Too weak to go through the ring Zeter had worn just for this occasion. But he had heard Mivifa fighting Wrymvr.
Really—dodging the Centenium to distract it. But Zeter feared—he had heard her cry out more than once. Wrymvr the Deathless spat more than liquid poison. Gas…
He whirled his sword as an Antinium charged at him. Some vast, scuttling thing. One of the Flying Antinium’s line breakers! He lanced it four times—once with his sword, another with a phantom copy of one of his blades, and the two dancing swords he carried.
“Adventurer Zeter, hold your ground! Forty seconds or less to Wyvern evacuation!”
“Where is Saliss of Lights? I won’t evacuate without—”
Thwoom. Zeter whirled. He’d felt that.
Even amid the other bombardments, the giant explosion tore a hundred foot radius of sound and space apart. Zeter saw the nearest Antinium—and those in the air—go flying as the shockwave knocked them to pieces.
“Saliss…?”
A Drake stomped out of the cloud of dust. He tossed a few bottles and the confused Antinium in front of him vanished. Zeter stared as Saliss walked past him. The [Alchemist] looked up and narrowed his eyes.
“Excuse me. I’m going to kill that Antinium.”
He pointed up. Then leapt. Zeter called out for him.
“Saliss, wait—”
He spun. The Slayer lanced out of the darkness with two swords drawn. Zeter saw him knock aside one of the dancing blades, slash with his other sword as he blocked—
“Slayer!”
The Drake twisted before the sword cut more than the tip of his armor. Enchanted gear—he dropped the greatsword and it vanished. Change to—
The shortsword and shield wasn’t what the Swordsman of Six used often. It was, however, gear he used for killing enemy [Duelists]. He slashed and his two dancing blades cut where his shortsword didn’t.
The Slayer’s blades moved in a whirl. He was slower than Zeter! Still fast—but both had [Haste] spells on them and unlike Saliss, Zeter was a [Warrior], a [Bladesmaster]. He charged, shield raised.
Strike it, strike it, strike it—the shield would deliver a lethal retort if Klbkch did. The Slayer refused and slashed at Zeter’s stomach. Again, his sword cut armor before Zeter slashed with a roar.
He caught the Slayer! The Antinium staggered. He regarded the cut on his arm, touched it, shrugged.
“Poison is ineffective.”
The Swordsman of Six had forgotten that. He gritted his teeth. No time to change to the other swords. Time to use his best Skill.
[Sixblade Slash]! The Swordsman of Six blocked a slash and lashed out. Six swords—but the Antinium was moving out of range.
All six strikes cut the air as Klbkch stepped out of range. Zeter stared. The Antinium had just…no, wait. Klbkch flexed one arm.
