Interlude – Talia
Page 26
“You seem to have garnered a reputation, sir. May I ask if you have a reason to hunting Goblins to exclusion?”
Talia looked at the Goblin Slayer. He stared straight back and she felt a chill. He hadn’t removed his helmet the entire time. In fact, he’d drunk through a straw. Perhaps it was paranoia, although Talia had put her own helmet on since they were hot on the heels of the Ogres. The Goblin Slayer nodded.
“I have my reasons. Let’s go.”
The two [Knights] fell silent, looking at each other. The Goblin Slayer was hardly talkative despite Talia’s best efforts to engage him. But how much did she need to know? It wasn’t hard to understand.
Here was a man who hunted Goblins. Why? You could imagine any number of reasons. None of them pretty. But his single-minded devotion to the cause spoke to Talia of a grudge. She wanted to know what it was. He interested her.
They were moving uphill when the Goblin Slayer grabbed Talia’s arm. She stopped as he yanked her back.
“What—”
“Stop. A trap.”
He’d found something. In the trees, a metal spike embedded in wood. It was poised to swing down once Talia hit the nearly-invisible trigger. She shuddered, eyeing it as the Goblin Slayer climbed up. He was as mobile as she’d thought! He came down with it. Ser Eldein looked appalled.
“What is that?”
“Goblin trap. Ogres must have told them to set it up. They have a camp near here.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yes. Ogres don’t use traps. Goblins do.”
“I’ve never heard of Goblin traps! And I’ve eradicated a tribe before.”
The helmeted head slowly swung towards Ser Eldein.
“Some Goblins use traps.”
That was that. The [Knight] paused. Talia frowned.
“Will there be more traps?”
“Probably.”
So saying, the Goblin Slayer put the trap in a bag of holding and took the tripwire and other parts of the trap. That surprised Talia. As they stopped to warn Ser Lorell and the other [Knights], the [Summer Knight] frowned.
“Traps? These seem primitive.”
“Even so, night is falling. We should not venture forwards so near to the Ogre’s camp and risk alerting them and falling into traps.”
Dame Chise cautioned the group. Talia glanced sideways at the Goblin Slayer. He was staring up at the fading sun.
“Sir Slayer?”
“I can see traps. But the Goblins can see at night. Better to wait for dawn.”
Since I have to put up with you. Some of the Order of Seasons frowned, but they eventually agreed. Ser Lorell ordered a camp struck and sentries posted. The [Knights] made a small, smokeless fire and ate travel rations. Talia had hoped the Goblin Slayer would join them, but the adventurer sat far from the fire. He’d taken the trap he’d found out and was working on something beside it. Talia walked over.
“Sir Slayer, what are you—”
She paused when she saw the second trap. It was a net, the kind [Fishers] might use in a river or stream. The Goblin Slayer was attaching metal shards to the net, tying them into place. Each was a wickedly sharp blade. The Goblin Slayer walked over to a span of trees and anchored the net into place. Anyone rushing through incautiously would run straight into it. Then he grabbed the Goblin trap and began rearming it at another point in the trees.
The Order of Seasons had seen what he was doing. Ser Eldein protested.
“That is not a chivalrous weapon! Sir Slayer, we do not need traps! We are hunting the Ogres!”
“They might attack. Goblins would.”
“Do they know we’re here? We’ve had no signs of them and we’ve kept quiet.”
Dame Chise looked skeptical. The Goblin Slayer just pointed to the fire as a reply. Ser Lorell flushed; he’d been the one to insist on a fire.
