Interlude – Relationships
Page 25
“You really would try. And you’d succeed, Erin. But my mother and father, my kingdom, will never stop. Even if we took all the precautions—and besides that? I don’t want to run from who I am. Erin, listen to me again. I want to be a [Princess]. A good one. The best of them. I could have chased away the Thronebearers. Pulled tricks like Mrsha. I haven’t. I am a [Princess] of Calanfer, and you have one in your inn. We have to reckon with that, because you’re a [Witch], and our classes have not gotten along. We have not always gotten along, but I want to, as long as I can.”
She looked at Erin, and now the flames were dying out and Erin looked troubled and tired. Lyonette reached out and gently took Erin’s hand. Erin squeezed Lyonette’s grip weakly, and the [Princess] sighed.
“…Because someday, I will go back to Calanfer. They will take or pull or force or cajole me back into returning. And I don’t know what will happen after that. Not what my parents expect, but Calanfer is so very far away, Erin. Even with magic doors. Nor is the Eternal Throne easy to leave. I did it once, but that was because I barely mattered to it.”
Her head looked out one of the glass windows, north. Erin took Lyonette’s hand urgently.
“They can’t keep you, Lyonette. Enough. I’ve seen the largest bullies in existence. You don’t have to ever go back.”
To that, the [Princess] just gazed back at Erin.
“But what if Calanfer needs me more than I need it, Erin? What if the cost of staying away gets too high? You taught me a hundred lessons, Erin. Yet you never taught me to run away.”
The [Innkeeper] blinked and then almost smiled. The [Princess] sat there, wistful, and Erin looked at her.
“So what are you going to do? Build a castle out of my inn? You be the [Princess] and I’ll keep doing my thing?”
Lyonette snorted.
“I don’t need a castle. Drevish’s plans are ostentatious enough for any number of royals. Erin. Can you forgive me about the Antinium?”
“No.”
The [Princess] and all the relaxing Thronebearers looked up. Erin held her scowl, then slumped in her seat.
“Alright. Fine. Don’t do it again.”
“And will you tell me your plans? Your big ones? Even if not here…”
Lyonette stressed the word with a pointed look at Ushar, who reported to Queen Ielane and King Reclis directly.
“…Then soon? Talk to me regularly?”
“I do.”
“About your plans, Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] was slumping over in her seat.
“Sure. And what do I get?”
The [Princess] smiled sadly. A bit exasperatedly, as if she was talking to a child. And a quirky boss, the worst kind, and her friend.
“You need to tell me that, Erin.”
The [Innkeeper] was staring at the ground. Her head rose—and she gave Lyonette a sad look of her own. There was no [Witch] anymore with a flaming hat.
Just her first class. So Erin sat up, exhausted, but then she nodded a few times. She looked Lyonette straight in the eye.
“Lyonette. I get why you wanted to hide the Antinium Crusade from me. Don’t do it again. Don’t ever do something like that again. You can be—careful, but tell me. Understand? Sometimes we keep secrets, but not that kind.”
“Yes. I understand.”
Lyonette ducked her head. Erin opened her mouth, lifted a finger, then shook it a few times while thinking.
“…And that’s all I’ve got. Bleh. I overreacted a tiny bit, didn’t I?”
The Thronebearers and Lyonette looked at each other, then, as one, chorused in the most perfect way their emphatic denials. Such that Erin saw their complete dishonesty and the bald-faced lies on their tongues.
