Interlude – The Great Race
Page 3
Liska realized they’d have to cut through multiple streets to get around this spill. Ishkr just grunted.
“I have to open the inn. And get breakfast—come on.”
He began to jog. Liska kept up easily; of the two, she was actually more fit. Not just naturally either. She had a lot of experience running from the Watch, and she had done more physical jobs than Ishkr who lifted, what, chairs at most?
However, she was lazy, it was early, and so she whined.
“Ishkr, come on.”
“Hurry up.”
He sped up, and she growled at him. She was definitely going to quit. As soon as she made sure he wasn’t drowning his sorrows or really broken up about Keisha. In truth, Liska was a bit disappointed by the lack of emotion. Did nothing change his attitude?
She lost sight of Ishkr, and by the time she rounded the corner, taking the long, long way across Market Street, he was gone. He really did take being the [Head Server] seriously. She rolled her eyes—then groaned.
It seemed like the entire damn city was trying to stop her from getting to work today! Ishkr must have seen the mess in the middle of Market Street. It was a classic Three-Cart Pileup; nothing fancy. A [Merchant] was wailing as he pointed to the spilled cargo.
“My Prelons! They’re the last shipment from Cellidel—”
“Ah, good riddance, then.”
A Drake [Guardsman] glowered as he turned to the angry Human [Trader] who hadn’t given way, leading to the collision. Liska debated wading through the Prelons—then gave up. Now she had to run down another street.
—Straight into a dawn-performance of a bunch of Drakes, Gnolls, and even Humans. The Players of Liscor were rehearsing as a huge crowd of admirers blocked the street. Liska was losing her temper. But she actually recognized the tired Human man shouting at them.
“No, no, it’s prithee! Not ‘pissy’!”
“Oh, that makes a lot more sense in context. Sorry, Manager Temile! Don’t fire me—”
The leader of the Players of Celum for Liscor and Invrisil had come up in the world, but Temile looked tired.
“Let’s take it from the top. Ladies and gentlemen, please, you’re blocking the road!”
He remonstrated with the crowd as Liska ran, now growling, to a fourth street.
 
——
 
By the time she got to the western gates, Liska had a stitch in her side. She was also fifteen minutes late, and she’d started running. She thought she’d beaten Ishkr. He wasn’t a good runner, and Liska staggered over to the door that stood next to the new Adventurer’s Guild, Mage’s Guild, and main Watch House.
It was a good spot for it, and while the door was often used for city-to-city transit, Liska knew she’d left it open. So she yanked the door open, stepped inside, and found herself in the new transit room. She stalked forwards, and a figure detached itself from the wall.
“Miss Liska. Thought you’d be ‘happening by’.”
“Aaaah! Aaaah!”
Alcaz raised his hands as Liska freaked out. She forgot the inn had security these days. Panting, Liska clutched at her heart attack and the stitch in her side.
“Sorry, Miss.”
“I don’t smell or hear you!”
The Brother grinned and tipped his hat to her. Liska turned to the door that led to the trapped hallway. It was the coolest part of the inn to her. She loved all the hidden traps and weapons, though Ishkr had lectured her for an hour last time she’d taken one of the crossbows out to show Shashi.
“Sorry. There was a sewer backflow and a cart pileup and the Players and someone had bees.”
“Bees?”
Alcaz raised his brows. Liska shook her head.
