Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 12
Bird aimed at it, and then lowered his bow because it wasn’t that fair. He shot the Shield Spider creeping up on it instead, then reluctantly acknowledged Saliss on the basis that this might make the Drake go away.
“I rhyme. That is how I sing. What do you wish to talk about?”
“Antinium. Are you people?”
Bird considered this.
“Maybe?”
Saliss laughed.
“And if you are—does it matter? Because if it was Gnolls…no, that would make a difference. But you’re the Black Tide that came from Rhir. Enemies.”
“That is true. May I shoot you?”
Bird turned his bow and aimed one of his hunting arrows at Saliss’ arms. The Drake laughed.
“You could try. But I’m an adventurer. It’s too e—”
The Worker loosed an arrow. He saw and heard it thunk into the wood. Not Saliss’ arm. The Drake poked at the quivering arrow shaft. He had moved about a foot away from the arrow in the time it took to strike the floor of Bird’s tower.
“See?”
Bird looked at Saliss. He checked his bow, then the arrow.
“I see. You are dangerous.”
“Yup. And I’d really like not to exist right now.”
Saliss tottered upright. He leaned against the balcony of Bird’s tower. He waited for Bird to say or do something, but the Worker went back to protecting the drugged-out cardinal from the Shield Spider nest.
“If Antinium are people…do you cry? When an Antinium dies, you mourn it, right?”
The Worker said nothing. Saliss watched him take down thirty two spiders, of various sizes. Teensy tiny ones that the cardinal was trying to flap away from. And the Worker did it, lancing them all with arrows on a whim.
“Hey. Are you listening? I said—do Antinium feel bad?”
Saliss waited. At last, as the cardinal managed to take to the skies again, Bird looked at Saliss.
“Does my answer matter?”
The [Alchemist] blinked. He looked at Bird. The Worker tilted his head back and forth.
“You asked Numbtongue the same question of Goblins.”
“How do you know that?”
“He told me.”
“Ah.”
The Drake blinked. Goblins and Antinium. Bird took aim at another bird, not the cardinal, and shot it from hundreds of feet away. He produced a small bag and opened the trap door to go retrieve it.
“I do not believe I have an answer to your question that matters, Alchemist Saliss.”
“Oh, come on. I’m dying to know.”
The Worker looked up.
“If I answer you, will it change anything?”
And to that, the Drake said nothing. Bird nodded to himself.
“Yes, that is true. Xrn told me about you.”
Saliss’ eyes focused on Bird. He sat up a bit.
“The Small Queen talks to you, does she.”
“Yes. I am going to pick up my bird, now. Goodbye. Please go away.”
The Worker opened the trapdoor. Saliss reached for his belt.
“You like to hunt birds because you want to fly, don’t you?”
Bird paused.
“Yes. I have flown once before.”
“Really? How?”
“I was flown by Miss Viceria Strongheart and other mages. I will someday fly again. I have been promised.”
Saliss smiled.
“Well, Bird, what would you say if I told you anyone can fly for a while? If they have the right potions.”
Bird turned.
“I would say that is correct. However, potions are expensive.”
“You don’t say?”
“That is my understanding, yes. If you would like to prove this to me by flying, I do not wish to see it, thank you. You are not a person I would enjoy watching fly.”
Saliss laughed. He patted Bird on the shoulder.
“I wish I enjoyed flying as much as you.”
The Worker brushed the claw off his shoulder. It seemed Saliss had actually succeeded in annoying him, and that Bird was truly annoyed by Saliss. Or perhaps that he found nothing about Saliss funny.
