Interlude – Talia
Page 36
He spoke in their tongue. He had killed some of them. But the Ogres enslaving them were dead. The Goblins stared at him. Reaching out to touch his face, his head, his ears. To make sure he was real.
This was the true Goblin Slayer. He spoke to them. He bowed his head. And then he pointed. The Goblins listened, their eyes wide. They turned their heads, scrambling up rocks to see. Looking south and west. Towards distant mountains.
The High Passes. And then they came back down, looking at Rabbiteater. He spoke. And that night, the Rolling Rocks tribe vanished. When Talia and the [Knights] awoke the next day, Rabbiteater walked into the village with the helmet locked into place on his head. And he showed them Goblin ears. And he listened to them cheer his name.
The Goblin Slayer.
 
—-
 
The Goblin Slayer was in the inn the next day, which surprised everyone, Talia included. But she was glad to see him. He had arrived past dawn, apparently. But if he’d smelled of blood or been covered in it, he’d washed himself.
He smelled a bit better by day, which was a relief for everyone. Still, the odor of blood, soil, and that faint bestial smell of Goblin clung to him. Still, the Goblin Slayer’s armor was clean, or at least not covered in soil. The [Knights] welcomed him as the [Innkeeper] offered him a drink.
With a straw. The Goblin Slayer had refused to take his helmet off. When asked, he had refused politely.
“I have sworn a vow. And my face is not…pleasant.”
Rabbiteater lied as he sipped from his drink. Both excuses usually worked. The Order of Seasons nodded slowly. They were impressed by vows. They seemed to think he’d taken one, or that he was extremely hideous from his scars. Both were sort of true. Rabbiteater had vowed never to take his helmet off in a Human town. And he didn’t want to find out what they’d do if they saw his green skin.
“You finished the Goblin tribe in a single night, Sir Slayer?”
The [Summer Knight], Dame Talia, looked at Rabbiteater. He shrugged.
“Yes. Here.”
He showed her a bunch of ears. He had them in a bag of holding. She stared at them, looking a bit nauseous. Another [Knight], Ser Lorell, shook his head. But they accepted that. They always did, and no one ever bothered asking how old the ears were. Humans were blind as rocks.
 
—-
 
“He must be a [Hunter], or a specialist in fighting Goblins. As some are experts in fighting monsters, or certain enemies.”
Dame Chise whispered to Talia as the Goblin Slayer politely ignored requests from the villagers wanting to know how the Goblins had met their end. Talia nodded. Even in the inn, the Goblin Slayer was fascinating. He was so silent. Mysterious. Which attracted both men and women, wanting to know who the person behind the helmet was. She turned in her seat and addressed Ser Lorell.
“Are we bound north, Ser Lorell?”
“In time. I’m in no hurry to rush. Let us spend a day in contemplation of Ser Eldein.”
The [Summer Knight] was grave and the company nodded. Talia closed her eyes as she thought of Ser Eldein. She would and had mourned him. But then she looked at the Goblin Slayer. There was time enough to speak to him as well.
 
—-
 
For Rabbiteater’s part, words were hard. He’d learned a lot, but he was still economical with them. He was no…Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin’s heart clenched at the thought of his friend. Numbtongue, Shorthilt, Headscratcher…all gone. It had been months since that day. But he remembered. He never forgot.
