Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 15
Erin blinked at him. She smiled and laughed as Ryoka gave her a look from behind Palt.
“Oh—maybe sometime, Palt. I dunno, it’s not my thing. Uh—why are you going to meet Grimalkin and Chaldion? Is something wrong?”
An excellent deflection. Palt sighed. Was she even aware of how he felt? Well…business awaited. The Centaur turned.
“Just something unpleasant on the wind. I don’t know if you two know of it. It might be connected to…your people.”
Perhaps naively, he was unprepared for the way the two young women focused on him.
“What? What thing? Is it Joseph?”
Erin danced around Palt, looking suddenly worried. Ryoka stared at Palt. He hesitated.
“No, no. It’s not even confirmed. I’m going to do some digging, that’s all. And warn both Chaldion and Magus Grimalkin about—some of your friends in Wistram noticed this—it’s this phenomenon known as ‘the Golden Triangle’. Have you heard about it?”
“Noooo…”
Erin frowned as Ryoka’s head rose and her eyes sharpened further. Palt sighed as he scrubbed at his hair.
“It’s this concept where you give money to someone else. This group—and they invest it in adventurers, [Mages], and so on. Only—we’re not sure, Wistram, that is—that the organization or adventurers exists. We can’t find any records of them anywhere. And the people who give money are encouraged to get other people to join, and they get more money if they do on top of money for their investment…”
He trailed off. Ryoka looked pale. Erin was frowning, as if listening to something far distant, trying to recall something.
“That sounds like…a golden triangle. T-Triforce? No, wait. Illuminati? Um…Pyramids? No, it starts with a ‘P’. P—p—”
“Ponzi scheme, Erin. It’s a fucking Ponzi Scheme. No, wait. It’s more like a pyramid marketing…golden triangle my ass.”
Ryoka Griffin snapped. Palt’s saw her shoulder slump. He took the cigar out of his mouth.
“You know what it is?”
“Of course.”
The Centaur and City Runner turned to Erin. The [Innkeeper] blinked a few times. Then she remembered what the word meant. Her face fell. She closed her eyes and said another phrase that would have gotten Grimalkin and Chaldion to come running.
“Oh, shit.”
 
—-
 
Relc bought a new puzzle with the money he’d earned from the Golden Triangle. He felt good about it too; he could afford the best magical puzzles with his new revenue source.
“You’re flush with gold today. You can usually afford only the cheap stuff. Even the magic wires?”
The [Trader] gave Relc a pleased grin. The Drake gave him a smug grin in return.
“You know it. I’m part of The Golden Triangle. In fact, I’m a Diamond-backer. That’s a special rank. I get gold per month and more of a cut if I sign people up. Have you heard of it…?”
The Human man snorted.
“Have I heard of it? Of course! I’m a backer too. Gold.”
“Ooh, you got on it quick! How much have you turned into a profit?”
The man jingled his coin pouch with a pleased grin.
“A good amount. I’m going to put a hundred gold into it next month, though. Unlike you I have to pay to move up in ranks.”
“Hey! I enlisted at least a thousand people! Probably more, since they started enlisting other people too. Look at my coins!”
The Drake [Guardsman] slapped gold onto the trader’s counter for his money, not hiding the fact that he had lots more. The [Trader] inhaled, his eyes shining.
“Dead gods. All that from Diamond-rank?”
“Hard work. I get a larger cut than Golds too. If I’m lucky, I’ll move up to Platinum. And you know why? Because I signed people up. Everyone knows Senior Guardsman Relc is onto a good thing, right?”
