Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 3
“Until now, we have conflated the development of proficiency at arms with muscular growth, as we spar, perform basic callisthenic exercises such as running, or even use supplements to build strength. But building pure muscle is not often tied to one particular training exercise. There are basic exercises, such as doing pushups, or jogging in armor, but sparring and our occupations have been the most relied-upon way of honing one’s body.”
It was a somewhat technical explanation. Relc scratched his head, and Erin saw Jelaqua lean over to Moore.
“What is he saying?”
“We don’t build muscle so much as just get fit.”
“Oh.”
Grimalkin cleared his throat.
“Today, I am unveiling a new system designed to purely train muscle in the most efficient way possible! Not only will these weights provide a gravity-based exercise that targets whichever group of muscles you like, it is designed to build muscle beyond what you could regularly expect from say, practicing spear dances and without the dangers of sparring!”
Erin yawned a bit. But the audience…perked up. Some of 4th Company looked at each other.
“Is he serious? Building our muscles up further?”
“Told you this was great. Just watch.”
“Observe! Let’s assume we have a [Warrior] trying to build up strength for a thrust. No, a [Duelist], for their classic maneuvers. Normally, they’d gain an acceptable level of muscle just by repeating the exercise. But the muscles they focus on run from the arm muscle, which everyone thinks of, to the leg, and even the core.”
Grimalkin savored the word. Some of the [Guards] blinked. Embria herself raised a claw.
“Core, Magus Grimalkin? I’m not sure I’m familiar with the word.”
The [Sinew Magus] smiled.
“It is my understanding after decades of researching the body that muscular groups are not limited to just one body part, Wing Commander. Muscles—are connected. When a [Duelist] thrusts—observe how my muscles move as I step in.”
He demonstrated, conjuring a rapier made of fire as he did. Erin stared at the fire—and then saw Grimalkin’s muscles move.
Arms, shoulder, down through his tight core, and leg. Erin saw Grimalkin’s body ripple as he demonstrated. The audience murmured.
“[Martial Artists] have known this for years, along with [Fencers] and a number of other classes. When you punch, the blow comes from the rotation of the body, muscule groups that ordinary [Soldiers] may forget to prioritize. However, today, we will be revolutionizing muscular training. Weights will make [Soldiers] stronger than they ever have been before, by artificially increasing the limit beyond what they’d encounter in most day-to-day activities! Observe! Ferkr!”
The Gnoll apprentice was sitting under a weights bar. Now, she unhooked it and lowered it to her chest and demonstrated a bench press. Grimalkin strode over.
“Ferkr is now lifting about a hundred and fifty pounds of weight. Note that I have two equal fifty pound weights on either side, plus the bar. A hundred and fifty pounds, all challenging her pectoral muscles. By exercising with controlled motions, Ferkr is straining and redeveloping her muscles. In what scenario could a regular [Warrior] hope to achieve the same, specific training?”
At last, even Erin got the message. Grimalkin’s audience was already murmuring.
“Dead gods, I think I get it! You can’t get enchanted weight spells if you’re some copper pay [Guard] or [Soldier]. But this?”
Jeiss was talking excitedly with Raekea. He raised a claw.
“Does it really build muscle, Magus? Just from lifting weights?”
