Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 18
Baby? Deskie’s voice made Inkar do a double-take. And it was not the [Chieftain] after all. Rather—it was one of the tribe’s leaders, sent with the hunting team.
They halted a hundred feet distant from the three tribes. Eska, Orelighn, Firrelle, and the [Shamans] stood with the best warriors in a small group. The Roc-rider did not dismount.
“Ekhtouch! Greenpaw! Longstalker’s Fangs! Our tribe greets you! Do you head for the Meeting of Tribes?”
“We do! It is an honor to meet the Great Plain’s guardians!”
Guardians? Deskie looked at Inkar as the Gnoll hopped off the Roc’s back. The giant bird, who was of a size with the Wyvern already, pecked at the ground as if searching for giant worms. Which there were.
“We greet you, Chieftains. I am [Relicbearer Skyhunter] Virreg.”
The Gnoll had a single weapon at his side. Every other Gnoll was staring at it. Inkar had to crane her head to see past them. Why were the Chieftains nodding to this [Warrior] in what looked like deference? [Relicbearer]?
“May I greet your tribes, Chieftains, with the words my Chieftain has ordered us speak to all tribes who come for this Meeting of Tribes?”
The warrior, Virreg, bowed to Eska, Orelighn, and Firrelle. They did not think long before nodding.
The Gnoll mounted the Roc again. The bird spread its wings and uttered a caw that made Inkar’s ears ring. The other Gnolls clapped their paws to their ears. But they looked up as the Gnoll raised his voice, the Gnolls of his tribe behind him.
“Gnolls of three tribes! It is an honor to meet your tribes! My warriors and I will escort you to the gathering and Meeting of Tribes. It is our Chieftain’s oath that no other power will disrupt the Meeting of Tribes! As we have protected this gathering for thousands of years, we will do so without fail!”
“They failed once a thousand years back. But they do a good job.”
Deskie whispered to Inkar. The Gnoll warrior continued.
“My Chieftain has words for all who gather this time! Listen and hear her words!”
Inkar expected a speech. But instead—one of the Gnolls standing behind Virreg raised a staff. And she heard a female Gnoll’s words booming through the air.
The Chieftain of this unknown tribe spoke.
“Gnolls of Izril. You come to the Meeting of Tribes once more. Proof of unity as a single species. Proof of our strength that the other species take lightly.”
Now here was politics. Inkar saw Eska’s gaze flicking uncertainly in the face of the speech she clearly had not expected. But she could do nothing but listen with the other Gnolls. The unknown Chieftain went on.
“They may ignore us. Deride the savages of Izril’s grasslands. Nomads without walls or land they build upon. But they forget—we have always been here. And though they tried to kill us. Drakes. Humans. They failed to. Our tribe is proof of our victories of old! So as you gather, Gnolls of Izril, look upon our history that claimed our land back even when our greatest foe flew the skies.”
On cue, the warriors and Virreg raised their weapons. Inkar saw a strange—pale blade rising. A spear? It glittered, etched—and every Gnoll stared up at it. Inkar thought it looked plain at first. But why…
Why did it catch the eye? Why did she stare at it and see the glitter of the runes, or perhaps words etched into the blade from afar? The spear’s haft…it was a pale, near-white material.
Ivory?
Then she heard the name of the tribe.
“Az’muzarre greets you, Gnolls of Izril. We are guardians of the Great Plains.”
