Interlude – Relationships
Page 12
The Goblin, along with Riverfarm’s [Chefs], had packed a hamper full of food for the journey back for everyone. Ulvama cracked one eye open as she stretched out—across Ser Lormel’s lap. He looked very uncomfortable for half a second, but then kept his face straight as she smiled wide. It was a contest of classes.
Nanette reached up for a hat she didn’t have, then bobbed her head.
“Is this something Goblins [Shamans] learn for magic?”
Ulvama’s eyes brightened.
“Oh. Hm. Yes. Bits of magic. Good hand moves. Redfangs, stupid Redfangs and warriors, use it to learn punches. Smart girl.”
She reached out and patted Nanette on the head. Then she saw Erin watching and scowled.
“Heartbreaker innkeeper. Where food?”
Ulvama knew no chill. Erin turned beet red and folded her arms.
“Didn’t we just eat breakfast an hour ago, Ulvama?”
“Yep.”
“…And isn’t it too early for food?”
The [Shaman of the Old Ways] gave Erin a long look.
“For you, maybe. For me? No. Food?”
The hamper was right up on a rack, but now Erin was frowning mightily. She looked around.
“But what if we ate it together with everyone later?”
Ulvama hmmed. Then she grinned wickedly and proved how she had maintained her status in the Mountain City tribe.
“You sound like [Princess]. Everyone too fat. No one eats, eh? Even poor girl.”
She patted Mrsha on the head as the Gnoll lay on her back and pretended to die of starvation. Erin’s face fell, and grudgingly, she looked at Lormel.
“…Maybe we could have a snack. For anyone who wants it! I wasn’t big on fish for breakfast, anyways. Who does that? British people, I tell you who. And they’re weird.”
So said the young woman who had invented the ‘Archmage of Syrup’s breakfast’, which was a hollowed out mountain of pancakes, syrup, and butter. Lormel took down the hamper but paused with a frown as he sensed something. Slowly, he opened the lid—then recoiled.
“Throne—!”
Erin saw him shut the lid, peek at what was inside, then look around. Instantly, everyone sat up in alarm.
“What? Oh no. Did it spoil? I knew Pebblesnatch hadn’t improved that much! Is it alive?”
Erin groaned, but Inkar had a different fear.
“Is the food…infested?”
Ulvama scooted away as Lormel searched for words. He stared into the hamper and then slowly raised the lid and showed everyone what was inside.
“Miss Solstice, I believe we may have…a stowaway.”
Then Erin saw a little, tiny head of a lamb poke up over the box, body covered by fluffy wool. The Sariant Lamb was as small as a cat, and its tiny round hooves and expressive face made it a member of the most lovable, adored species in the entire world. It was bleary from a food coma and probably a bit of asphyxiation in the enclosed hamper.
Erin stared at the lamb as Ulvama’s eyes widened then narrowed with instant hostility. She peeked into the hamper and pulled something out.
“But where food? What about…?”
She pulled out some food. A brown pellet. She sniffed it, and her face wrinkled up.
“Eugh!”
She threw out the inevitable conclusion of what happened if a creature ate too much. Everyone ducked as the pellet bounced around the carriage.
Erin just stared at the lamb. It looked sleepy, then alert, then—to her amazement—embarrassed? Its face was expressive, and Erin thought it looked like that! Or was it her imagination? For the next moment, the lamb made the cutest squeaking sound as it looked around and smiled at the coach.
