Interlude – Relationships
Page 18
She gave the lamb a long stare. The beaming little lamb smiled at her. Ulvama shouted furiously.
“No! Not that thing!”
She pointed at the lamb, and Erin turned her head. [Witches] were one thing, and clearly, Ulvama recognized the lamb’s duplicity. But that seemed to be because game respected game. The [Shaman] pointed at the lamb in outrage.
“Stupid manipulative thing—I am the one who manipulates! Go away!”
She shook a fist at the lamb, and Erin rotated her wheelchair enough to face the Hobgoblin.
“Ulvama, in your long shaman-memory, have you heard of the lamb cartel? The lamb gang? The Sariant conspiracy? The cult of the lamb? No wait, that sounds stupid.”
Ulvama eyed Erin as the Sariant Lamb looked as innocent as possible. She snorted as she poked it in the belly.
“This thing? New creature species. Not that old. Thousands of years, maybe, not like, um…Stitch-people. Weak. Sometimes play pranks and smart and thinks, but not a threat. Just annoying. Tastes good too.”
She gave the lamb an arch grin and sharp-toothed smirk. The lamb stared at Ulvama, then slowly began to urinate onto her leg.
 
——
 
A pet and a witch. On the second day, Erin found they were nearly at Invrisil, and the City of Adventurers was getting closer and closer just past midday due to the delay the lamb had caused.
Her name was Baroness Ichinee vel Tiena…according to the horrified Riverfarm folk who had realized she was gone. All of the Sariants—over eighty—had names. This lamb was apparently one of the ones who went from home to home, and so no one had quite noticed she was missing. They apparently never missed the opportunity to tell someone if they were wet, hungry, or tired.
Erin hated the name. And so did the lamb, who studiously ignored Tkrn trying to use it.
“Well, she needs a name. What about—Twoface? Baal…a? Capricorna? Satanbaah?”
Erin once again proved why no one let her name things as Mrsha fed the lamb pieces of grass, and the creature spat them out into the Gnoll’s palm. She did eat some crackers and drink some milk, and apparently they were low-maintenance in theory; they could even eat meat. They just demanded all kinds of things Erin didn’t want to offer, but Lyonette seemed willing to host the creature until Elirr came by.
Erin was itching to have a word with the beast in private, if it could even communicate. However, the name was important, and the lamb looked up sharply as the others speculated.
Numbornecorteva, Ruler of Clouds!
Mrsha held up a vote that was instantly shot down. By the lamb as much as the carriage; it wrinkled up its face when no one but Erin was looking at it and gagged. Nanette bit her tongue.
“How about Sidney?”
She proposed a normal name, which got her a shake of the head and a private look of disgust.
“Koehne? It’s a good, Gnollish name.”
Tkrn offered it to the lamb, who smiled sweetly at him—and instantly shook its head. Inkar tried one from Kazakhstan, and the lamb seemed to consider that and one of Lormel’s Calanferian names.
The next half an hour saw the lamb pickily reject every single name, and Erin suspected her appellation in Riverfarm had either been given to her without her will or accepted on sufferance. Idly, the [Innkeeper] leaned on her hands and propped her chin up.
Now it was clear that Erin knew the lamb wasn’t that nice, the lamb seemed disinclined to keep up her act—at least when only Erin was gazing at her. She gave Erin a sinister smirk, and Erin muttered.
“I can always send you to Laken in a box.”
