Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 25
The Fraerlings recognized it at once. Now, Luan felt like the stuff of stories again because over three hundred were gathered around the smartphone. He watched, apprehensively, as they took it apart.
Oh, they’d marveled at the screen, the apps, but Ekrn had already seen it and what fascinated the Fraerling was different than other species. Other species saw the smartphone and investigated what it could do; Fraerlings wanted to know how it was made.
“Can we take it apart?”
The Alchimeer had asked Luan. The man had given them a quick lecture on the fragility of electronics, the problems with putting it together…but the Fraerlings were insistent. They were also convincing, and Luan wouldn’t have let a Lizardfolk do what they were doing next.
“Steady—steady—keep everyone back! Tallguard, double-postings! Nothing gets in here; we’re sitting bugs on a log if a hawk dives! I want eyes!”
Ekrn was exhorting the Fraerlings as they worked. Luan watched as first, a very odd, metallic sheet was laid on the ground. Then huge panes of glass—they were making a containment area! An observation spot while a group of six worked within!
“I’m told this can be [Repaired]? Then we have a contingency.”
Enchanter Ilekrome looked at Luan as one of his subordinates worked. The United Nations company had discovered they could charge devices with the spell, and that it did save valuable electronics from cracks and minor breaks. Luan nodded.
“Not that we’ll be doing any of that. Enchanter, what’s the call? [Room of Weightlessness]?”
“No. Not null gravity; the pieces cannot be moved. [Room of Stasis].”
“Understood. Linking up!”
This was a lesson for the Human as well as the Fraerlings. The smartphone was their size, but before they even opened it they’d created a room devoid of outside interference. Even, he realized, air. The [Enchanter] was touching each Fraerling who entered, muttering. The iPhone, carried between two, froze as the spell activated.
Not ‘hovered’, but froze. Literally froze midair, trapped as it had been. As the Enchanter had said, it wasn’t a gravity spell, but something else.
Then they took his smartphone apart and any ideas of Earth superiority in technology were put to the challenge. Because it took the Alchimeer, two [Engineers], the Enchanter and their respective subordinates less than two minutes to figure out how the smartphone was opened.
“I can see the joining seams here…aha! Screws. Looks like they’re a bit big—I need a custom-sized screwdriver, here! Damn, interesting cuts…is it to keep us out? We might need to adjust what we have.”
The tiny screws in the iPhone, the little ports, everything was a lot bigger for Fraerlings. In moments, one of the [Engineers] had found the two he needed to remove. He waved for some others crowding to see, but the Enchanter’s [Mage]-Fraerling just snorted.
“You can do a mold of that later. Let me.”
He eyed the opening, and conjured a magical cylinder, with teeth to match the slot! It rotated both screws out in moments and the Fraerlings checked the casing for any other cunning locks.
Luan had never actually seen an iPhone being opened, and so was little help. The Fraerlings looked at each other.
“Looks like it’s just stuck on there. We’ll have to pull it apart. Now that’s a dubious decision; they could have sealed it with more than two screws. Tallfolk. You’re going to trust important contents behind the same principle as a cork in a jar? Tsk, tsk. Alright, on three. One, two…”
The iPhone came apart and the Fraerlings gasped. If they had needed proof—here it was.
