Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 22
The last word was underlined. And there the [Message] ended. It said nothing. And it said much.
Fetohep had received it quite some time ago. At the time he had made his conclusions and quietly dismissed it. Now, he revisited it.
The clues were all there.
I have admired your rule. We share common cause. We have never met, only conversed from afar.
Well, the big part was the hint about ‘undeath’. But even without it, he would have known who wrote this. Few outside of Khelt would admire this nation.
“So.”
Fetohep could have sold this information, armed someone with it. But why? To do so was to make a powerful enemy, and erode trust in Khelt, which was safe because of its neutrality. Moreover—Fetohep remembered. He did not begrudge the Necromancer his fury, even if the target had long since been erased from Terandria.
What bothered him was the last part.
“I have learned a great truth of creation. Which one?”
There were a number Fetohep could think of. He was undead. And wary of [Necromancers], but he understood death magic, even if he had not been a [Mage] in life.
Think of that. Think of Khelt’s legions with a…secret of undeath at their disposal. Think of what Khelt could be.
The King of Destruction had roused his people. Set a fire in their hearts. Call him a fool, a boy-[King] who did not consider the consequences of what he did, who brought only slaughter. He still inspired.
Think of ambition. Fetohep’s eyes glinted golden. If Khelt were larger? If it had access to lush lands? Was that not worthy of legacy?
Still, this was one person who would invite calamity and the enmity of the world. Fetohep’s fingers tapped on his throne. Presently, he put the [Message] aside, hid it away.
“Scrying mirror. Wistram News.”
He sat on his throne. Watching, taking note of the world.
Unable to sit still.
 
—-
 
The last legend of the Emir was this. On the day after the Emir Darsul attempted his attack on the Emir, the Naga dined and ate in good company, and never uttered a word about last night’s events, though he did invite the Guildmaster of Assassins to take tea with him, and then toured the marketplace in good spirits.
All waited for his response, perhaps his soldiers, or some comment at least to Emir Darsul.
None came. Night fell, and the Emir Darsul waited in fear, perhaps hoping Yazdil would be amenable to gifts or other tokens come morning.
At midnight, the Emir Yazdil called to his servant Iert. He gave the Gnoll one instruction, and his great servant left Yazdil’s palace. (Of course, no one was there to hear the command, or even know it was given, but the truth of what came after is obvious in hindsight).
The Gnoll moved unseen through Roshal, and came to Darsul’s own palace. He slipped past the watchful sentries, moved unseen through magical enchantments, and scaled the very tower in which Darsul hid without leaving footprint or mark.
Then, Iert slipped past the blind Djinni, and Darsul’s bodyguards, led by a great [Mercenary Captain]. He entered the room where Darsul slept, guarded by magical protections and, well…
They said the next day the [Mercenary Captain] checked on the Emir Darsul and then fled screaming, with all of the Emir’s household. For there was not enough of Darsul in one spot to fill a teacup. The Emir’s palace dissolved into chaos overnight, his holdings becoming Yazdil’s by coincidence, as the Emir had the documents and paperwork and forms.
