Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 2
His rollups and so forth were calibrated to avoid this scenario. He didn’t usually sell anything this strong to clientele. If it was…edibles as opposed to his usual smoking merchandise, it was to a discerning customer.
“Smoking. I mean…we thought it’d be fun. Look, Pelt.”
“Palt. I will hit you.”
Montressa giggled.
“We were trying to have fun. It’s just—it was him. We were coming back from Pallass and he said…him said…”
“Him?”
The Centaur thought of the one person who might conceivably have the semi-illegal drug—especially in the Walled Cities. He groaned as it all made sense.
“Oh, no. You don’t mean…Saliss?”
“I’m almost certain he’s not real. I mean, he was pretty real, but who’d believe a naked Drake is the Named Adventurer of Pallass?”
The Centaur put his head in his hands.
“There are others. Saliss is just the most permanent. Dead gods damnit, Montressa! Are you insane? I wouldn’t smoke anything Saliss handed me!”
“It was just a…puff? Only a few.”
Montressa tried to defend herself. The Centaur decided Montressa needed her head dunked in some cold water, food, and company. Not necessarily in that order. He also needed to find Bezale. He stood up and shook his head at Montressa. Talk about stupid ideas.
“You smoked something that an [Alchemist], Saliss of Lights, personally uses for his enjoyment. And you thought nothing would happen?”
“Palt…Palt…it wasn’t just me. Bezale thought it was a good idea too. I think she was there.”
The Centaur closed his eyes.
“I know. Was anyone else with you?”
“Octavia.”
“Oh, slap a saddle on me—where is she?”
 
—-
 
“I’m—doing the same thing over. I just did that. Didn’t I?”
Octavia Cotton, [Alchemist] and Stitchgirl, looked blankly at the rows of glowing potions. A Minotauress, half-unconscious, jerked a bit.
“Wh—”
That was all she really said. Octavia stared blearily at her shop’s rows of potions behind glass.
She was counting and recounting the ingredients in her stocks. Going down the inventory, then checking again because she didn’t believe she’d actually done it. She was aware…she’d done this about twenty two times. But she couldn’t stop.
At her level of narcotic intake, reality became fiction. Also—time slowed down. It wasn’t that Octavia moved faster, it was that the world was on a loop. She felt like she’d been sitting here for years. And yet she didn’t believe she was sitting down. Or that her name was Octavia. Or…
Palt delivered all of this in a whisper into Erin’s ear as the [Innkeeper] stared at the two victims sitting in the dark shop.
“We should get them into light, get them something to do. Stare at leaves in your garden, maybe.”
“And they’re high.”
“They’re…intoxicated. A drug, smoked, ingested, alcohol or anything else is a foreign substance, Erin.”
“Is this what people enjoy?”
The [Innkeeper] put her hands on her hips. The [Illusionist] sighed. He had two clear cigars which would sober up people—except they’d only halved Montressa’s high. Whatever Saliss had given them was a grade above what Palt sold. He hoped they still had the cigar lying about.
“Not to this extent. I think Saliss er—forgot that his relaxatives aren’t what normal people would enjoy. Or even casual users like Bezale and Montressa.”
Erin blinked a few times as Octavia tried to count the line of potions again. She rubbed at her sleepy eyes, then raised a fist.
“If I hit you, will this make my problems go away?”
Palt nervously sidled away from the fist.
“Not my fault! It was Saliss—”
“This is what comes of having drugses in my inn! Is she going to be okay?”
“In a day or two at most, yes.”
