Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 17
“I doubt either Chieftain will accept. Not to sully their gift. Still…Ekhtouch love to make such deals. They will want to increase their prestige as much as possible. They might marry as much as a quarter of their tribe into other tribes.”
“Against their will?”
Deskie flicked a bug off her knee.
“They would enjoy it. Since they are allowed to have children once they marry. Different tribes, Inkar. The Longstalkers and Greenpaws will not cause offense. But neither will we mingle overmuch.”
Inkar nodded. Words of wisdom from the Gnoll over a century old. She didn’t like the Ekhtouch, for all they treated her with unfailing courtesy. They insulted her adopted tribe and friends…it was a mark of their character, for Inkar. But she reserved full judgment for later.
 
—-
 
She did do a double-take the next day when she saw Orreh and another of the Ekhtouch tribe were flirting. And emerged from the same tent. Not Ekrinish, but still.
Orreh declined to comment. But the male Gnoll was surrounded, sniffed, and then, apparently, let go because he hadn’t violated the tribe’s rules.
“Not everything makes babies, Inkar.”
The young woman stared at Orreh until the grinning [Stalker] vanished. She didn’t have to hear that. But Orreh was pleased with herself and that was fine.
The second day of marching began with the Ekhtouch tribe, and a small contingent from the Greenpaws. They’d carry the…artifacts into the Meeting of Tribes later; for now it was just Orelighn and some warriors who joined the procession.
The Greenpaws farmed the outskirts of the Great Plains. There was not far to go, now.
The Great Plains of Izril, the last fully Gnoll-controlled lands of the continent, did remind Inkar of home. They were flat.
Not barren. No, far from that. Rain fell across Izril with frequency, unlike dry Chandrar, so it was a grassy landscape that made you want to ride your horse—or drive a vehicle—into the distance at full-speed forever.
So nostalgic it hurt. Right up until everyone ducked and some of the Gnolls loosed bows into the air.
“Wyvern!”
One of the giant apex-predators was flying high overhead. It swerved as arrows struck its scaly hide from hundreds upon hundreds of feet below. They liked to hide in clouds and dive at prey.
The Chieftains scolded the archers, who’d endangered everyone below with the arrows ricocheting downwards. But the Wyvern had clearly decided it wanted solo prey, not an army of Gnolls.
The fourth tribe found the three after only three hours of marching into the morning. Inkar, riding along with Deskie, looked up as she heard a howl break the air.
A shape ahead of them. Inkar stopped. She saw Gnolls look up. They were…cutting apart the dead Wyvern from earlier. Dozens of them, efficiently butchering the monster.
They howled as they saw the other tribe. Then abandoned their kill and streamed across the plains. Like the Ekhtouch Tribe, they moved fast. Unlike them, though, the other three tribes instantly halted.
“Is that—?”
Eska murmured. Chieftain Firrelle and her tribe murmured.
“Halt! We must greet them properly.”
Something like…apprehension ran through the other tribes. Gnolls were looking up, pointing. Asking—Inkar clearly heard.
Is that them? A famous tribe had arrived. One more famous than even Ekhtouch.
And…dangerous. Inkar felt that in a moment. She saw them loping along, some running on all fours. Fast. Their entire tribe was benefitting from some kind of Skill.
Then she saw what had downed the Wyvern. The [Chieftain] of their tribe was flying at them. Riding some huge…bird?
“What is that? A Griffin?”
“No. Baby Roc.”
