Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 34
The [Strategist] thought and a few obvious answers came to him. Among them was the truth. But—he was working at a disadvantage. He had no way to know that there were [Mages] celebrating and toasting each other as they watched through the Grand Queen’s large mirror. Or Drakes who had the same intelligence. He could only suspect.
As the Grand Queen began moving towards a secondary chamber and the Wistram [Mages] began taking notes, Anand surveyed the other Queens. Two were coordinating attacks with the Grand Queen on the fleeing adventurer groups, albeit without much hope.
The Silent Queen and Flying Queen were occupied with that. The Armored Queen was refusing to move her position, devoting her every energy to saving one more Birther sac, one more forge…
And of course, that left two more Queens.
“Anand. You are safe and the Free Antinium delegation unharmed?”
The Free Queen spoke directly to him. Anand nodded.
“Yes, my Queen. We did not participate in the defense aside from attacks at range. I regret to say none of the…enemy were slain.”
Adventurers. No, the enemy. Here they were the enemy. In Liscor—they were adventurers. Like the Halfseekers or Griffon Hunt or the Horns…
The Free Queen seemed to understand Anand’s suddenly complicated thoughts. She nodded.
“Remain safe. You are an asset. Twisted Queen, is your Hive safe?”
She and Anand turned to the last mirror. The Twisted Queen sat there, unmoved throughout everything. When she spoke—she terrified Anand. He had had…nightmares…of her about to drop him in the Birther sac.
“My. Hive. Is most removed. No casualties. No. Disturbance.”
“I see. Then where is Klbkchhezeim? Anand?”
The Free Queen turned away from the Twisted Queen, as if speaking overlong to her bothered her as much as Anand. He hesitated.
“I do not know, my Queen.”
The Free Queen stopped.
“He would surely be first to defend the Hives. Was he injured in the attack? Find him.”
It was all happening so fast. Less than twenty minutes had passed since the attack. Anand nodded. He’d gather the Free Antinium, find Klbkch…he saw the Twisted Queen lift a feeler.
“No. That. Is not necessary. My Queen.”
She addressed the Grand Queen, who was reaching for the mirror as she prepared to move with a full-guard of Custodium around her. The Grand queen paused, and the other Queens looked up. The Twisted Queen smiled with her half of a mandible.
“I request a link.”
 
—-
 
Klbkchhezeim of the Centenium sat with an old friend.
It was nostalgic. He was not the same as he had been in those old days. In either form or spirit or…strength.
But at times like this, he remembered. More closely with Wrymvr than Xrn. They were more alike, in some ways.
“The Twisted Queen is informing the others?”
“Yes.”
Only, it wasn’t verbal words, but a mental word. Wrymvr had not been given the ability to speak in the same way as the other Antinium. He could—but that was an adaptation. It was far easier for him to speak like all True Antinium did.
“Time, then.”
The Antinium rose to his feet. The two familiar swords in his hands. They were rather like silver swords. A strange metal, Relc had once remarked. The Custodium bore copies of them. Only…well, you could call it metal if you wanted to.
They came from Rhir, and forges so strange to the sensibilities of other species. Klbkch lifted them now, feeling they were lighter than before. But still heavy. Once, they had been effortless to swing.
An appendage blocked his path. Wrymvr. The giant Centenium spoke.
“Are. You. Prepared?”
