Interlude – Krshia
Page 1
Grumbling, Krshia walked out of her bedroom and into the living room. She lived in a modest apartment, located in a nice, Gnoll-filled street. But hardly large enough for more than her and perhaps a guest. Krshia had no partner and so she had chosen this small place. It was a nice one despite having only four rooms. Bedroom, bathroom, living room, and kitchen.
The living room was by far the largest as Krshia often had guests over. She had two couches, a nice sitting table, and various rugs, a few stools, a table with a few Gnollish decorations—pots, a tapestry on the wall, and an old hunting bow—and a pile of bandages sitting in a bucket. Krshia stopped when she saw them, as she did every time. She stared at the bandages and rubbed at her eyes.
“I should put them away.”
She should. They didn’t belong there. But Krshia didn’t. She looked at the bandages and sniffed. There was almost no trace of him in the room, but from the couch she caught the faintest scent. Nostalgia, bitter memory. Regret. Krshia caught the scent of her deceased nephew, Brunkr, for just a moment. Then it was gone. She stared at the bandages and shook her head.
“Nephew. Ah, what will I say to your mother when I see her again?”
The bandages didn’t respond. Krshia looked at them and then went into her small kitchen. And she knew the bandages and bucket would stay another day.
This is how Krshia the Gnoll started her day. She rattled a tea kettle and found it still had water in it. Like all citizens of Liscor not wealthy enough to magically procure their water, Krshia kept a small supply of water in her home for cooking, washing, and drinking and had to refill it at a well every day. Or, if it was the rainy season, stick a bucket out the window and wait for ten seconds.
But the rain had stopped. And it had stopped for good; Krshia couldn’t smell as much humidity in the air. Normally she would be relieved, but the entire reason the Humans were coming here was because the rain was stopping—
“No. Stop worrying, Krshia. You can worry later, but breakfast comes first.”
Krshia tapped her head firmly with one paw. She was no good without food in her. Or tea. She bent over her stove, adding charcoal and kindling. Krshia nearly went for her flint and steel when she recalled the little box of matches. Octavia’s match sparked to life in a moment and Krshia grinned as she stared at the little flame. She tossed it into her stove and it was soon burning merrily.
In minutes, the water was hot and Krshia poured herself a cup and found one of the reusable, dried up balls of herbs and spices that made the strong Gnoll tea she liked so much. She dipped it into her mug, watching the steam rise up and blinking a few times, still not quite awake.
Some days she wished she had something stronger than tea. Coffee had yet to be discovered in her world, if it even existed, but in their infrequent talks about Erin’s home, the young woman had told Krshia about the stuff. Somehow, knowing there was a drink that would magically wake Krshia up (without actually having any magic in it), was worse than living a life in ignorance of it.
“I must ask her about this coffee soon. She said it is grown from beans. Can we grow such beans in Liscor? Where might they be found? It would sell very well, I think. Better than alchemical goods.”
