Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 41
“If they eat the swords, I shall be displeased. But I have been entertained enough. Bring my swords at all haste, Wil Kallinad. You have proven you were worthy of wielding them. For now. Do not ever be less.”
He vanished. The sand fell to the ground. Wil, disbelieving, looked around.
“Sail into the heart of the storm! We’re still being followed!”
Lasc overrode Delivan’s objections. He pointed back. Wil saw two ships swirling, refusing to give up the chase as the whales battered them.
The Illuminary and The Passing Shadow. Seagrass was lost to the waves, possibly dead, but probably not. The Storm Ships were in disarray. Even the [Pirates] and other Undersea Crews had had enough.
But the other two ships? They were coming at The Emerald Signet. Therrium had blood in his eyes. And Rasea was laughing as she dodged a whale.
As The Emerald Signet sailed forwards, Wil saw a ship block the two coming at them. He saw a warship, a horned head.
Prince Khedal had a deep cut down one cheek. And his armor was damaged around his side. His Minotaurs were wounded. Depleted in number. But the Prince looked at Wil. He clasped one fist to his chest as he looked at Venaz.
“We will buy you time. Sail on, Lord Kallinad. And Venaz of Hammerad—you are the pride of the House of Minos. You must not die.”
He raised a hand as his ship intercepted both [Pirates]. Wil shouted after him. But Prince Khedal didn’t look back. They disappeared as the rain shrouded the world. Venaz stared at the Prince of Minotaurs. And the sword he held. He started.
“Prince Khedal will not die. He is second only to our King. And I—”
He held up the sword. Wonderingly, he looked at Wil.
“You gave me the blade.”
“I guess I’m not trading it for favors. You can pay me back later.”
Wil weakly grinned. Venaz looked at him, and then reached out and hugged Wil, one-armed.
“I will pay you back. Somehow.”
“I—I have it? It was meant for Yerra. I—”
Feshi had managed to make the undead go back into the dagger. She held it out. But Yerra stepped back.
“You got it first, Feshi. And you heard what Fetohep said. It might be cursed.”
The students looked at each other. They might have said anything, or everything. They were alive, against all odds. And at that moment—Lasc shouted.
“All hands on deck! Move! I need all hands!”
The students jerked. Inky was trying to move, with her severed tentacle-leg. She pointed.
“We don’t have enough hands! We need your help! I’ll show you what to do!”
The students saw her pointing. The sails were in danger with the rain coming down. There were holes in the hull. And only a few [Sailors] were left. Venaz raced forwards, using the speed-enchantment of his blade. Wil saw one of the mirrors on his blade recharging and a second Wil ran to help patch the holes. Feshi, grimacing, pointed her blade and one of the undead appeared and began to scale the masts.
The ship entered the storm.
 
—-
 
An Ending. A Port, a Final Chase
 
That was how the battle ended. Not with capture, the loss of the treasure. But a storm. The storm Lasc had called.
And it was a terrible storm. A storm at sea; a [Storm Captain]’s first and last Skill of resort. Even in dire straits, they feared to use it.
Because the storm obeyed no one. And it could crack even a ship like The Emerald Signet in a moment.
Wil and the crew fought through the storm, securing the deck, patching holes in the hull. He watched his alter-self thrown off the deck and experienced the darkness of the sea until the fragment of him vanished.
