Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 13
By the end of the week, Grimalkin had received the lists three times. They didn’t come every day. It was some kind of code. But he was so busy conferring with Chaldion, getting answers from the two young men and fulfilling his side of the bargain that he didn’t inquire about the lists until the third time.
 
255.
220.
164.
 
There was…an upward trend. And more entries at usually a lower number. Grimalkin spotted a ‘300’ there, and then—
 
411. Underlined multiple times.
 
But what did it mean? Grimalkin pointed at the Street Runner, who backed up.
“You there. Who is sending me this nonsense? Inquire at the Mage’s Guild and report back! Move!”
The frightened Dullahan girl fled. She came back timidly with an answer that made it all make sense.
“It—it comes from House Ulta, Magus.”
Ulta? Grimalkin looked at the lists and suddenly the numbers were obvious.
They were weights. Maximum bench-press numbers. Grimalkin snatched the notes and tossed the girl a gold coin.
“Four hundred and eleven? The one at the top must be Lady Pryde? Or…”
She’d been one of the few to actually order his weight sets. Grimalkin investigated. Two hundred and forty seven pounds was a high number for a [Lady]; Humans had less muscle mass than Gnolls for instance, and the female gender…four hundred and eleven? That had to be the product of a Skill!
This was good data. By the looks of it, Pryde had put nearly sixty people on the list by the end of the week, mostly in good shape. There was a line separating the higher numbers from some very low ones. 140, 100, 76…new recruits? It had to be.
Grimalkin smiled. But why was she sending these lists to him? He pondered it, and then, almost instinctually—took the list with him to consult a…friend.
 
—-
 
It wasn’t Erin Solstice. Grimalkin watched as Lasica read over the list. The [Chef] was pregnant and now the entire floor had heard the news. Rufelt practically advertised it, and the long-time acquaintance of the [Sinew Magus] was practically waited on by her husband. Anyone bringing alcohol near her got smacked.
Lasica seemed to be putting up with the overprotectiveness well, or at least, she tolerated it. Now, she handed Grimalkin the lists back after hearing his explanations.
“Sinew Magus, she’s showing off.”
“She is?”
Grimalkin blinked at the lists. Lasica smiled.
“She’s demonstrating how fast her group is improving. Probably with exercise, potions, supplements—I bet she wants you to send your apprentice’s numbers over.”
“Does she? Well, it would hardly be fair. With my training, those numbers would be…well, at the start when the growth is most significant…”
The muscular Drake investigated the lists, muttering about data trends. Lasica rolled her eyes.
“You know, this is the only person who seems interested in your weights.”
“That’s…true.”
The [Sinew Magus] leaned on his table, heavily. The [Chef], who had still to really show her pregnancy, knocked away Rufelt.
“Rufelt, I can still serve food. Stop doing my job and get back to the bar! Grimalkin, you should think of it as a compliment. Now—are you going to eat the mountain of food you ordered?”
Proud. Grimalkin looked at the lists. And part of the fatigue he felt over the lack of interest…faded. Yes. In those numbers he could almost see the gains, the effort Pryde was making with whomever she was training. He picked up the one relic of his achievements.
“I am proud. Hmm.”
 
—-
 
