Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 72
He sighed. Bearig approached, and the others gathered around their protector. Pisces, the [Necromancer], the Gold-rank adventurer, stood, looking around as the sun rose.
“Where are you going to take us?”
Pisces felt the sun warm his skin and sighed.
At last. It felt so long since he had seen it.
“Somewhere safe.”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This chapter has been the most cursed in history. I wrote it at the end of my writing cycle so I was tired in Draft #1. I took a two week-vacation and Diana, the editor, also had troubles on her end.
My computer tried to delete itself the day I sat down to revise it. Cursed. Chapter.
However, I will say this: it needed editing. I will link a copy of the old chapter below, as well as Diana’s letter to me. You may read it, but I deliberately avoided posting Draft #1 for a simple reason: it wasn’t good enough.
You can see why, but the long and short is I wrote into stereotypes and tropes about…well, slavery and human trafficking and abuse. If you are going to write something that echoes reality—and believe me, nothing I can write can be as horrible as what exists in our world at this moment, right now—you base it on what is out there. Yet it doesn’t add to The Wandering Inn, or even our understanding of such things.
When I revised based on Diana’s notes and helpful reader observations from the stream, I felt a lot better because I knew it had improved wildly. That’s what editing does and the delay, the cost? All justified 200%. Not that I’m paying Diana 200%…but it was worth it.
If you compare the two, I think you’ll agree. However, it was a lot to toss at her. One of my readers observed that finding an editor is like getting married; a good editor for a writer is like a spouse. Which is an interesting analogy. To extend it, this is like the first date and I tossed…this chapter…at her.
I’m going to stop that analogy because we’ve gone too far, but the point is Diana got what may be the toughest chapter to edit I’ve written. Certainly the chapter that has gone darker and deeper than any before. Yet I don’t think it’s bad. I learned a lot from this one, and in conclusion, I’d just like to extend my sincere thanks to Diana and the readers who helped me get this one edited. This was a chapter that needed it, and I can tell it’s improved. Hope you…hm.
Hope you found something in it, if you read it, that was worthwhile. Thanks for reading. I’ll see you next chapter. For now? I rest.
–pirateaba
 
Pisces – Interlude (Draft 1) can be read here. It’s…darker. Different.
https://wanderinginn.com/interlude-pisces-draft-1/
Password: beforeDianaEdit
Diana’s Editorial Letter can be read here:
https://wanderinginn.com/diana-editorial-letter/
 
 
Pisces in the Village of the Dead, by Dr.replig8r!

 

