Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 17
There was an opening in the top, and a shutter you could open and close. But the shutter was closed at the moment so the fire wasn’t visible. But it did burn. And as a result, cold air was wafting out of the lantern.
“See? Nice and cool.”
Erin expected Selys to be blown away. With just a bit of coal or wood, the lantern would emit cool air as the flame burned! She’d had to line the insides with metal to keep the wood from catching, but it was free air conditioning! Another dream from her world! Selys just shook her head.
“I could have bought you a cooling stone, Erin. Or you could yourself. They’re not that expensive.”
Erin paused. Somehow, her friend managed to literally suck all the enjoyment out of Erin’s invention in three sentences. She mock-glared at Selys.
“But this is free. And very cool. Plus, I can open the shutter and depress people. Free depression! Get your free depression here!”
She waved the lantern around at the passersby, ignoring the looks she got. Erin laughed. She was feeling silly and free. Truly so. The young woman saw Selys roll her eyes. But the [Heiress] was smiling.
“Come on, let me show you the construction. And stop making people depressed. There are laws about it in Liscor, too, you know.”
“I’m not depressing anyone! I mean—unless they ask.”
The two young women walked towards the western gates. And Erin saw that something strange was afoot. Because rather than lead into an old stone road heading to one of the few villages on the hills, the city did not end at the western gate. She walked onto freshly-paved cobblestones. And then Erin’s eyes widened.
“Whoa.”
A street ran ahead of her. And then—more buildings. Fresh, new. Erin stared up at an apartment, tastefully designed in the Drake style with smooth stone and wide balconies. It was one of many buildings you might find in Liscor’s residential districts.
But it was…new. And not only that. Erin’s eyes slowly swept across the ground. And she saw a city being built.
Gone were the rolling hills and valleys. Someone had pounded the earth flat, filling in places, smoothing others, creating a flat foundation. People had begun laying cobblestones around cement. In places, rope and pegs clearly marked where buildings would go. And people were hard at work already.
Teams of black-bodied Workers were heaving huge quarried blocks of stone towards waiting stonecutters. Erin saw Drakes and Gnolls wheel barrowing bricks to another spot. The young woman’s eyes widened as she saw a team pulling up a wooden frame.
“No way.”
It was so…organized! Whoever had laid out this new part of the city, they’d done it so well that even Erin could see where everything would go. And more than half a dozen buildings were already up! In fact, Erin could see a tenant Gnoll idly combing her hair on a balcony as dozens of Workers trooped past, carrying beams of wood on their shoulders.
“I don’t believe it! This is incredible!”
“It’s been in construction for a while. Have you really not visited?”
Selys looked pleased as Erin stared about. The young woman shook her head.
“No. You know I don’t go into Liscor that much. And the Inn’s on the opposite side of…wow! This is incredible!”
“Don’t get too excited. This is just a residential district. The Council’s building it first, but the rest of the expansion will make Liscor a third again as big. But the Council wants it done by sections. Let me show you the area I bought. This way—and watch out for the construction teams. Not all are employed by the city and quality varies. I paid for Antinium Workers, by the by.”
