Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 42
“Don’t get close! He dropped Captain Ulne with a single punch!”
“Crossbows! Where are the [Mages]?”
Rabbiteater whirled. Talia and the Order of Seasons were shouting for him.
“Ser Solstice! To us!”
There was no surrendering now. The [Captain] aside—the [Soldiers] were dead. Their blood was up.
Rabbiteater raised his fists. He still felt—tingly. And he felt a hand on his shoulder. He kept looking there. Looking for Erin—
But there was no time.
“Back! All of you! No one else dies! If he got Ulne, then he’ll get through me!”
The Bear of Ailendamus roared through the ranks of the [Soldiers]. He halted. And Rabbiteater looked at the [General] of the army.
His [Dangersense] began to tingle. Even with whatever was in him?
“Huh. Either you leveled up or something’s happened.”
Yerzhen’s eyes narrowed. The [General] stopped, regarding Rabbiteater. Could he see it? Did he know what had happened? Rabbiteater didn’t know himself.
“Sorry.”
He meant the [Captain], not the others. Yerzhen clenched one huge fist.
“Never met a [Knight] who said ‘sorry’. You lot! Stop the other [Knights]. The rest of you—keep this one from running. We’ll make it a fistfight!”
The other Bear Brawlers cheered. They formed a ring, confident suddenly, cheering on their [General]. Rabbiteater recognized the ritual, if not the details. It was like a Redfang fighting ring.
“Well, come on. They call you the Goblin Slayer, huh? I’ve fought Hobs before. And Chieftains. Even the great hulking bastards.”
The Bear General smashed a fist into one hand. Rabbiteater wavered.
Even…?
The power infusing him suddenly felt strained. He looked at the man and checked his own weight. He realized—he might weigh less than half the Bear General’s weight. Armor or not.
But the strength! The two stared at each other. Then Rabbiteater drew the sword. He slashed as he went for the dagger.
This time Yerzhen caught the blade. His eyes narrowed. He tore it from Rabbiteater’s grasp and then snapped it with his bare hands.
“You’re going to need a better sword. Come on, Ser Knight. Show me what you’ve got!”
“Bear! Bear! Bear!”
The [Soldiers] were chanting. Rabbiteater hesitated. Then he tossed the throwing axe behind him. Daggers too. He raised his fists. Then he charged.
The first punch was so fast even with his enhanced reflexes he barely ducked it. Rabbiteater threw an uppercut—
Yerzhen blocked it with a grunt. He stared at Rabbiteater, then threw a hook. The [Knight] dodged back.
It was just a blur. Rabbiteater faltered. Yerzhen swore.
“It’s a thrones-damned Skill buff! Too bad it wasn’t a capstone level, huh?”
He shook out his hand. Rabbiteater stared at his fist as if it had let him down. The Bear grinned.
“It’s not that easy.”
He charged with a roar. Rabbiteater made the mistake of attacking. His fist hit the man in the shoulder and then the shoulder-charge threw him to the ground. He rolled—
Talia saw Yerzhen’s fist crumple the side of Ser Solstice’s helmet. The figure staggered. She shouted.
“No!”
 
—-
 
It occurred to Rabbiteater that he had underestimated Yerzhen. He had no idea what level the man was. The world flashed as he stumbled.
The fragmentary thoughts in the nanoseconds of consciousness turning on, off, resetting the power and rebooting—
Maybe he’s better than Garen Redfang. Ridiculous! Or was it?
He was…
A [General]. Half a second. Rabbiteater’s head lowered—the helmet was dented against his head. Then he saw the second punch coming at his head.
He jerked backwards, fell on his back. Yerzhen stomped. Rabbiteater rolled away.
