Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 0

(The author is on their monthly break! The story will be back on December 5th, or December 8th for Public readers!)
 
The Meeting of Tribes. Mrsha stopped playing teleport-tag in the inn and looked up. The other Gnolls looked up, ears perking.
Many were City Gnolls. Or—straddled the brink between City and Plains Gnoll. They might be of the Silverfang Tribe—or other tribes, but they worked in the cities now and called Pallass and Liscor their homes.
Some would say they’d been ‘lost’ to the Drake’s walls and permanent homes. The City Gnolls had different opinions. But still. Even those not born into a tribe had heard of the great gathering of their people.
First once every two hundred years. Then once a century. Then—once every twenty years, as it was decided the tribes must stay together. The reason the Meeting of Tribes, or ‘Gnollmoot’ as some nicknamed it—Erin—had become more frequent was tied to the decline in the power of Gnolls in general.
Once, they had been one of two main species in Izril. That was their golden era. Then had come the Drakes, and Harpies and Gnolls had found the might of Dragons too much to overcome. One species had been lost, abandoning their home and lost to the world except as Demons of Rhir.
The other had gone into hiding. They had eventually returned, and brought down the Walled Cities. Then had been a silver era, if you were going to categorize by metals. Gnolls versus Drakes, sometimes in harmony, other times in war, but two species once more.
Then—the Humans of Izril came from the north, millennia ago, and took the northern half of the continent. Gnolls fought Drakes. Gnolls fought Humans.
They had been forced into the Great Plains of the south. A fraction of a fraction. A dark time. One could say they had recovered from the worst of those wars.
But still—the Meeting of Tribes was every two decades, not every two centuries because the tribes could not afford to stay separate. Like their Drake counterparts, they had to stand together or die.
All this was background that Krshia had told Mrsha—that Urksh and the Stone Spear’s [Shaman] had told the children of the tribe. Their history. What Mrsha knew now was that the Meeting of Tribes was upon them. Most Gnolls would see three, or four Meeting of the Tribes in their lifetimes. It was a momentous event where fortunes could be made, great alliances forged, and tribes given power—or lose it.
She knew that the Silverfang Tribe had been preparing for their part in it for a decade. Krshia had come to Liscor for this reason. The Stone Spears had been doing the same, hence why they had been mining along the High Passes. Mrsha knew any Plains Gnoll with a key role in their tribe would be there.
And she knew also—that Krshia wanted her. But Mrsha had white fur. She was Doombringer, even if the City Gnolls accepted her with wariness—the Plains Gnolls would want her dead on sight alone.
All these things Erin and Lyonette had to know. They had discussed it. Made promises. But the Meeting of Tribes, so far off in the mind, was finally upon them. Erin looked at Mrsha, and Lyonette moved protectively towards her daughter. No. But Krshia stood there.
“It is time. May we speak?”
“Yeah. Let’s…Lyonette?”
The [Princess] scooped Mrsha into her arms. She should be here for this. It was her future. She was set to refuse Krshia, but the Gnoll had known that. And there were favors. Decisions to be made.
The Meeting of Tribes awaited.
 
—-
 
