Interlude – Conversations
Page 1
The Lucifen’s lands did not contain them all in one place. This was their central base and meeting place. Many kept to themselves, only coming here for the deliveries. And they sated their appetites here alone. There were rules, and they were kept.
Lucifen were allowed free rein in many other respects, though. Most were young. Visophecin recalled a time when there had been far, far more. But here was the irony: they were as dangerous as Ryoka believed. More dangerous still, because they were not foolish enough to go without allies, even before coming to Ailendamus.
The Creler Wars had taken a few of them. But Lucifen had accounted well, realizing they fought enemies who were natural counters to their magic. They had…a trump card, which had allowed them to weather that armageddon, purely because the entire world had taken up arms.
Do you want to know irony? It was not Crelers. It was not an enemy Terandrian nation.
It was Goblins. Not the last Goblin King. The one before him. Curulac of a Hundred Days. A hundred days was all it had taken.
Now there was a monster. Visophecin happened to know that Rhisveri had his own nightmares around the Goblin King. But then—he had known more than two.
So into the heart of the manor. What did you expect it to look like? Gothic architecture stretching hundreds of feet high? Some height of depravity or temptation? Carnal and sadistic passions unrestrained, or a kind of cold bureaucracy? A hidden menace draped in pure elegance?
Visophecin walked through a disguised door into the manor proper. He stopped and stared around his home.
House Shoel in glory. House Shoel in radiance. Literal radiance. The wallpaper was bright yellow, and someone had drawn a bunch of children’s doodles all across the lower half—even finding a ladder to draw higher up. Visophecin eyed a cute sheep drawn in stencil with two dots for eyes.
He walked past a giant sofa with toys scattered about. Past a room where all the latest Singer of Terandria song crystals had been obsessively bought and cataloged. Across a foyer with an open glass front that showed a garden blooming with every delightful flower and beautiful plant you could imagine, complete with benches for sitting, a pond with fish that would come and nibble at your fingers, and a pet frog section.
He passed by the servants’ mess hall. And their private kitchens, sleeping quarters—since it would be more difficult if they had a distant servants’ quarters, after all. And a private rec room.
And a pool. They had framed pictures on the walls. The servants, not House Shoel.
“Viscount! You’ve returned. May I take your coat? Can I offer you refreshment?”
A bright, happy voice made the Viscount turn. A beaming [Housemistress], in the peak of health, bustled up with the air of a foster mother. He hesitated, then shook his head.
“Perhaps another time, Herea. I am looking for my cousins.”
Instantly, the woman’s face fell.
“Oh, Viscount. If you had been here sooner—perhaps it’s as well you weren’t. They’re in tears.”
“Really.”
His voice was flat. Herea sniffed.
“The most tragic thing. Little Lesy’s Sariant Lamb passed away. Ser Tubeliges.”
“I see.”
Not a muscle moved on Visophecin’s face. Herea was used to it.
“Simply awash. I think Lady Gadrea is even trying to console Lesy.”
Lesy was a serving girl, one of the [Servants]’ daughters. Visophecin’s eyes sharpened.
“Take me to her.”
 
——
 
It was death by natural causes. Ser Tubeliges had lived a Sariant Lamb lifespan and a half. He was thirty two, and had died wanting for nothing. In fact…Visophecin stopped as he arrived at the wake.
