Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 22
“I must succeed. Which is why Erin Solstice will be there. Call her…a weapon even the greatest tribes may not guard against, yes?”
Lyonette’s smile was unwilling, but it was there. Erin Solstice was a fine sneak attack weapon. Especially since the [Innkeeper] didn’t know what she’d do half the time.
“I still don’t like it.”
“I know you do not. But I have prepared more arguments. Mrsha’s safety is only the first thing I must convince you of. Let us sit, eat, drink more tea. And I will convince you fully. Or did you think I would trust this great event to a bit of dye and promises made? There are…other reasons.”
Something about the way she said that made Lyonette hesitate. She ducked back into the [Garden] as a half-dyed Erin stomped out, grumbling.
“Keep laughing, Numbtongue! I’ll dye you as well! I need a bath! Silveran, can you help me get the bathing area ready? And…soap. I need soap.”
Mrsha stuck out her tongue at Erin. The [Innkeeper] returned the gesture then noticed people were staring at her.
“Miss Solstice—the tournament!”
The others complained at their chess games. Erin had forgotten they were about that. And the final game awaited. She snapped her fingers.
“Darn. But I’m all dyed! Maybe…I can soak in the tub and play chess since it’s just the magical chessboard? By myself.”
“Maybe Miss Octavia has a dye-remover?”
The inn moved around the [Innkeeper]. Inside the garden, the [Princess] and Gnoll woman locked gazes. They appraised each other.
They were friends. But this was an issue neither could agree on. Lyonette was Mrsha’s mother. Krshia, despite everything, was still thinking of her tribe. And this was a project ten years in the making.
Ambition was something both understood. Still.
“If it was the choice between putting Mrsha in danger with a one in a ten thousand chance of her getting hurt and not doing it, I’d never do it, Krshia. Even if it made the Silverfang tribe the most powerful in all of Izril.”
Krshia blew out her cheeks.
“I will convince you, Lyonette. There are many reasons why she must come.”
“Name another one, then.”
“There are more of the Stone Spears tribes. Children, who may have white fur like Mrsha.”
Lyonette’s fingers slipped on her cup. She looked at Krshia, shocked.
“…They’re all dead. Ryoka—”
“Ryoka saw them die. And their tribe was wiped out. But I have heard that Zel Shivertail rescued some from the Goblin Lord’s army. They were given to the care of the cities he represented. Not Gnoll tribes. Especially if…they had white fur.”
“That doesn’t need Mrsha.”
“They are Doombringers. So is she. To overturn the tribes’ fear of them…”
“Enough. Fine. You’ve made your point. That doesn’t change my opinion at all.”
Lyonette lied, uncertain. Someone had to find those poor children. If they were in danger…
It was good Mrsha could not hear this. Krshia nodded gravely. They sat on the hilltop, making sure no door to the inn appeared and no playing little brown Gnoll or her friends could listen in.
In that, they were smart. But they’d forgotten about the Hobgoblin, who’d paused on his way out of the garden.
“I have more reasons. Things to prod you with, at least. They might not all have my desired effect. Still…there is another reason for Erin to come.”
“You can have Erin. Getting her out of the inn is your challenge, though.”
“Mm. Well, she might come. I have heard there is a Human one of the Tribes had found who is a stranger. And another speaks of a Human that fell out of the sky. Dead, attached to some strange seat made of materials they had never seen before.”
Lyonette’s eyes flickered. Airplane.
