Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 23
“How have you infiltrated Menorkel’s mind, fiend? I challenge thee to fisticuffs, before I exact further retribution for your insult to this place!”
Ryoka Griffin just stared at the wrathful, living suit of armor. Lady Paterghost. And what was clearly ‘Nube’, the…what was it? A Mimic living inside her?
However, both Gilaw and Lady Paterghost apparently didn’t equal one Menorkel, who held them off the ground with an ease that astounded Ryoka. He looked around, as if for a place to dump them. Ryoka was trying to back away from a swinging fist from Lady Paterghost that extended, trying to make good on the armored woman’s threat. Gilaw was just dangling, making peeping sounds unhappily that said she wanted to come down.
Predictably, that was when Fithea entered. The ancient Dryad looked at the scene. Menorkel turned pale and dropped all three other immortals with a crash. They were on their feet in a moment. Fithea stared at Ryoka. The Wind Runner smiled.
“Um. Sorry. I should have waited?”
But she didn’t regret it, in truth. Because while she had an enemy in Paterghost, who literally slapped Ryoka with a glove—thankfully not her armored hand—she’d made at least one tentative friend.
Menorkel. Titan of Ailendamus, who only left when Fithea ordered him to spread the word of their guest and calm the others down. Who looked after Ryoka with curiosity and interest in his four eyes.
 
——
 
Music. It was about music. It existed. Sometimes people sang along. However, in a world where instantaneous music on demand was yet to be widespread or fully implemented, people capable of making real music were fewer and further between.
Anyone could hold a beat or sing along. But who wrote the lyrics, who made new music? It was one thing to meet someone who could play decently. Someone who could play beautifully? As rare as a warrior among warriors, or an Archmage of magic.
It was just that they weren’t always as respected. What good did music do to my ability to stab people efficiently? That was the kind of cave-logic you got.
Ironically, not among actual Cave Trolls or just Trolls. They escorted the band of Goblins, Ogres, and one musical Human into the depths. So the master of drums could get a look at them.
Kevin had played three songs, and the unknown drummer had approved. So had the Trolls, apparently. One kept reaching for Kevin’s smartphone and their leader kept slapping the hand away.
Trolls. Male and female, fewer in number than Kevin guessed. Even in their ‘lair’, what he saw of it as they took him to a separate chamber at the heart of this old Dwarven fortress, they were fewer in number than Ogres or Goblins by far.
Yet seventeen had beaten back a small army of Humans. Perhaps it wouldn’t have worked except in this terrain. But those drums certainly hadn’t hurt. Nor was it fair to say Trolls didn’t have their own advantages.
Ogres could all learn to cast magic. Goblins were numerous and could become Hobs and level.
What did Trolls get? Well…the power to heal from a literal enchanted spear going through their stomach, into their guts, in less than ten minutes. The Troll kept pointing it out as he yanked the barbed spear out.
Ow. Look at what they did!
Even the Redfangs were impressed by that kind of resilience. They were wary, ready for a backstabbing, but Kevin was mostly interested in who was playing so eloquently.
Even now, he could hear it. A low, much quieter sound. His ears were still ringing, but Kevin heard a one-man band, just playing some beautiful lounge music on a set of drums, echoing through this place.
