Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 30
Such delicious moments. Such informative talks. Such notes. But that wasn’t the point. As Teriarch stretched back, he heard a sound amid the talk, the eager questions, Grimalkin’s quill skritching.
Click.
It was the sound of wood on wood. A delightful little noise. The Dragon looked around. And he heard a curse.
“Aha! Victory!”
Erin, in a very unsportswomanly like display of conduct, checkmated Maviola’s king. The [Lady] glared.
“How are you doing that?”
“Pure skill! This is vengeance! Hey, Saliss, want to get in on this?”
“I don’t play chess.”
The [Alchemist] was in the group watching Teriarch, for different reasons. The Dragon leaned back, craning his neck to and fro.
“What’s that over there?”
“Someone take me on! Where’s Belgrade? Pawn? It’s been a stressful day!”
Erin Solstice was slapping down her opponents. Maviola had lost eight games in a row; Erin was feeling unusually uncharitable. She was warming up for a Chaldion match, and her regular chess game wasn’t until later tonight. She looked around.
No one met her eyes. Olesm might have, but he was in Liscor. None of the Antinium were her chess veterans. The staff hid. Even Numbtongue carefully and deliberately walked out the door and went into the outhouse.
Into that opening came a Dragon. The table of [Mages] fell silent. Erin Solstice slowly looked up as the half-Elf walked over to her. And the inn…
Fell…
Silent.
Grand Mage Eldavin. He sat down as the regulars of the inn turned in their chairs. They knew. They looked at each other. Someone ran for the doors and sent a Street Runner for every chess lover in Liscor.
“Hey there.”
Erin Solstice cautiously looked at Eldavin. She knew something. Reynold and Sacra looked at each other. Eldavin sat down slowly.
“Good evening, Erin Solstice. How curious. You know this game?”
“Of course. I mean…I only learned it two years ago.”
Erin’s eyes flickered. Across the room, Grimalkin snorted.
“Sure.”
The Dragon’s eyes narrowed. He recalled something Ryoka had told him.
“Only naturally. I myself learned the game two years ago as well.”
Sacra and Reynold exchanged a glance. Sacra recalled—quite vividly—seeing this game before. Teriarch had taught Magnolia how to play.
“Cool. Do you play chess? You’re uh—a friend of Magnolia’s. I didn’t know that.”
The young woman looked carefully at Eldavin. He gave her a half-smile, mysterious, a bit superior.
“One cultivates acquaintances over time. It is an inevitability of age. Would you object to me challenging you to a game?”
“Chess? Not at all. I’m actually a huge fan.”
Erin smiled. The Grand Magus glanced at Maviola. At the crowd suddenly pulling up tables, chairs. Palt produced a ledger.
Bets.
“You…appear more than confident, Miss Solstice. ”
“No, I’m not that good—”
Erin began, blushing. In other areas, she could maintain a big head. But a good chess player wasn’t overconfident. Neither were they humble. But the Dragon cut her off.
“That’s rather fortunate. I don’t play chess for lack of suitable opponents. I myself am something of a…master.”
The [Innkeeper] paused. Slowly, her eyes lifted and she met his.
“Oh, really?”
Eldavin polished his nails on his robes.
“I can’t remember losing a game in recent memory.”
“Huh. Well, I’m decent at the game myself. Perhaps I could give you a good match.”
Something in the air. Maviola blinked. Erin Solstice was terrible at using her aura. But the [Innkeeper] leaned over the table.
“Would you like to play a game?”
The Dragon offered her an arrogant smile.
“I suppose I could pass the time.”
