Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 42
Czautha addressed the throne. A faint voice replied. Flora’s eyes flicked left—and the Demons stirred. Bazeth had a tight hold of his weapon. Flora looked at him.
“Is it them?”
“Yes.”
A terse answer. She had not seen him tense. Few came to the Demon King’s court without some measure of hardship, but she had never feared guests before. Not Drath. Not Dullahans or Drowned Folk or the few others.
They were not strong allies of the Demons. There was only one species in the entire world who could convene the Deathless by their very presence. One race which was known across the world.
The Black Tide of Izril. The monstrous species that came from Rhir. Yet oh, how they knew the wrong ones.
For now—Silvenia called out, and it might be warning or challenge. The ranks of Demon officers stirred. Flora felt the air grow tight.
You did not know them. Not the remnant that made it to distant shores. Here came the ones who remained.
The Antinium of Rhir.
What did she expect? Thunder and lighting? Portents? Omens? A bestial roar? Flora had never seen any of them, but she had heard Demons talk about the Antinium like the Blighted Kingdom talked about Demons.
With awe, fear, distaste—like stories. Now, something split the air as the doors were dragged open. Flora expected to hear the voices of the populace, some kind of murmuring, for the Demon King did not hold with silence. Silvenia would make a comment, or…
What she heard was music. The last thing she expected. Music, which by every note and second absorbed and reduced every other sound in the universe to stillness.
It sounded like voices. It sounded like alien reeds, singing. It sounded like what it was—music of insects, come to life. Flora had never heard a song like this.
It was a sign and welcome. She realized she could not even hear all the notes; they strayed into areas above and below her hearing. It should have made the sound discordant, but the musician played on multiple frequencies.
On an instrument he had made. Although it seemed not made, but grown, from the same arms and armor they carried. The same material as their bodies. Not the common chitin of insects, but something developed, refined until it became a kind of material analogous to that of steel or other qualities.
The last of it outside of Rhir was embodied in unbreakable swords carried by Klbkch the Slayer. The body of Xrn, the Small Queen. They had fragments.
These Antinium were made entirely of it. Flora saw the instrument was made of a string she could not name. It looked like a spiral staircase, ascending. Yet there were threads within the complex creation.
No normal fingers could hope to pluck the fine threads, of so many kinds, so thinly dispersed together that it seemed impossible to pick one out from the other, let alone distinguish the difference in pitch.
Yet this Antinium’s ‘fingers’ were thin enough to slip between the gaps, and so numerous they played the welcome, or…was it warning?…with ease. Vertical strings, horizontal, diagonal, ranging into pitches Flora had never dreamed of.
So came their representative. What Flora thought, her only conscious thought was—
How beautiful. Here was an alien. But an alien playing music. Not a bug. An insect of a civilization apart.
How beautiful. And…how weary. Even the music conveyed that. The Antinium stopped, surveying the Demons, without fear. Flora saw they were seven in total.
Their leader and six…representatives. Bodyguards? She heard Bazeth’s voice at last, as if he had held his breath for minutes.
“Czkelcill Mirrex. The Voice of the Antinium.”
