Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 16
“Alright. So, if I get lucky, here’s how we’ll do it. I’ll hang my helmet on the doorknob, like so. That means I’m busy. Don’t come in. Bunk with someone else, got it?”
The Dwarf was showing Peki the symbol they would use. She had the top bunk and he had the bottom in their room.
Yerranola was paired with Feshi. Venaz with Wil. Peki was with Merrik, but the two didn’t mind the gender difference. They were friends from Niers’ officer training classes.
Peki eyed the thick, plate helmet that Merrik wore, forged from his home’s forges. It wasn’t enchanted, but his hammer and mail were lightweight. Strong. Stronger than regular steel and made by experts.
“Do you understand, Peki? I don’t want you barging in and ruining the mood.”
Merrik shook the helmet at the Garuda. The bird-girl tilted her head sideways.
“Fine.”
“Okay. I’m going to see if Feshi’s interested in anything.”
The Dwarf smoothed his beard with some beard oil. He’d already cleaned the salt from it, and his clothing. Peki smiled.
“She said she’s not into Dwarves.”
“Ah, she just said she wasn’t interested in visiting Dwarfhome. There’s a difference. Besides…we’re all cramped up on the boat. What’s the harm in offering, eh? And she’s smart. That thing with the Professor? I respect that. Who’re you after? Venaz? Wil?”
“Eh.”
The Garuda made a face. Merrik chortled.
“A [Lord] and Sir Bull himself. I don’t fancy your options. But here—say you do get lucky. What’s your signal? Worse comes to worst, we’ll pair off in the other’s rooms and sort it out. But I doubt we’ll both do fine. Because I’m charming and you’re a bird-brain.”
Peki ignored the jibe. She plucked Merrik’s helmet from his other hand and smiled at him. When he looked at her, she pointed at the door.
“If I get lucky, I’ll use your helmet to let you know.”
The two stared at each other, and then laughed. In a good humor, they trooped upstairs.
“…So, Pheislant is a coastal nation. We’re known for it. We’re not as big as some of Terandria’s larger kingdoms—which is why we’ll probably do something if Ailendamus pushes at Calanfer and the other nations. They can’t be allowed to continue expanding.”
“But do you have the forces to resist an attack?”
Wil sighed.
“At sea we’ll do well. But Pheislant has a weaker land army. We don’t profit by wars like the Minotaurs, Venaz. We have lighthouses, you know?”
“Famous ship-guides, I know. I have been on a vessel before.”
“So you say, sir. Repeatedly.”
Captain Lasc and his [First Mate], Delivan, chortled. They were having a cordial drink with some of the [Strategists] and Lasc had lent the students his cabin. Actually—they were having a miniature lesson there.
“So this is the sextant? And you’re plotting us by—what was it? Tacking the sails?”
Yerra was looking at the map. Lasc nodded. He had a compass, a sextant, and any number of tools for navigation.
“Aye, Miss Yerranola. We move zig-zag, see? By the wind. If worst comes to it, we’ll use a spell or call upon a [Mage] or Skill to boost our sails. But we use the wind normally.”
“And we plot our course by the stars and the moons. Both of ‘em. It’s a Djinni’s riddle, to do it. But any [Captain] worth his salt learns the trade.”
Delivan put in, grinning as he showed the other students how to calculate their course. Wil and the others were suitably impressed as the officers entered. Peki and Merrik hadn’t joined in the little lesson, reminiscent of their classes. But then—they wouldn’t even need to do this sort of thing.
“Ah, there you all are! How’s it going? Dead gods, but I thought we left the book learning in Baleros!”
