Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 5
Her audience looked up, and someone murmured the name as Satar spoke it.
“Doombringers.”
The very word made the adults who’d been idly listening suddenly sit up. The children had already been transfixed, Satar saw, as she looked around solemnly.
“It’s not to scare you. Well, not just to scare you, young ones. They exist. Gnolls with no tribe—though they are of Plains Gnolls, not City Gnolls. Let me tell you a story of the Knocte Tribe and the Beast of Albez.”
The way you did a Retelling was stories within stories. So Satar set up the small, prosperous Knocte tribe, who lived in the foothills of Albez, long ago.
“They were a happy tribe, not one with great, high-level Gnolls, but happy. One day, one of the [Shepherds] saw a white Gnoll in the distance. She was headed towards their tribe, and though the [Shepherd] knew better, she did not chase the Gnoll off. She went to her [Chieftain], and her [Chieftain] knew better, but the Knocte tribe did not leave, though they saw the white Gnoll and knew what she was. The white Gnoll came among them, and they refused to deal with the white Gnoll, the Doombringer. But they did not do anything more, and for that—they suffered. The travelling Gnoll left, and the Knocte tribe thought that was the end of it. The next night—a terrible beast emerged from the foothills of Albez and fell upon them.”
 
——
 
When she heard the word, ‘Doombringer’, one of the Silverfangs leaning on a table and listening sat up. She was Silverfang, but she was also from Liscor, and the word meant more to her than other Gnolls.
Senior Guardswoman Beilmark glanced at Satar, but the [Shaman] was doing a Retelling. And she didn’t know. As she went on, her young audience drew together.
Wide eyes. Beilmark had heard stories like this growing up, but she’d forgotten how…grisly they were. The Beast of Albez fell upon the Knocte tribe, devouring them, unable to be killed. They tried to flee or hide, but it hunted them down. The [Guardswoman] gritted her teeth, listening as Satar told the Beast of Albez story.
The wide-eyed children were shaking when Satar’s low voice came to the end of it. Not just because the young Gnoll could project her voice or she had a way with words. She was a good storyteller and augmented her story with little bits of powder or magical components from her pouch.
A darkening of the air. Little shapes of Gnolls—the hint of teeth, a growl in the air as she cast cantrips.
“They did not heed the warning. By the last day of the week, the Beast of Albez had devoured the tribe. It sat there, fat and evil and sleeping—until a warrior came to slay it. Another Gnoll, who took vengeance for the Knocte tribe. But, oh! If only they had listened to the warnings. When you see a Doombringer—stay away. Flee the doom it brings! Tell your Chieftain so tragedy can be avoided. That is what white fur betokens. They bring doom. Misfortune. Wherever they go…”
She looked around, and Beilmark heard the Retellings again. As every Gnoll child heard it many times throughout their lives.
“…they bring only misfortune and death. But let us not speak too long on Doombringers and Raskghar and darkness, yes? My next tale…”
It was just one part of the Retellings. And the Retellings were a tradition that encompassed so much history that Satar could speak for seven days and nights and not come close to recounting all the tales—not that she knew all of them.
[Shamans] spoke like this; it was one of their duties. An activity for children, a peaceful one rather than hunts or gathering. Just part of life in the tribes.
