Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 51
But those were shortcuts, style that came from substance. Besides, he had a high tolerance for alcohol. So the [Innkeeper] replied.
“I choose to remember the happy days. I think I’d do that too, if I could. After all—the bad days suck. But that’s why I have happy days too, right?”
He looked up. Erin went on, spreading her hands on the table restlessly. She handed the plate of fries down to Mrsha; they were in the way.
“Back home—I had ‘happy’ days. But not as happy as when I came here. Because I never had days that super sucked. Well—a few. Still, I think it’s like that. I might have a lot of bad days in the future. I don’t want ‘em, but…”
She closed her eyes.
“My happy days don’t go away. They’re happier because of the bad days. That’s how it works. It’s like…d-diamonds in poo? No, wait. Diamonds aren’t actually that great. Daffodils in mud? Hold on…”
Saliss started laughing. It wasn’t complete, everything-is-well laughter. But it was laughter.
“That is the worst analogy I’ve ever heard.”
“What, ever?”
Erin looked embarrassed. But relieved. Saliss shook his head. He didn’t entirely agree. There could be lots of bad days. Enough to drown little flowers.
But when you were covered by it, you dug an irrigation canal and grew faerie flowers in muck. Or something. He’d work on the motivational quote. That wasn’t the point.
The point was…Saliss grabbed a handful of fries from the little Gnoll and noshed them down. Then he stretched, produced a potion, and poured it on the Gnoll.
“Thank you, Miss Solstice. For the advice.”
Mrsha the Floating wobbled past him, screaming silently. Erin almost laughed, but she was watching Saliss.
“Are you okay? I can get you more fries—you don’t have to go—”
He did the claw-guns thing at her.
“I have work to do! I’ll be back in a bit. Just—”
 
—-
 
He was just tired. Of that kind of pointless day he’d had. Saliss stretched as he entered Pallass. Daylight fell on his scales and he realized—he’d gone all the way back into the morning.
“I have not slept in ages. What a night, huh?”
He addressed a female Dullahan going for a jog. She stared at the nude, dirty, disheveled Drake with the huge grin, and turned her head all the way away and jogged off.
Oh well. Saliss kicked into the Merchant’s Guild as it was opening. He spread his arms—looked around, and then climbed onto the [Receptionist]’s desk.
Horrified, they stared up—and immediately stared down. Saliss turned to the crowd who stared in resignation at their city’s crazy Drake.
“Excuse me! I have an announcement to make! Where’s good old Chesy, huh? Have him come out here!”
The Merchant’s Guild looked for the young Drake, who was currently hiding for fear of…everything. But Saliss was beaming. He spread his arms, and legs, and with everyone determinedly not looking up at him, he shouted.
“I, Saliss of Lights, condescend to make the antidote for the [Strategists] from Baleros! I will be accepting their plea for aid. You may now applaud!”
Since no one would do it for him, he did it for himself.
 
—-
 
Later that day, one of the [Guards] on duty…in Liscor…had a horrible feeling. He nudged his companion.
“Tkrn. Tkrn. I have a question.”
The other Gnoll [Guard] looked up.
“What?”
The Drake gravely pointed up at something.
“Is that…Saliss of Lights dancing naked on top of our gates?”
Tkrn looked up. He shaded his eyes, then immediately looked away.
“Hm. Ew. Yes.”
The two stared not-quite-at the dancing Drake, who had a new audience trying to get him down. And throwing things. Tkrn rubbed at his face.
“Now there are two. Better get Watch Captain Zevara.”
