Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 49
“Liscor’s Council is free to handle its end. However, please bear in mind that the army will continue its advance, and we can discuss a siege of the cities. The Alliance’s terms…should be no less than exceptionally generous. Also, please, we must keep our promises to the Yoldenites. A continuation of this war may see a fracture between Luldem, Hectval, and Drisshia.”
Even if the war ended, Olesm suspected Liscor’s army would need to patrol the Yoldenites’ territory, especially if they wanted to figure out how to create a trade route.
He realized then that the army wouldn’t disband when the war ended. What happened when Hectval made alliances with other cities, or someone else attacked? He would be the [Commander]—no, the [Strategos]—of Liscor unless their main army came back.
Olesm sat there, blinking in the morning’s light, and realized he was the leader of Liscor’s army. He stared into the cup, took a sip of the coffee, and shuddered.
“Gah. That’s terribly bitter. Artur? Do we have anything to put in this? Maybe milk. How’s morale? Break out double rations for breakfast and pull me up a roster. We’re rotating everyone who just fought into Liscor on vacation. I don’t care if we’re marching them down instead of the door, everyone over the next month. Tell Belgrade I want to speak with him—and ask Embria if she consolidated her class. Oh, and Captain Voita after her…”
He got back to work. Olesm continued his war right up until he got word of the gigantic battles in the Gnoll Plains. Then he was racing, racing his entire army back to Liscor.
But that…was a bit later.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: Three chapters. 100,000 words. That’s a novella. Novel?
I don’t know book terms. Someone kept writing denouement and I sort of knew what it meant but I was too lazy to look it up.
Writing is odd. I wasn’t lying when I said I planned one chapter for all of this. Yes, I added more when I realized I had three chapters instead of one, but my brain can organize character arcs, details, a rough sense of narrative…
And I cannot tell how many words it is. Or how long a mile is. Or whether Niers is a foot or six inches tall. He’s six inches. I thought my hand was a foot long for some reason.
However, I am happy with this arc. It is a different genre. Much like the Wistram heist—it’s good to try and write in other styles. I doubt I ever want to try a mystery. I cannot solve any of them in books. I read Detective Conan and after 1000+ chapters, I never guess who did the murder or how they did it. Ever.
But I will keep improving! I hope to put out the edited chapter next, but we will see. Another arc down…let’s see if I can keep quality up as energy wanes. It was good that you voted for Hectval first; the first chapters after a break are almost always my strongest. Thanks for reading and look out for the Antinium! Especially if you live in Hectval. They’re probably not going anywhere.
 
[Like Fire, Memory] by McLoving96!

 
Take On Cara by Miguel!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/cmarguel
Twitter:https://twitter.com/cmarguel

 
‘Let me in’ by The Mepsir!

 

