Interlude – Talia
Page 39
“I work alone. People die around me. Friends.”
There was a heavy note in his voice. And that spoke of truth. Talia looked at Thornst and the man shut his mouth. But even Ser Lorell was nodding covertly. More pieces of the puzzle. Talia was wondering what ill-fated battle had led the Goblin Slayer to his quest. Perhaps he had fought at Liscor? Or been prey to the Goblin Lord’s army. Or maybe his desire stemmed from an even older conflict. Velan the Kind, perhaps?
They reached a larger town, and Talia got to see the Goblin Slayer enter the Adventure’s Guild. The [Receptionist] at the desk knew him. They stared as he poured Goblin ears onto the desk.
“Enough! Sir Slayer, enough! We don’t need to count—dead gods, you wiped out another tribe? We could as easily use a [Detect Truth] spell!”
The man at the desk looked at the Goblin Slayer, slightly appalled, but mostly awed. The other adventurers, Silver-ranks and Bronze, gave the Goblin Slayer their own stares and respectful nods. The Goblin Slayer paused.
“This is proof.”
“And so it is, sir. I can collect your bounty after I er, count…”
The man helplessly waved for help. A few adventurers got up. One of them, a Silver-rank [Fencer], leaned against the counter.
“You took them out yourself, Slayer? Dead gods, and I thought my team was good!”
“I had help.”
The Goblin Slayer looked back at Talia and some of the [Knights]. The adventurers exclaimed when they saw the Order of Seasons and they were impressed as the [Knights] introduced themselves. A bit wary, even; some of the Silver-rank teams looked embarrassed as they eyed the shining armor the [Knights] wore.
“You know the Goblin Slayer, Sir Mells?”
The young [Fencer] flushed.
“Just Mells. I’ve seen him about. I’d like to say he’s a friend, but he’s driven. He comes and goes; in truth, my team saw him in the south. He walked into the guild one day and dropped a huge bag of Goblin ears! That’s all he hunts, practically. Did you say you saw him fight? He’s never partnered up with anyone so far.”
“Indeed. He was a fierce warrior in battle. We wondered if he’d do us the honor of accompanying us north.”
Talia’s voice made the Goblin Slayer look up. He stared at her as she explained.
“We ride north, towards First Landing, or perhaps to any port if chivalry demands we travel elsewhere. We are returning to our headquarters, in Terandria. But your cause is just, Sir Slayer, and we would speak to you of chivalry.”
Her fellow [Knights] were nodding. The Goblin Slayer spoke to them. He could only hesitate and shake his head.
“I don’t work in teams.”
“Consider it, Sir Slayer! We travel onwards at speed come tomorrow. But your talents are wasted as a mere—”
Ser Lorell caught himself, looking around. He coughed.
“That is to say, your task is a noble one. And the path of a [Knight] is one of worth! Let us at least speak to you of valor.”
He waited. Talia held her breath. But all the armored figure did was nod.
“I’ll think about it. Tell you tomorrow.”
She hoped he’d agree as they rested that night in the town. He was fascinating to her.
 
—-
 
That night, Rabbiteater left the town through the main gates. He didn’t need to skulk. The [Sentries] waved him past after one glance. One of them called out good-naturedly.
“Patrolling, Goblin Slayer? We’ve got our eyes on the horizon!”
Rabbiteater raised a silent hand in reply. One of the other [Sentries] nudged his friend.
“Let him go. He always does this. Can’t be too cautious.”
