Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 18
Too late. Drassi, meaning well, sprinted into the inn after the Drake. Mrsha tried to grab her arm, but the [Gossip] shouted as Lyonette turned.
“Intruder in the inn! Alarm!”
This time the effect was immediate. Shassa opened her mouth and saw Lyonette go for her sword. A pair of Antinium Soldiers sitting at the bar surged to their feet. She backed up.
“No, please—”
Erin Solstice and Maviola surged down the stairs. Numbtongue leapt over them and landed with his sword drawn. The newcomers to the inn screamed. In the chaos, Shassa ran from the Hobgoblin, the Antinium, and the angry [Princess] with a sword.
That was understandable. Mrsha ran too. She weaved between the legs as all the inn’s defenders tangled up with the panicked crowds. Drassi was shouting an explanation, Lyonette was looking for Mrsha and telling Shassa to stop. Erin was demanding to know what was happening.
Help me! Oh, Ancestors, they’re going to kill me!
Like a beacon, Mrsha heard a thought, full of panic. The Gnoll dove through the crowds, dodging feet. She found Shassa. The Drake looked at her. Mrsha pointed.
To the door! Erin would probably punch Shassa’s brains out of her head and Numbtongue might actually kill her! The Drake fled as Mrsha dragged the hallway door open.
“Enough!”
A bellow from behind Mrsha. She felt Erin’s aura freeze the entire crowd. Shassa stumbled; Mrsha dragged her towards the door. She needed to set it to Invrisil!
“How? How—”
The Drake picked up Mrsha. The Gnoll swiveled the dial. At that moment, Numbtongue came charging through the door and saw Shassa holding Mrsha.
“Stop! Put her down!”
The Hobgoblin charged them with his sword. Shassa turned white. Mrsha yanked open the door. The Drake ran. Numbtongue hesitated, sword drawn, afraid of hitting Mrsha.
“I’m sorry!”
The Drake fled. The Hobgoblin pursued her into a room full of Humans. Half of them saw the Redfang Warrior with the blade and reacted like Humans did. Numbtongue cursed, but Shassa was out the door and running. And by the time he got free—she was in the crowds. He saw the Humans pointing and screaming and cursed.
After about five minutes, Shassa’s frantic fright slowed. Only then did she stop and gasp to catch her breath. And then, the Gnoll child she’d been holding under her arm finally got her attention.
“Oh no.”
The Drake stared down at Mrsha. The Gnoll child stared solemnly up at the Drake. They shared a thought.
They were dead. Mrsha had already had one bad incident with the drawers this morning. Shassa…she pictured Numbtongue lopping off her head.
The Drake turned pale under her scales.
“I didn’t mean it! Let’s explain! No—I’ll bring you back!”
That was a very sensible thing to do. Mrsha wavered. But she knew that Erin was about to destroy all of Invrisil to find her. She nodded solemnly. Shassa took a breath.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t think—of course it was a sacred place! I will apologize. Just—don’t let them kill me, please?”
They stood together. People stared at the outlandish Drake talking to the Gnoll child who never made a response back. A few began looking around for the Watch themselves. But Mrsha pointed the way they’d come, where someone was indeed yelling at the top of her lungs.
They began to move back. Shassa caught her breath, muttering explanations—or at least trying to think up things that wouldn’t get her killed in an instant. Mrsha nervously tried to think of how to explain how she’d known Shassa was nice.
