Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 7
The cat was tensed. It was able to pounce and it would tear dozens of Fraerlings apart each minute. Worse, it was fast, hugely protected, and it killed for sport. The first hail of arrows made it hiss. It dodged a tiny [Fireball], and then leapt.
It covered nearly a dozen feet and grabbed Noa. She swung her sword, screaming, as it tossed her up to bite in half or swallow with a single m—
Ekrn was aiming his bow at the cat-monster’s throat, enchanted quarrel ready to save—or mercifully kill—his junior. He heard a sound like thunder right next to his ear. Deafening. The force of air made him stumble.
Tschak!
The crossbow bolt went through the hungry cat-thing’s lower hindquarters. Luan lowered the bow as the animal yowled, and recoiled. Noa fell to earth, landing lightly given her size.
The cat bounded away, limping. The lesser scavengers scattered as the Human rose.
High—higher. Six times as large as the Fraerlings. They backed away, wary. One step could kill them.
“Take aim—”
Ekrn held up a hand. Luan looked around. At last, he spoke. Blood ran down his arms and legs from wounds. He was malnourished, parched.
“Fraerlings? I need…help. I’m…a Runner…”
“We don’t protect Runners or the tallfolk! Go! Leave our borders in peace, Human!”
Ekrn bellowed up at the man. He cursed. The Human had somehow stumbled onto one of the ‘Fraerling Villages’, the rare, hidden Fraerling settlements that few ever encountered. Of all the bad luck!
Luan tried to back up, but nearly fell over. Fraerlings darted out of the way.
“He’ll never make it, Ekrn! At least give him a potion!”
Noa. She was on her feet, arguing with her superior again. The [Sentry Master] cursed. He eyed Luan, half of a mind to demand potions, and shook his head. He pointed; Luan’s leg and arm.
Telltale signs of infection on both. Ekrn spat with a warrior’s cold confidence.
“Looks like the potions just accelerated the infection through him. He’s dead if he uses another. You hear that, Human? Get lost and find somewhere else to die.”
“I need…help…”
Luan rasped. He took a step and the Fraerlings raised their bows. Five shot arrows; he felt the sting of pain in his right leg.
“Hold fire! Aim for the eyes, but hold your fire unless it attacks, you idiots!”
Ekrn berated the younger Fraerlings. He pointed up.
“Human. We will kill you unless you leave. Keep our secret and we’ll let you go in peace.”
He was lying. Noa knew it. Ekrn expected the Human to drop dead within half an hour and wanted him far from the settlement of Feiland. She plucked at his arm.
“Can’t we at least try to tend his wounds, Ekrn? Bandage them, at least?”
“No. If he dies—can you imagine what a corpse would be like, so close to the city? Human…”
Luan was swaying. He could barely think. But he knew he’d never make it. Still—the Fraerlings would kill him if he didn’t go. Trapped, desperate, after all he’d gone through, the man did the only thing he could think of.
He began to stumble forwards. Ekrn bellowed.
“No, no—the other way! The way you came! Right, not left! Not that right! The other right!”
Luan heard him. But he turned left, nonetheless. The other Fraerlings began to shout.
“Not ahead, you large-footed idiot! Behind! Turn around! Turn around or—”
The man stumbled forwards, and they moved rather than be squashed. Too late, Ekrn realized what he was doing. He’d heard them and—
“Shut up! Don’t give him directions! He’s going to—”
