Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 6
They were combat potions. Saliss’ specialty. The Drake stared at the [Alchemist]. He was now lying face-down on the floor.
“I’m tired. What?”
“Alchemist, what are these numbers?”
“Math.”
The Watch Captain picked up an empty inkwell, threw it at Saliss, and watched with resignation as he rolled and it missed him. She decided to get her answers from the paper and went down the columns. After a moment, she reached for her abacus and a quill.
“The numbers…look right.”
Five minutes later, Qissa concluded that it was sound math. And—based on the numbers, the [Alchemist] was about to make a thousand such potions. Or more! That was the sum he was using to calculate, though.
“Thanks, Qissa. They’re good numbers. Which one earns the most?”
According to his calculations, the most cost-effective was the Potion of Arrowshield. Qissa knew that one. You took a drink, and you had a second ‘skin’ or shield that would deflect some arrows. It wasn’t as great as it sounded; if you tried to walk through a volley of arrows you’d still get stuck, just less.
“All of these potions are lower-grade, Alchemist. Are you intending to sell them to Pallass? The Watch?”
The Drake had been sleeping—or just resting on his face. Now, he swiveled and like some nude model, propped his chin on one elbow as he posed on the floor, facing her with a grin. Qissa didn’t even blink. The nudity you got used to.
“Do you think I can get a larger fee for one of them?”
Ah. So that was why he was here. The Watch Captain blinked. Then she reviewed the lists.
“We…could really use Potions of Barkskin. Potions of Blaze would be army-only. Not that it wouldn’t sell four thousand—”
She shuddered. Imagine fighting Pallass’ 2nd with four thousand potions tossed at you by [Slingers]? Well, they did have heavy alchemical support. Saliss winked at her.
“But would I get more for Potions of Barkskin?”
Qissa hesitated. She pushed the paper back across the desk and the Drake rolled over until he could sit up and snatch it.
“I’d consider it a bonus for the Watch, Adventurer Saliss.”
She tried to speak to the Drake currently lying right below the eye line of the desk. It was certainly true. The Watch had to handle local monsters in conjunction with the 1st Army—and it was just as often a luckless [Guard] who had to fight a sewer monster instead of the army, which tackled bigger local threats. A quality Potion of Barkskin, the kind Saliss could make rather than a Level 16 [Alchemist] who’d just learned the recipe?
Incomparable. An [Alchemist]’s brews got stronger with their levels, and a Potion of Barkskin made by Saliss was as good as a lesser [Alchemist]’s Potion of Ironscales. Well—close.
“Interesting. Interesting. I’ll give it some thought! Thanks for checking my numbers, Qissa. Ooh! I got the prices on Potions of Arrowshields wrong? This is why you’re the Watch Captain.”
Qissa said nothing. If she rose to the bait—any of it—he’d just stick around to annoy her. She watched the Drake roll across the floor, still refusing to get up. He opened the door, slithered out on his front. Then he shuffled around—rolled down the hallway.
Thwap, thwap. Qissa heard his tail slapping the floorboards with each rotation. Then Saliss went down the stairs, thumping…it sounded like he rolled out the door of the Watch House.
