Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 70
Rose gasped, and Inkar lifted her gaze upwards to Eska and Honored Deskie watching her. Rose looked to Adetr. The [Battle Seeker]’s jaw was clenched. As if fighting for every word, to show them, for good or ill, he spoke. It was so hard—then he met Rose’s gaze and spoke.
“See what I have beheld. Our end. And…something else. Show me. [Vision of Greatest Battle].”
He added his other Skills into it, everything he could. Next, Feshi. She whispered.
“[Visualize Outcomes]. Let us see this world apart and know what it is!”
Yelroan lowered his head. His sunglasses flashed in the light now pooling around them. Shaman Theikha’s magic, shining like countless stars.
“My eyes!”
“[Visualize Data Set]. Let’s see who they really are, not just numbers.”
Gire joined them, her voice strong and level, but quivering with something she couldn’t process herself.
“[Superiority Made Manifest].”
She looked at Theikha and gasped. The magic ran around the ring of hands and people. Satar felt it building, but like a circuit with no end, an infinite loop, there was no outlet.
They knew what they wanted. Theikha had the power, each a piece of the puzzle. But there was no answer. The magic built—until Satar thought she would scream. 
Maybe she was. Adetr’s mouth was open, and Feshi was silently howling. Yelroan’s eyes were wide, and Rose and Inkar were looking up.
At a vision of their home. But it was only what they knew. Satar’s soul cried out, looking at them.
If only I could see what you see! If only I could tell your story perfectly!
If only my words would one day reach into every heart and deliver meaning like that. It was too easy to be confused by poor words, by other people who couldn’t show you what they meant.
If…if it were possible. Let it be now.
Theikha was struggling to carry the magic with her. The others fought to share her burden, but still—it wouldn’t happen!
It was so close! Satar could see it, struggling to get out.
Why didn’t Theikha reach for it? The Gnoll was staggering, falling, failing. It was going away. It was right there in front of them. But not even Gire saw it. She was struggling to carry the weight of it all and failing.
“It’s…almost…”
Theikha looked up. Her eyes met Satar’s and her voice rose.
“Do it, Satar. Show us! Only you can.”
The [Storyteller] felt Yelroan’s paw tear away. Then Adetr’s. She looked at Theikha. And then—she reached out.
It was right there, trying to materialize. Something—an idea that had never been before. The Gnoll felt like every fraction of space was an eternity to reach across. But she had to see. It was not will, or courage—but simply curiosity.
She reached out and grabbed something. The other Gnolls were on their feet, and they saw it, for a moment.
It was…a book. Just a book. A book, shining with all the things written between them all. Written in magic, glowing. Satar looked at it and tried to lift the page.
It was there. She needed to see it. She would uncover the truth of the Doombringers. She would tell this story. And tell it right.
The truth of the world was not one fact. It was never one thing you could point to—but it was still truth. Satar gasped. She reached out, and with all of her might—
Turned that glowing page.
 
[Conditions Met: Archival Storyteller → Historian of the World Class!]
[Class Consolidation: Shaman removed.]
[Historian of the World Level 25!]
 
[Skill – Tribe: F—
 
All the shouting voices in her head, trying to tell her so many things, removing, changing—were silenced by the loudest one of all.
 
[Combination Skill — The World of You and Me created!]
 
