Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 2
Relc was explaining what Grimalkin was pioneering here today to the others. Only, he was doing a poor job of it. Hawk had a cup of water and was drinking deeply; he was already sweaty. He must have just run in.
“Miss Solstice. Good to see you. Hawk? We’ve met?”
The Rabbit-Beastkin nodded at Erin. She smiled.
“Of course I remember, Hawk! Long time no see! Where have you been? Did you like the carrot cakes and stuff?”
Hawk smiled.
“I was wondering. Sorry, the job takes me all over and sometimes I’m not back for a month depending on how deliveries run. I’m going back north just after this, but I got the message from Magus Grimalkin…he’s a good client. What’s this about weights?”
“Yeah, I saw a few, but I don’t know what it’s about. But I’d pay to be here rather than the other way around! Look at this crew!”
Jelaqua grinned around the room with the Selphid’s eye for bodies. Maughin coughed and gently nudged her; she was wearing a Raskghar body, which explained why Raekea was keeping her distance.
“Jelaqua, that’s a bit immodest.”
“Oops, sorry, sorry, Maug. But it’s just looking.”
The Selphid leered at Hawk’s legs. Erin and Maughin both sighed. In truth, all this muscle wasn’t doing much for Erin. Ulinde on the other hand was peeking glances from her spot in the audience; not everyone had been called over by Grimalkin.
“It helps you build muscle. Which, I dunno, is a good thing? I guess. Grimalkin’s going to show it off to other cities, apparently. With weights.”
“And you just…lift them? How does that work, Miss Solstice?”
One of Embria’s [Captains], an older Gnoll, looked skeptical. Erin shrugged.
“I mean, they’re heavy. You build muscle with them. I don’t really see the point.”
“Because you don’t lift. It feels great! And it’s new. Right, guys?”
Relc looked around. Erin blinked as some of the 4th Company and Liscor’s Watch nodded slowly. Was it new?
Erin hadn’t realized that weights, lifting in general, or the idea of going to the gym was completely unknown to this world. Wasn’t it such a basic concept? She’d assumed it didn’t matter. But it did. As Grimalkin thrust open the door to the weights room and lead people in, he was already giving a brief overview.
“Thank you all for coming. I’ll be repeating this speech once I have all six Walled Cities linked to my scrying spell, but I’d like to give you an overview of this new concept I’m calling ‘weight-based training’.”
There was a murmur from the crowd. Some of the non-affiliated audience members, like Mrsha, Numbtongue, Ulinde, and even Palt and some others peered around the open door as Grimalkin went on. Erin froze by the entrance as Lyonette hurried over with a platter of cut oranges.
“…Did he just say six Walled Cities?”
“Training, as we currently understand it, is a process of developing the body to a number of tasks. There is incredible specialization, from [Martial Artists] who hone their body in every conceivable aspect, to more focused disciplines, such as training a [Warrior] to be able to fight in battles.”
Grimalkin paced back and forth in front of his audience, gesturing to the weights set up behind him and the apprentices, each with their own station.
