Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 19
Az—Inkar’s eyes widened. She thought, for a moment, they were referring to Az’kerash, a name she had heard before. But then she remembered.
Az’kerash was a name the Gnolls had given him. And the prefix before Kerash meant, ‘Slayer of Kerash’. So that meant…
Firrelle bellowed the answer as she raised her weapon in reply, lifting it high overhead. She seemed to approve of what had been said, so she howled at her tribe.
“Slayer of Muzarre! Before the Necromancer made the name one of infamy, remember it is just a word to Gnolls. As he is ‘Slayer of Kerash’, the greatest chieftain of his era—we remember the tribe that slew Muzarre the Dragon. Muzarre, the Tyrant of Jewels! The Dragonlord of Earth!”
Virreg lifted the spear higher. The spear—made of a Dragon’s tooth or perhaps bone, flashed in the light.
“Look upon your Ancestor, Drakes.”
That was the tribe of Az’muzarre. Smaller than many of the great tribes. Equal for history alone. And the weapons they still carried.
Eleven weapons, forged of a Dragon’s tooth or bone remained. The rest lost to time. Four suits of hide and pieces of armor. Dragon’s hide and bone.
This was the tribe that had gone to war, rallying the others when the Antinium tried to breach the heart of the Great Plains of Izril and pushed back the Black Tide. Guardians, officiators of this moment in time. They led the way, pointing towards smoke on the horizon. Not destruction, but countless campfires. A vast gathering that was visible even from far away.
The Meeting of Tribes. It was already vast—larger than many Drake cities. And countless more Tribes had yet to arrive.
 
—-
 
So they gathered. And those were only a few among the many. Other tribes came from the coasts and sea, like the Saltfur tribe, whose people sometimes became [Pirates] or [Sailors]. A few had roamed abroad, or called back individuals like Feshi to the Meeting of Tribes.
Some were tribes turned to war, like the Woven Bladegrass tribe. Others, peaceful groups like Greenpaw.
Vast tribes like the Wild Wastes tribe, who produced [Barbarians] who fought with murderous rage. Tribes who had libraries of books like the Inknight tribe. Groups whose entire reputation was wrapped up in an individual, like the Ruinstrider Tribe.
Each one with a different agenda. For instance—word had spread among them of a danger that might come for the Meeting of Tribes. Or simply one left alive.
“There. See?”
A furry finger pointed. The playback stopped. The [Shaman] of this tribe pointed. And the Chieftain growled.
He had been watching one of the broadcasts put on by Wistram News Network. From a Walled City, but it covered all kinds of events.
Like…a certain broadcast by the [Popstar] of Terandria. And shortly following that, an imitation of the performance by the Players of Celum.
That wasn’t important. Or rather—it was so distracting that most missed what had attracted these two Gnolls’ attention. The replay slowed on one of Wistram’s fancy scrying orbs they were selling almost at a loss, which could stop the projection, replay, spy…
The [Shaman] had fixed that. Now, he poked at the controls until it stopped on a frame in the entire event. The view panned across a guitarist encased in armor with a helmet on his head, shooting lightning from the strings. A singing Drake, a Human on the drums, across the crowd.
And there it was. A little Gnoll, caught mid-rave, waving her paws and dancing. Nothing odd about that.
But her fur was white. The Chieftain looked at the [Shaman].
“Doombringer.”
“Yes, Chieftain. I thought you should see it. What would you like to do?”
