Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 54
There was no context to it. None at all, unless you had listened to his story. After all, he was one. Alone, he was a single statue in a ring.
Right here. Below him, squads looked up and formed their own rings of bodies. They pointed. There. The [Strategist] stood on the hill as the clouds of darkness began to break, so Liscor’s forces fought towards it.
I was always right here. Squad Leader Kerone had never thought to ask for an Antinium’s past. He had never cared, though he wouldn’t throw stones at Workers, and regarded them as strange but not necessarily evil.
He stood, propping Belgrade up, and looked at the [Strategist]. He knew his story, now. At least, one part.
Silently, Kerone promised himself one thing: if he should survive this day and this war, he would go back to Liscor. Walk out the gates and head up that hill. Go visit that ruined place where the inn had burned before being rebuilt elsewhere and see…
Where Belgrade had stood.
The Antinium was cold. He was always cold to the touch, but as the sun shone down on his armor and head—as Olesm’s banners came to view and they saw Hectval retreating, and the losses.
The officers were silent, but Kerone looked at Belgrade.
“Strategist Belgrade?”
The Antinium said nothing. Kerone’s grip loosened. The other Gnolls, Drakes, and Humans slowly looked around, and began to lower Belgrade down. They gathered around him, and Kerone went to unclasp Belgrade’s arm from the arrow and fold them across his chest.
The Antinium slapped Kerone’s claw away.
The [Squad Leader] jerked back. He saw Belgrade’s head move. The Antinium clicked his mandibles.
“Every time I try to sleep, the voice speaks to me. It is annoying.”
“Strategist!”
Kerone shouted. He turned and waved his arms.
“[Healer]! Get a [Healer]!”
 
 
 
 
Belgrade, [Strategist]
 
Belgrade sighed as Kerone grabbed at him. But he listened to the voice that told him he wasn’t dead. If he were, he would hear Erin saying something about popcorn with yeast.
All he heard was…
 
[Trapsetter Strategist Level 33!]
[Conditions Met: Trapsetter Strategist → Combined Arms Strategist Class!]
[Skill – Antinium-Expertise Command obtained!]
[Skill – Prepared Battleground: One Hour obtained!]
[Skill – Army: Springwood Supplies obtained!]
 
[Skill – Squad: The Chess Club’s Stand learned.]
 
 
 
 
Elirr, [Councilmember]
 
There was no celebrating the day after the new element entered the Hectval War. Every other time Olesm had sent a report through—he declined to waste the door’s precious mana—Lism had brought a bottle of something to pop, drink, and toast with.
The bottle of Amentus wine sat unopened on the table. Elirr could have used it, to be honest.
Anything to tell him the world wasn’t as it was, and he wasn’t reading the casualty numbers right. The rest of the army had taken terrible losses, but it was the Antinium’s numbers that made him read it again and again.
 
Antinium killed, estimated: 938.
Antinium wounded, estimated…
 
That one number.
“A third of the Antinium division. How? This is more than they’ve lost in the entire…”
The Council sat in a state of shock. Lism was hunched over, staring at the numbers. All of the forces had bled. Belgrade’s division had been cut off, in particular trouble, but the [Strategist] had apparently inspired them to keep fighting rather than be wiped out.
That number. Wounded lists were far, far higher. But the wounded tended to walk away because a potion was so powerful. So the real loss was the damage to armor, morale, or the loss of the potion.
