Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 19
Armsmaster Dellic, the same man who had led Illivere’s living armies during the war, turned and bowed. He hesitated as he saw Nsiia, but she smiled.
“Armsmaster. You look as well as the day I surrendered.”
“It’s good to see you in health, Empress.”
The man muttered. Nsiia took pity.
“A [Soldier] does what he must, Armsmaster. Vasraf would have done the same if the situations were reversed. I hold no grudge against you.”
She winked and the man straightened.
“It’s kind of you to say, Empress.”
“Former-Empress, Armsmaster.”
“Very good, Magus-Crafter. I ah, have what you requested right here.”
The man produced a little bundle wrapped in white cloth, looking embarrassed for some reason. The Magus-Crafter smiled.
“Thank you. Did you wait long?”
The [Armsmaster] shook his head mutely. He looked around at the Crafter’s workshops, set in this most prestigious, most important part of the city. The ‘practice courts’ were not for people with swords, incidentally. They were for Golems to walk around in, even spar.
“I made good time, Magus-Crafter. It’s an honor to help with the Testing.”
It was a strange thing. Dellic was a rather good fighter, as Nsiia understood it. As [Armsmaster of Steel], he was a formidable man and Nsiia would have placed him highly in her own armies, especially as a trainer of new warriors. He seemed loyal, an excellent virtue, and Magus-Crafter Femithain clearly held the man in some regard, and the same was more than true of Dellic.
However—the man was in charge of all of Illivere’s armed forces. An [Armsmaster]? And to judge by the way some of the Crafters were looking down their noses at this intruder, even the way Dellic stood, it was clear they regarded him as being little more than an elevated [Guard].
It annoyed Nsiia no end. She was a non-Crafter, and thus inferior, but like a peacock, she was awarded a significance as a former [Empress] as well as her beauty and fighting grace, which Illivere’s citizens had in short supply. But that only meant she empathized with Dellic; to some, she was an exotic beauty, excellent to be turned into a Golem—but not a person.
“Armsmaster, do you have much to do in times of peace? These wars with Reim must surely keep you busy.”
The man started and bowed again.
“I am much less busy in times of peace, Empr—Highborn Nsiia, it’s true. I maintain Illivere’s Sword Regiment…s…with volunteers. Right now I’m drilling as many as I can get to enlist. The Magus-Crafter has kept us from war…”
And long may he continue to do so. That was the man’s unspoken message. Nsiia nodded.
“What’s the latest with the King of Destruction?”
Femithain was busy unwrapping Dellic’s gift. The two stood to the side, talking knowledgably, even agreeably. If Nsiia liked Femithain—she and Dellic shared a bond of understanding.
“Armies are pouring into Reim. Hellios being encouraged to rebel—but no one’s jumping up yet, just a few idiots who got squashed. Not with the Steward shooting across the borders. Er—the King of Destruction’s slowed Medain and his eastern flank, though. Mars and Orthenon both sacked cities.”
“By themselves?”
“Small group. Apparently the Illusionist broke through the gates, climbed onto the walls, and fought for six hours until the defenders broke and ran.”
Nsiia nodded.
“That sounds like her, at least. No small city could stop the Illusionist—or the Steward. What of Pathseeker?”
“Gazi the Omniscient? Nowhere to be seen. But that just makes everyone worried.”
The two chuckled over that. Nsiia heard a sigh and turned. Femithain had Dellic’s object that he wanted to place in the heart. Nsiia saw…
