Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 11
“Let’s simplify the issue. The Mithril Razor, everyone. We can either retreat or fight on. Given the options? I choose to fight on. So the issue becomes dealing with Manus. Either we combat them, force them to retreat, or do it in a way other than warfare. I’ve already asked the Council to make a loud, public objection to Manus—and they’ve apparently denied it. However, it might force them off.”
His officers looked at him, and Embria grimaced.
“No proof. Manus probably won’t back off.”
“Then, we have to win. They’ve sent four hundred. It’s…a lot, but Hectval was on the back foot but for them. We collect ourselves, fight back, and account for their numbers. Especially if we can flank them or ambush them with [Archers].”
Elites or not, no one liked an arrow in the chest. Why…even a Level 40 individual died without Skills. In fact, even a [Lady]…
Olesm stared blankly at the table. He blinked when he realized he was drifting and spoke briskly.
“I also have to congratulate Belgrade on his class consolidation. I’m sure he’ll be an asset to the right wing. [Combined Arms Strategist] Belgrade…we’ll have to give you a party later.”
Belgrade lifted an arm as everyone turned, and a few officers applauded politely.
“When I am able to metabolize food without pain, I will gladly partake. My stomach was nicked by the poison arrow.”
“[Combined Arms Strategist]. Wonderful.”
A somewhat weak Captain Vell growled under her breath. She’d hauled herself up to participate in the discussions since she was out of fighting for at least a week. Olesm eyed her.
“Belgrade will now be making use of his new Skills in his command, and I’m leaving the right wing to him, not just one division. Ramia will serve under his forces. I trust Liscor’s 4th will do the same.”
Vell looked up and didn’t reply immediately, so Embria spoke for her.
“Absolutely, Commander. We’re ready to dig in. Now that Manus is here, we all have to curl up our tails and get to it. We’re in the soup now.”
Yes, they were. Olesm briefly nodded.
“In that case, let’s talk tactics. Captain Wikir…just how does Manus operate in groups like this? I’d love to say I can pull out a counter-strategy out of my pocket, but Manus studies strategy too. Let’s assume they’re coming at the Antinium. Now, how are we going to stop that from happening again?”
He was full of anger after the first defeat. He wanted to punish Manus for entering the war on Hectval’s side. Angry on behalf of the Antinium. Guilty, too, but angry. Olesm sent for Calruz. He stocked [Archers] up, creating a fast fire-group, and saving his barrage Skill for when Manus came at them. They could chew on arrows and see if the famous City of War had an antidote for that.
He didn’t even see Manus for two battles after the first. Hectval’s army was back on the attack, and they were feeling feisty after being bailed out by the City of War.
Olesm sent them packing in the first battle. The Antinium smashed a wave of Drakes, 4th Company led a daring charge into the center of enemy lines to snipe an officer, and Olesm gave the charge order as their entire vanguard fell apart. They ran, and only the surrendering prisoners stopped Olesm from taking a vast swathe of their army.
The second battle was more of a running engagement with mounted Drakes skirmishing with Olesm’s [Riders]. 4th Company got a bit battered, but he let the Antinium happily shoot arrows until the Alliance peeled off.
In the third battle, Olesm realized Hectval had adopted a new strategy. Instead of one battlefield…he had four.
