Interlude – Conversations
Page 33
Montressa grew excited, thanking Beatrice for making her take rune studies. Not a wasted course, no matter what her peers said! She was already thinking of where to direct Valeterisa when she realized—the woman was still speaking. And speaking faster.
“I require a birthday gift suitable for my niece. Ah, that’s Lady Ieka Imarris. Budget for ten years’ worth. I may also need you to send and write a missive. I will copy over a—no, you probably can’t mentally compartmentalize it. I will have the [Mage]’s Guild print every [Message] sent to me. Please reply, sort anything of value, and have it prepared. Finally, I am out of the following reagents and magical items…”
Montressa was fumbling for a piece of paper, but, to her relief, she saw Bezale, her great friend, her wonderful friend, writing like a Demon, as only a [Spellscribe] could, noting down the rapid-fire items. Valeterisa finished, and looked rather pleased.
“If you can handle that, it will be beneficial indeed. I will need time to set up the teleportation marker. And sleep.”
She sniffed her robes, frowned. She tapped her robes and a bunch of dirt fell off.
“[Cleanse]. And bathe. Direct me to a bathhouse, please. And suitable lodgings since I suppose I should take a day to let you familiarize yourself.”
“Y-yes, Archmage Valeterisa. I’ll get on it.”
Montressa’s head was spinning. But as she turned to go to Bezale—and celebrate and run around doing everything at once—Valeterisa stopped her.
“One final thing.”
Montressa turned. Valeterisa paused.
“Garry’s Bakery. Get me another pie from that shop. Ask for less bugs.”
 
[Apprentice Level 4!]
[Skill – Exhaustive Memory obtained!]
[Skill – Magical Tutelage (Grand Magus) obtained!]
 
——
 
Of Angels and Archmages. [Paragons] and Doombringers. Every Devil was a hero of his own story.
“I don’t care if some people call me a monster, you understand. I’m prepared for it. That’s what people in our position have to understand. You do what you have to do because it’s necessary.”
“Absolutely, Commander.”
The two sat together, in a spacious place to converse and drink some wine. There was an unparalleled view of the city outside.
Though he was technically far lower in class and rank, the other poured a drink for him. That was because he knew Peclir Im’s true status. The pourer went on.
“They’ll call us Demons, maybe. But I agreed the moment I heard the plan. It’s this moralizing that’s the crutch. You understand?”
“Perhaps. Can you elaborate, sir?”
Peclir received a thin smile.
“Come now, you get it. I’m told Foliana and Niers Astoragon were heroes. Of their generation. Dead gods, I’ll admit—I had a children’s book of them growing up. Forgotten Wing, the Named Rank team. But that’s not the Titan and Three-Color Stalker of now. The Forgotten Wing company is an entity. They have the boot on the neck of the future. That’s the conceit of these ‘Great Companies’. You become one, and you have interests. You suppress your enemies. Iron Vanguard, Howling Maelstrom, the Eyes of Baleros—they suffer small companies, but not enemies.”
“Very true.”
Peclir kept his face straight. He knew this person loved to pontificate, so he indulged him. After all…it was a huge request, but this wasn’t the asking part. This was just the delivery. So he could wait a few minutes, or even an hour if he had to.
He had waited for years, doing his part. So he sat, listening.
