Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 60
I, Satar Silverfang, would humbly like to request your attention on a certain matter which I have corresponded with His Majesty, Fetohep of Khelt upon, and I believe Drassi of Wistram News Network is also considering a television segment regarding said issue. I would deeply appreciate a letter at soonest convenience, as the Meeting of Tribes is ending, and it behooves me to bring this matter forwards as an issue of highest importance among my people.
It may be that you have an object in your possession that may help my inquiry into the history of the Gnoll peoples. To be precise, I am referring to…
 
——
 
Satar felt a flash of hope as she wrote nearly a hundred letters—and she thanked Mrsha, who helped bankroll the entire affair. Adetr, who mainly got paper, convinced the [Mages] to send so many spells and refilled ink pots because his handwriting was atrocious and he couldn’t spell. Rose ended up going with Feshi—who’d waited for everyone at the Weatherfur camp for nearly an hour—to come back with food, and Feshi herself joined in after realizing what they were about.
She felt like she had done something! Then…Satar closed her eyes and realized no level ups were coming. She’d already gotten to Level 25, of course, but she’d thought maybe after all that writing…?
No. No levels for all her hard work. Mainly because she’d been writing letters, not a story.
So she rolled over and tried to sleep, despondent. Why would anyone respond? She was just Satar and…
The Gnoll girl went to sleep, in the particular expectation of nothing tomorrow but disappointment and silence. Because she had never seen anything marvelous happen except between the covers of a book. Those were stories.
 
——
 
Throughout the night, an undead king from ages of yore when the dead ruled the living did not sleep. Six hundred years old, a mayfly in immortal years but heir to one of the great kingdoms of Chandrar, Fetohep of Khelt sat upon his throne and considered one thing.
“They make much of the blinding ego of Dragons. The arrogance of Drakes. The wrath of gentle men, the enmity of Dullahans. Worst of all, it would appear, is the pettiness of little children.”
[Message] after [Message] flashed upon the dozens of scrolls surrounding him, all asking for a polite confirmation that, yes, this [Message] was genuine? Was there a plan to…? Would he like to speak with Grand Magus Eldavin now or later? Wistram News Network calling. Was this in relation to—?
A little girl did this. One who knew how to name-drop his name into the ears of the high and mighty.
“Calanfer. The Kingdom of the ‘Eternal Throne’ has changed markedly from its original ruler’s inception.”
Fetohep would have had a headache if such luxuries were afforded the undead. He looked at the chess board he’d set up with Mrsha’s last game. Despite all her help, a lone king-piece sat surrounded by his pawns. Fetohep looked at Mrsha’s personal request to him.
In the darkness, the Revenant smiled. Well enough for a child’s effort. He rose and gave the children’s plan a little nudge.
 
——
 
They had done something today. Each of the Gnolls and singular Human could rest easy, even if it might not come to anything, even if that good feeling didn’t last. They tried. They made friends. They slept well.
All save for one.
Yelroan.
He didn’t sleep. Chieftain Xherw found him with his head in his paws.
“Yelroan? Is something amiss?”
The [Mathematician] looked up. He spoke carefully, hanging his head.
“I…can’t make sense of it, Chieftain.”
“About what? Your investigation? Are you done, already?”
