Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 16
The address was interesting, and the Street Runner thought the handwriting looked odd for Selys. But the gold coin was too distracting.
This was why you had rich clients. The Gnoll would run this to the Mage’s Guild, pronto. She took the letter and headed out. A quiet squeak of victory followed her out.
Yes, he’d done all he could. Haldagaz felt guilty for stealing Selys’ coins, but Calruz might be executed today. He was doing the only thing he could for the only being that had ever been kind to him and his sister.
In that way, the little white rat was quite intelligent. Quite loyal.
For a rat. His sister was trying to do pullups on a ledge next to him. They had been two rats condemned to a simple existence and a quick death when they were found. Now, two rats were trying to save the life of a Minotaur condemned by his own honor.
 
——
 
Antinium. Rats. A half-Elf, a Watch Captain, all speaking to the virtues of a single prisoner. All for one Minotaur. There was some irony in it, this month of all months.
For the island was fast approaching the House of Minos, and their old enemy had come once again. And not one voice in all of the nation of Minotaurs spoke up for them. Not one voice—and no one to defend Goblins even with words. Not for a long, long time.
Until recently. Until the [Innkeeper] of Liscor, who made strange plans. She thought, reasonably, she would have to bully and convince and bribe. Never once did she think there might be at least a few ears in unexpected places who would listen to what she had to say without reservations.
Here was the thing. Haldagaz’s plan worked. The Street Runner took the note to the Mage’s Guild, who translated the message across the world; their client was paying. Anyone could refuse to pick up a [Message] or request private messages from specified contacts only, but Selys was a notable figure in Liscor, and this was, unusually, still an individual of fame who accepted [Messages] from all.
The white rat had carefully timed and written his letter. But he had made one mistake. He was an exceptionally intelligent rat—but he was still a rat. So in his research into Calruz’s case and his attempts to find a way to help spare the Minotaur’s life, he had gone to the same logical conclusion a child might. He hadn’t known it would be Venaz, specifically.
So if you were going to plead a Minotaur’s case, who might you go to? The answer was…
The boss.
The [Message] reached the House of Minos, but not its intended recipient. Instead, it was vetted, because the King of Minotaurs was busy.
“An odd letter, but one I believe the King would appreciate. Yet I am sharing it with you, Prince Khedal.”
“If it is private, it is none of my business.”
The palace of Etrerra-Valar was exceptionally open, and the sea breeze would often blow far indoors. Unless there was a storm, those working here appreciated the contact with the outside world. They were, generally, administrators, the Mneiol, who had the authority to pass judgment, and occasionally Minotaurs in armor who represented the military arm of the House of Minos.
However, a fixture of the palace was the figure in armor who strode about with a pair of axes at his side. Prince Khedal was fifty-five years old, and grey had begun to enter his fur, already dark brown. He was third in line to the throne of the House of Minos.
Succession dictated that the Minotaur King’s family would be nominated in event of their death. After all, Minotaurs chose their families, so it followed that the most worthy would go thereafter.
