Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 12
Heaven. Something worth dying for. And more—worth living for. Pawn’s hands were gentle as he blessed the first Worker. His [Benediction of Hope] made the Antinium rise. But more than that, the [Priest] prayed, and the Antinium prayed with him. For the dead.
For better days.
 
—-
 
The children crept away as the Workers painted themselves. Shining with the drying paint, they left the chapel made only for them. A Worker with green pools of blood, as if symbolizing the other Workers. A Worker with a white flag on his chest.
It did not mean pain was gone. The two Gnolls and the Drake saw Pawn splitting from the others as they marched back to the Hive, bearing food with them. He paused, and entered his rooms.
A [Princess] slipped in after him. Mrsha scowled as Ekirra prowled forwards. She was pretty sure they didn’t want to see—
“…wasn’t there for them. I couldn’t bring them back. I tried. But one died. It wasn’t enough.”
Pawn and Lyonette sat in the room together. Mrsha heard him speaking, his voice low. Filled with…
The Antinium [Priest] looked older as he sat by Lyonette. She was holding his hand. Crying for him. He held her hand with his own, as if it were the only things keeping him anchored in this world.
Ekirra backed away. Mrsha looked another moment. Then she fled.
These were the things Mrsha saw. And her two friends saw something their parents had never conceived of.
Drassi wondered why Visma burst into tears. She thought Ekirra had been throwing rocks at her or something.
 
—-
 
Not all the Antinium painted themselves. Not all prayed. On the roof of the inn, now with three floors, they built a tower.
It would be tall. It would be fortified. No random Hobgoblin with a sword would destroy it. It…might have a ballista. Lyonette and Erin had sort of vetoed that one.
But the Workers there…worked. Building the tower up.
Slowly, though. Usually, the worked with a determined energy that meant they didn’t race, but didn’t stop until a job was done. Now, though, they worked more…slowly. Taking their time, passing objects to each other.
It was a new concept. There were more than there needed to be. Most of them were actually the Archer Workers.
Archer J3 passed a piece of stone to Archer B23, who had some mortar which the other Worker carefully applied. With one hand, the other [Archer] applied it. And with his two free hands, he slowly, ever-so-gingerly dipped a little bit of fufu into some spicy beef soup.
Fufu was gluten-free, if you made it without…gluten. All of Erin’s agonizing over bread, wheat, and so on, had been solved by Imani in three seconds when she’d heard of the issue. Now, the Antinium ate. And the one responsible for the food on the job, insisted on the slow pace—he was named Bird.
“Why did Workers die, Hunter Bird?”
Archer A11—the third of his designation—asked that question. His unit had seen high combat, but there were enough Autonomous Workers to fill the seventeen archer groups now formed in Liscor’s Hive. Thanks to Anand and Belgrade, the Antinium died less.
But they still died. Every head turned to Bird. He sat above them, in his tower as it was being built around him. The [Bird Hunter] watched the sky. He looked down at them.
“Why do you ask ‘why’?”
The Workers looked up at him. Bird sat there, legs dangling happily. He stared at some birds out of his range. His voice was cheerful.
“Bad things happen. They always happen, like good things. Sometimes people do bad things. Sometimes people do good things. This is so. I have observed it.”
The other Workers thought on this. Another Workers spoke.
