Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 15
“I’ll take your words to heart, Podk. Make no mistake—I’ve heard you. You’re dismissed.”
The officers stood at once. A scowling Embria let them leave, but Olesm called out.
“Podk?”
The Gnoll turned in the doorway with the rest, theatrically. It was about…Olesm sat there, looking up at him calmly.
“The next time you all decide to do this? Send Podk, and I will hear him any time. If you do it again like this, I will have the Wing Commander arrest and try you all as mutineers. Have a fine day.”
They left fast. Embria stomped out to shout at 4th Company to disband and turned to Olesm.
“That was handled as well as I could ask, sir. We’d send that lot into battle naked, but it might have gotten…difficult if we tried them all. Nasty business. What’s the plan?”
Olesm scrubbed at his face with his claws. He sat there, and the [Leader] thought he could see Erin staring at him. He looked at an [Innkeeper], a genius chess player, someone who could speak to Drake [Generals] and rub shoulders with famous people and Gold-ranks without blinking.
He wondered if she would have been a great [General]…or a poor one. Because he had always thought she would be the world’s finest if she had changed courses. Now? He wasn’t sure.
Because he was about to do something Erin Solstice would never do. Olesm looked up at Embria.
“Do? I’m going to put the Antinium division back, Embria. And let Hectval at them.”
He waited for her to smile, one hand on a fork. If she smiled, he stabbed her, and she probably cut off a limb.
To her credit, she never did.
 
[Leader Level 15!]
[Skill – Preserve Morale (Casualties) obtained!]
[Skill – Bloodthirsty Engagement obtained!]
[Skill – Detect Disloyalty obtained!]
[Skill – Hundredfold Arms Repair obtained!]
 
 
 
 
Belgrade, [Strategist]
 
It touched him, slightly, that his officers did not take part in that mutiny. He had no doubt they took part in the clandestine meetings he was aware they were trying to hide from him, but they did not join the group outside Olesm’s tent.
Still, they requested it. And still, Olesm acceded. And Belgrade?
He understood.
He understood, on the level a [Strategist] could, why Olesm did that. It was simple: the Free Antinium could replenish their losses. Just as was pointed out to Olesm, if this was a war of attrition, Liscor’s morale and soldiers could not withstand the losses that the [Crusaders] could.
The Antinium died. The Antinium were reinforced. The survivors wore the dead’s armor, picked up the weapons of the fallen or captured arms.
It was a cold-blooded maneuver. Belgrade wondered if Olesm had leveled from it. Certainly, the Drake had quietly informed Belgrade that there would be no need for him to order the [Camp Smiths] to repair a hundred of the damaged mundane weapons each night.
Such a useful Skill.
Belgrade hated Olesm. But he did not mutiny. He did request permission to take over the Antinium command and was denied. Again, for entirely salutary reasons.
“You are a [Combined Arms Strategist], Belgrade. It only works if you have a mixed force to command. Moreover—you’re an excellent defensive-line specialist. Hectval is taking the battle into a wider and wider front. I need you to handle the right. Can I trust you to do that?”
Belgrade saluted Olesm with perfect posture, as he had seen Embria doing.
“You can trust me impeccably, Commander Olesm. I will do my duty to my utmost.”
He meant every word. Olesm was right. He was also wrong, but he was right in every order. Just like shutting the gates on the Goblins.
That kind of right.
 
——
 
