Interlude – Krshia
Page 5
“I do not know exactly how it works, but I heard Olesm talking to Zevara. They found a—a broken mana stone. It is this small thing that—”
“I know what it is. What did Olesm say?”
“He said—without the mana stone, Pallass cannot send reinforcements directly. They will march an army north, but it will most likely not get here before the Humans and Goblins.”
Tkrn’s ears went flat. Krshia felt a jolt of fear run through her heart. She looked at Tkrn. The Gnoll stared at her, his tail lowered in fear and then turned and pretended to be watching the gate. Krshia stepped away from him and tried to keep her own tail from doing the same.
They’d broken the door’s connection to Pallass? And someone—the Humans, no doubt—had tried to make off with the door itself! They’d failed, but without a link to Pallass—that was bad. Beyond bad, in fact.
“What will happen next, Aunt? Olesm and Zevara are at the inn, but they are worried. What will Liscor do now?”
Tkrn whispered with his back to Krshia. She didn’t know. She looked around, shaking her head.
“I—I will go to the inn and see what they say. But I must open my shop, first. People will be hungry and need goods as with every other day. But—I will not work for too long. I will go to the inn after an hour, and speak with Lyonette and get Mrsha. I have business with her. Then, I think, we must call a meeting.”
Tkrn looked over his shoulder at Krshia.
“Oh. The curs—”
“Not cursed!”
Krshia glared at Tkrn, forgetting her fear for a second. The Gnoll flinched.
“But Aunt, the others said—”
She slapped him on the back of the head. Tkrn yelped.
“Do you listen to what other people say instead of thinking all the time, Tkrn, you fool, you? I am telling you that she is not cursed, and not a bringer of doom or woe. She is a young child. Nothing more. If I hear you repeat such nonsense again—”
The Gnoll [Guardsman] yelped and tried to shield himself as Krshia harangued him for a minute, then watched as she turned and strode away. He shook his head and watched Krshia striding away. She looked unafraid, but Tkrn wasn’t reassured. He had smelled the fear on her just as he had on Olesm and Zevara. And yes, he had orders not to reveal what he’d seen, but he’d talked to Krshia, hadn’t he? He was sure news was already spreading throughout the city.
So was Krshia. She strode towards Market Street, her thoughts in a whirl. Cursed child. Raskghar. Liscor’s dungeon. Goblin Lord. And now the Human army. It was all so much to deal with. She got to the familiar street full of street vendors and her small stall. It was already set up, the goods packed and waiting to be put on display.
The hour was still early, so the night [Guardswoman], a Drake, was just finishing her shift and being replaced. Normally Market Street would be filled with [Shopkeepers] and [Vendors] setting up and customers already stopping by, but the place was practically deserted, of both shopkeepers and customers. People were hearing the word about what had happened and staying indoors.
Still, that didn’t mean she had to follow suit. Krshia opened her stall, sweeping it clean and then placing some goods on the counter, adjusting one of her displays, checking her sign, and waited. She did not have to wait long. The first customers who came down the street were habitual early risers, people desperate for one good or another, or busybodies. Krshia knew them all and called out to them.
