Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 10
He shouted into the wind. Apista, fanning her wings lazily as she smoked, considered that Niers had just done his job too well. He had concealment Skills, and had chosen a route past the Bloodfields that had let them skirt Pallass and any major engagements.
Not that she could speak.
Well, bored Fraerlings aside, there was a lot of interesting things in the caravan. Niers sighed, then backflipped off Apista’s back.
“Catch me fifty feet off the gr…”
Apista sighed then floated down after him. Neither one was really worried; terminal velocity among Fraerlings was a joke.
 
——
 
On the ground, Fierre flew past Apista. The bee did a double-take. So did Niers.
Numbtongue just grumbled as he sat with his brother, Badarrow, and Badarrow’s…what was the Erin-term for it? Girlfriend?
That was almost completely wrong, but they were also not married. Nor were they going to bother with any formal system. They were a couple.
Numbtongue was still glad, heart-mended to see the Goblin he’d thought was dead after the battle at Liscor. However, this new dynamic? Not uncomfortable…just different.
Badarrow, the recalcitrant [Sniper], the grumpy [Archer] who was a Goblin-Halrac as Erin had once joked, was being cute. Tickling Snapjaw, feeding her ticks and grapes…and she was different, too.
“Numbtongue. Numbtongue, good songs. You know more Goblin-songs? I have some.”
She tried to hum a Goblin song from the south; she had lived in this part of Izril. She was sociable. Numbtongue had been a Redfang, but the company of his brothers—all brothers, the warband sent to kill Erin—had made him a bit unused to females of his species.
Not bad. Just…Numbtongue saw Snapjaw snap a giant centipede she’d found in half, and offer it around. Both he and Badarrow refused. Numbtongue was happy for Badarrow. But even for a Goblin, Badarrow’s girlfriend ate weird things.
Then the [Soulbard] looked up and grunted.
“Incoming.”
Both he and Badarrow rolled left. Snapjaw watched as Fierre thumped into the ground. She had been impressed by the flying as well. But she was fairly certain that you didn’t try to land on your head.
“Dead gods, Fierre, are you okay?”
“I’m okay!”
The Vampire girl hopped up onto her feet, a bit dizzily, but assured Fals that the fatal way she’d fallen hadn’t snapped her neck. She charged back…and then went flying again.
“Fierre! Stop jumping! I’m going to punch you straight into the fire—or into a cloud!”
The Vampire’s ‘flying’ was due to Garia smacking her through the air. It was astonishing how far Fierre could fly. She was fairly light, and she leapt about with considerable vigor, but even so…Numbtongue watched.
“[Enhanced Strength]?”
Snapjaw poked him in the side. He grunted.
“Mm. Oh. Nope. [Greater Strength] now.”
“Ooh.”
The [Eater] nodded at Garia appreciatively. The rest of the group watched.
“She’s going to have head-damage if she keeps it up.”
Sergeant Gna warned. She winced as Fierre took a full-force kick to the stomach. But the Vampire kept going, even though Garia knocked her sprawling countless times.
One had enthusiasm. The other had [Martial Artist] as a class and, by now, some experience in fights. Fierre was quick, but whenever she drew blood, metaphorically or literally, she lost her head and leapt in. She was too powerful, and the same problem she’d suffered in Invrisil was what she was trying to work on with Garia.
It was a nice floor show, though. A frustrated Fierre smacked the ground on her back next to Sergeant Gna, and the only friends she had.
“…Do you have a five?”
“Nope.”
