Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 37
A pod of dolphins had swum alongside the ship. They were racing alongside the vessel, making clicking sounds, leaping, playing in the water. And the [Sailors] were laughing, finding bits of food to toss over the railing.
“What is that?”
Ironically, it was Peki who hid behind Merrik. She squatted down, warily eying the dolphins. Merrik, Feshi, Yerra—none of them knew what the fish were and were confused. Inky laughed.
“Dolphins! They’re one of the smartest fish out there. Sailor’s friends. No [Sailor] or [Fisherman]’ll hunt for them—only shorefolk and idiots do. They save folks who’ve gone overboard. As smart as they come!”
“Really?”
“Surely! They’re playful! See?”
The Dolphins were doing tricks, dancing in the water. One flipped past the boat and Peki emerged to stare.
This pod was a mix. Some were blue to gray. But there were pink dolphins in the water as well! Wil marveled at the sight. The colorful dolphins were smiling—or at least, that was how they felt to him.
“So there’s not just monsters in the sea?”
“Of course not. Just the largest of them. If you’d been watching earlier, you’d have seen some fish. Mind you—dolphins are prey for a lot of the big ones, like that damn crab. But they can fight off sharks and they’re smart enough to run.”
Entranced, the [Strategists] watched. Then they realized—they could feed the dolphins! The fish were only too happy to eat some of the salted fish and other meats. Everyone was laughing and Venaz was actually opining to get into the ocean to see if they could touch the dolphins when something moved below.
A vast shadow. Instantly, the crew reacted. But the dolphins kept playing.
“What is that?”
Another shape. And this one was—vast. Not as large as The Emerald Signet, but far, far larger than a dolphin. Ten times as large. Wil froze, but Inky frowned and pointed.
“No danger! It’s a Nelgaunt!”
“Nelgaunt sighted!”
The others took up the call, relieved. Wil looked around. This he wasn’t familiar with. He saw a huge fish surface. Like a catfish crossed with a whale. Only, it had long tendrils. And it was…
Smiling. It had a shark-like hide, but a whale’s strange, feathery ‘teeth’. And it swam with the dolphins and they played about it, clearly relaxed.
“What’s a Nelgaunt? It’s big!”
“Another friendly sort. Two sea-friends in one day! Although Nelgaunts often swim with dolphins. They eat small things in the water, and they only fight to defend themselves. It’s one of the reasons they swim with fishes; they look out for each other. How else would you survive in the ocean against Reefeyes and worse?”
Inky waved at the Nelgaunt. And to Wil’s amazement, the Nelgaunt copied the motion with one of its tendril-arms.
“It can wave?”
“Nelgaunts make dolphins look like idiots! It can wave—might even understand a few words. I’ve heard of ships partnering with Nelgaunts. Training ‘em. Captain Lasc, thoughts?”
The Captain was looking into the waves. He saluted the Nelgaunt.
“If it were a baby alone, we might try feeding it, and taking it with us. But this one seems well enough. Let’s call it good fortune, and not push our luck.”
“Can we communicate with it in any way? This is incredible.”
Feshi peered over the railing. She made a barking call towards the dolphins. They scattered, clearly astounded, and clicked back. The Nelgaunt’s reaction was even more astounding. It blew water out of its blowhole. A sound trying to imitate Feshi.
“No. Way.”
Yerra was amazed. She waved at the Nelgaunt.
“Can you understand us? Blow twice for yes, once for no!”
