Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 28
“[Warmages] of the Albez City-State were exceedingly paranoid about competition. This is a disgusting alteration to the door. It bleeds efficacy.”
“Doesn’t it, though? I noticed it myself. Amateur work. But inspired.”
Crunch, crunch. Someone was eating something. Hedault found that annoying. In disgust, he rose and withdrew something.
A treasure. The wand looked plain at first. But the wood that had made it was ironwood. And the core? Heads turned. The Dwarf, Pelt, murmured.
“Now that’s good wood. Ironwood, right?”
“Correct.”
Hedault drew the wand down the door’s length. Ah, what a perfect spell. Barely faded with time. He smiled as the wand allowed him to feel the enchantment buried in the wood. He was no expert in earth-magics, but the wand boosted his connection, even focus. He sighed.
“I would take months to even try to alter this enchantment. Fixing this…basic teleportation network I could do. But I’m disinclined to work in this inn. Too many Skills; casting a spell in the common room would be dangerous. This has been a waste of time.”
“Not if we talk about enchanting my products.”
Pelt sipped from his mug. Hedault looked at him, annoyed by the Dwarf’s manner. Of course, he knew Pelt. And his image of the Dwarf’s craft—such wonderful purity of his metals, and delicate hammer work!—was rapidly being dashed by the rude fellow.
“I will make an appointment, Master Smith, to consult. I do not have a surplus of time.”
“Bah. I don’t have time for appointments.”
“And I am exceedingly busy!”
This place was stressful enough. Hedault turned and reached for the door. As he did, someone tapped him on the shoulder.
“Excuse me. I was actually hoping to consult with an enchantment on some weights. Grimalkin of Pallass.”
Hedault turned. He stared at a muscle-bound [Mage] in some amazement for a second. It seemed inconceivable that the body had that many muscles. Hedault blinked.
“…of Pallass? I can make an appointment, Master…Drake, but—”
There was a roar from the common room. Hedault winced at the unorganized sound. He wanted to go. But a third figure was there. He was a tall half-Elf. Hedault glanced at him as he stroked his beard.
“Interesting. Warmage Thresk…Warmage…it still doesn’t ring a bell. But it’s not bad. I take it back. Insanity room traps are entertaining. I wish I could have seen it. Are there more Albez artifacts? I should like to see them.”
“Excuse me, I don’t have time to speak about the entire history of Albez! Whomever you are. I apologize, but I must go.”
Hedault snapped. Teriarch fixed him with a single eye and the [Enchanter] slowed. The Dragon slowly popped a kernel into his mouth. Chewed. Then, he spoke.
“As you wish. But tell me one thing before you go. Is that a genuine Living Wand? I thought no one made them anymore. How old is it?”
The [Enchanter] wavered. He looked at the wand. Grimalkin’s eyebrows rose. Pelt scratched his head. Master Hedault…decided to stay.
 
—-
 
Later, the [Druids] walked around the garden with Mrsha. Lyonette didn’t like it, but they had pointed out, quite reasonably, that Mrsha did not know her class. And while Nalthaliarstrelous was arguably a public menace, Teriarch had supported him.
Lyonette was nothing if not practical at some points. Even so, she was sitting on the hill, glaring daggers down at them as they circled the periphery.
As they talked, Hedault found himself having a drink in the inn. The table was full, and onlookers hovered in the background.
