Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 8
The [Battlemage] winked at Vors.
“Yes, exactly. Which would you like to be hit by, though? A stab to the face or…?”
She flicked the staff, indicating a blow to head-height. Vors winced. Tusxe went on.
“The thing is, I’m a [Mercenary], as you said, Lord Solvet.”
She nodded at him. The man raised his hands.
“I didn’t mean to imply there was anything to do with rank…”
“Well, I did. And I wasn’t sure if I’d have to work with a [General] or whatnot…I’m leading a mixed-company, but mostly Lizardfolk. And I’d have hated to get some idiot who can’t figure out how to use a Lizardfolk in battle, no offense, Vors.”
The Lamia looked at the Drake. Vors hesitated, but then he ducked his head.
“You know, I had the exact same thought. I suppose that since we’re here and since no one’s coming…”
He glanced out the door at the hallway. The other two nodded. Vors leaned forwards.
“How does one use a Lizardfolk—er—[Infantryman]? I’ve studied other species’ tactics, but I focused mainly on tactics I’d see in Izril. Baleros is famous for its ambush-tactics in difficult terrain.”
Solvet edged a bit closer as the pig begged for another treat. Tusxe dropped a peanut onto its belly and they watched it squirm as she replied.
“That’s what everyone talks about, but if it’s a standup battle, Lizardfolk don’t melt. Well—okay. They don’t hold ground, but that’s because Naga-variants are better. You’re talking your basic Lizardfolk? They’re not…[Infantrymen]. They’re probably [Fighters].”
“Just [Fighters]? Not [Soldiers]?”
“Not [Militia]?”
The Lamia rolled her eyes. She looked at the other two.
“Your average Lizardfolk isn’t conscripted or wants a fight. If you get them in a company, they might just be…a kid who wants to earn money fast. They can use a sling, and they’ll have light armor. Good leather, maybe. And a spear and buckler? The trick is, you have them whirling that sling every moment they’re not fighting. They can do a lot of damage with stones and stones are cheap in Baleros.”
“Like a [Shepherd], or other village boy. A [Peasant] or [Villager].”
Solvet was nodding. Vors just shook his head.
“We don’t have the same traditions. Slings are Gnollish…most Drakes in a city might learn to use a bow or crossbow, but not slings.”
Tusxe gave him a toothy grin. Vors realized she was staring at Solvet. Not at him, or in awe of whatever physical attraction the Human man had; he was entirely too fleshy for both of them. Both she and Vors kept staring at his little wavy mustache in fascination.
“Well, I’ll see how good the Gnolls are. But all Lizardfolk can whirl a stone. Do you know if there are any Gnolls with us, Vors?”
“I have a [Charge Commander]—but he’s from Manus. As for the Tribes? No idea. Each one has a specialty.”
“Er—what is Manus? I thought the Drakes came from the Walled Cities…which are not alike, obviously.”
Vors didn’t take offense. He reached for the bowl of nuts, and Tusxe pushed the Goldflake Pig’s head away from the other bowl it was trying to drag off the table. She listened as he spoke with Solvet.
“Manus is the City of War. They do have a very martial tradition, but every Walled City has a standing army, you see…”
 
—-
 
One more hour had passed, and the three had just learned that the Goldflake Pig, who had been nicknamed ‘Nutball’, for its propensity to curl up with satisfaction after eating a nut it liked, could do tricks.
