Interlude – Singing Ships
Page 10
A wild world awaited, and not all flat. Mountains had risen, and in the distance, a broken city was visible on the horizon.
And that—that was only what could be seen whenever Sorecue surfaced. Yellow grass sprouting amid what might become a beach in decades to come if this entire cliff face didn’t slide into the sea. Strange ruins, a mountain colored blue, not yet frosted at the tip.
The corpse of a giant shellfish with too many legs, rotting in the distance. It had been killed as it rose into the unforgiving sun, and strange birds were already descending upon it.
Rot, that broken city—and beyond both, a horizon never seen in this age. Only the High Passes far, far away were even recognizable.
Up, across that shoreline Sorecue sailed, not yet surfacing again. Not yet.
For there were other vessels in the water. In fact…the very same Drake expeditionary fleet was navigating south around the continent from Zeres, using wind and water spells to boost their voyage.
This was a race to see what could be seen, especially anything valuable. The other nations knew it well. However, most vessels had been at port due to Fetohep’s warnings. Many Drowned Folk ships had been too, but where they docked was…closer than other continents to Izril.
Thus, more than one Drowned Ship was currently hovering around the new Izril. One, in particular, was close enough to spot Sorecue. The vessel had dropped its cloaking, and if you knew what to look at or had the right Skills, another submerged ship was as obvious as a beacon.
“Drowned Ship bearing 136 degrees.”
“One thirty-six, confirmed. No hostile colors. Captain, orders?”
A Drowned Captain aboard his own ship was using a telescope to see through the dark waters. He grunted.
“Signal them. Lantern speak.”
“Lantern speak, aye.” 
The crew got to work. They took lanterns and opened and closed the colored shutters. Ships above and below the seas used this as communications, although Drowned Folk had a few more. If they were in the deeps and wary of using light to attract…something…they’d get closer. But if they were both still wary, they’d send messages by literally shooting them into each other’s bubbles.
In this case, the [Captain] was almost certain the other ship was friendly, and that was confirmed a moment later.
“It’s…Sorecue. Crewed by no less than Shadeward Doroumata herself!”
The Drowned Folk crew all looked up. They might have heard she was at Wistram, but even so. The [Captain] tugged at his beard with a rubbery ‘hand’. He was part eel, a fairly common merging in Drowned Folk, but he had a beard despite being split across fish and man.
It took a bit of work on his eel side with its rubbery skin, but added to the cap he wore; when he was annoyed or just for the show of it, one eye would spark with lightning. It was an effect he was most certainly aware of, and the cut of his clothing also contrived to make him look like he was a drowned [Lord] of Terandria. Old, thick brass on worn velvet.
Drowned Folk fashion sometimes consisted of making them look like they’d just been blown out of a story. This Drowned Man was suited to the clash of swords and daring battles at sea. Quite appropriately—he was one of the most famous Drowned Captains in the world. He murmured as he scratched at his beard.
“Now there’s a strange encounter any other day. How many years has it been since she’s left Nombernaught?”
