Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 4
“No. Can I get it…softboiled? Hear me out. Give me a soft egg, with a gooey center, and some salt and pepper in a tiny packet. Then I can break it open during my lunch and eat it.”
The Drake was salivating at the thought. He also looked rather…content. Erin eyed him.
“Fun night last night?”
The Drake choked on his breakfast. Erin waved a hand.
“I’m not prying. Or judging.”
The Senior Guardsman stared at Erin warily for a moment. Then he nodded.
“Well—yeah. You could say that. I mean, it’s just a natural thing—”
“Totally.”
Relc eyed Erin, clearly waiting for the catch. But Erin was focusing. She paused as Relc relaxed again.
“I’ll get you the egg. You want two?”
“T-three? So I can brag and then share one with the guys. Or Beilmark, I dunno. Senior Guard pairings are all over the place this week.”
“Sure. Lyonette? Price me three eggs! And can I get a pan with water so I can boil ‘em?”
“Got it.”
Lyonette left the boiling to Erin since she’d used her [Flawless Attempt] for the moment. Relc rubbed his hands together.
“You’re the best, Erin. Have I said that recently?”
“Go on. Actually, I was hoping you could take a message for me. You’re on duty, right?”
“In…three hours.”
Relc craned his neck, staring out the window. Erin nodded.
“Perfect. Then—could you tell Klbkch I’d like to have a talk when he’s on duty next?”
Relc halted and frowned suddenly.
“Klb? Huh. Might be tricky.”
The young woman had feared that might be the case. She looked at Relc.
“Why’s that?”
The Drake frowned, and, abruptly, lost his appetite. He ate more slowly as he spoke around his mouthful.
“Klb’s investigating uh, a criminal in Liscor, Erin. There was a bad situation with two of our Senior Guards. Watch Captain Z’s literally spitting fire and Klb and some of our smart Senior guards are investigating.”
Erin hadn’t heard of this. But then, she really hadn’t spent much time in Liscor even after coming back from the inn. She leaned over.
“What happened?”
The Drake glanced surreptitiously at Mrsha. He motioned Erin over and spoke in a normal tone of voice. Interestingly, that was how you avoided accidental eavesdropping; Gnolls were more likely to pick up on a sudden whisper in a conversation rather than a normal flow of words.
“Two of the newest Senior Guards who were following this Gnoll—some big shot named Bearclaw? They got…”
Relc drew a finger across his throat. Erin stared.
“Really? Someone called Bearclaw…is Klbkch alright?”
“Oh, sure. You think they got him? He’d probably have gotten Bearclaw first if she tried, even if she’d jumped him with a gang. But the two others were…new. We haven’t found the bodies. Klb’s one of the people investigating.”
The young woman absorbed it all. She’d had no idea.
“Not you, Relc?”
The Drake gave Erin a sidelong grin.
“That’s right. Klb’s been busy on her case. Not me. I’m not subtle enough. But when we drag her in, I’m gonna be there. I’ll probably see him tomorrow, though. What do you want me to say? He’s sort of in a bad mood, though. Has been all week since the Bird thing.”
He might not have actually heard about the events last night, then. Erin felt her stomach twist, but she just nodded. All the more reason to ask.
“Well, when you see him next, can you tell him I’d like to chat?”
“Sure. About what?”
“…Things.”
The Senior Guardsman gave Erin a knowing look, but he just nodded as he reached for his glass of blue-fruit juice.
