Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 7
But that went without saying. The others nodded appreciatively.
This was the Ullsinoi Faction of Wistram. And this…was the Elusive Lot.
Possibly. Or it might have just been Yerzhen there. He poked the Lizardgirl.
“Taxiela, is that you?”
“Guilty as charged. Although I prefer Galei sometimes.”
The Lizardwoman sprang up and suddenly she was a Centaur. He tossed his head. And it might have been that it was Galei there the entire time or he just changed his illusion.
No one knew. But Taxiela/Galei was Palt’s master. As well as a member of the Elusive Lot. If they were even here.
It could be that Yerzhen was alone and these were all fakes. Or that he himself had created them all, or some of them and was pretending to have a conversation with Galei at this moment to fool the others.
Things got confusing really quickly around [Illusionists]. And the Elusive Lot were the leaders of the Ullsinoi faction who were made up of well, [Illusionists]. [Tricksters]. [Diviners], [Seers] too, and [Mages] who dabbled on the illicit side of life…
You could get all sorts of factions in Wistram. Not all were huge, political movements like the Revivalists or Libertarians. Some were specialized.
For instance, Bezale’s faction were the Scriptel faction—small, but in possession of a wealth of knowledge. Most of it written by their members. And numbers were also a fool’s game.
“Off we go! Back to Wistram, then! Unless anyone has business on the mainland?”
“One of us jumped ship.”
A Gnoll volunteered that. She grinned as the others chorused.
“Did not!”
Yerzhen took it at face value. Maybe someone had left, but the Elusive Lot would drive you crazy if you tried to find the truth. No one knew how many there were. There was no command structure lower-members of the Ullsinoi faction like Palt could understand, and even knowing who was a member of the Elusive Lot was hard. Palt thought his master, Galei, was part of their number, but he wasn’t sure.
He didn’t even know if Galei was his master or if different members of the Elusive Lot kept taking turns to impersonate his master.
Oh, the world was a grand game. Get your head around that and you were set. The Elusive Lot sailed back towards Wistram, chattering away. Yerzhen looked at Galei and the Selphid—who’d failed to use a name the entire time they had been together—as he talked.
“What’s back at Wistram?”
“Naili’s trying to corner us. Feor too. About Palt’s little prank.”
“Oh, that. Wonderfully done! Are they ours?”
“The inn’s ours. The rest? Let’s pretend they are, shall we?”
“Naturally. Should we let ourselves be caught?”
Of course, after the game of soccer, the Archmages had demanded explanations of the Ullsinoi faction. All they’d caught however were lower-ranked members. Cornering the Elusive Lot was like herding invisible cats with wings. The others shrugged or merrily ate snacks while reading [Message] spells on the fallout of their prank.
“I don’t care. So long as Palt can deliver, we’ve got a magical door in Liscor. Have the gangs heard?”
“Heard and are interested, but it’s too hot for them right now with all the eyes. Anyways, I hear the Gentlemen Callers are at the inn. On assignment.”
“Oho. Any idea who?”
“None. But you know how boring they can get. Bets that it’s got to do with the [Innkeeper]?”
No takers. The Elusive Lot swapped thoughts around willy-nilly. After a moment, one of them, Yerzhen again, raised a hand.
“While we’re on the topic…I call for seriousness. One minute.”
