Interlude – Krshia
Page 25
“The news sounds dire. First the attack is announced, and then, not a day afterwards, spies are sent to sabotage the connection to Pallass. We are cut off.”
“Yes. It was a shame. And it speaks to the danger we are in.”
Raekea nodded seriously. Below them, Mrsha sat on the ground and happily ate lunch. Krshia nodded.
“I see Beilmark is here. Did you hear what she had to say?”
The other Gnoll woman grimaced and flexed an arm.
“She thinks we can hold Liscor. She has spoken with Watch Captain Zevara and heard Olesm’s numbers. With the Antinium, with Pallass’ reinforcements few though they may be, with adventurers…we can hold long enough for a relief army to arrive.”
“And will it be enough to break the siege?”
“She claims it will. Whether that is so I wonder at, Krshia. I truly do. I am uneasy with this Goblin Lord and the machinations of Tyrion Veltras. I know others here and in the city wish to flee.”
“Abandon Liscor? Just like that?”
Raekea met Krshia’s eyes steadily.
“If it is that or death—yes. I have spoken with my husband. He is Liscor-born, but when he looks at our child…yes, Krshia. We would run to save him. But I am not ready yet.”
“I see.”
Krshia nodded and thanked Raekea. She stood up and found another Gnoll to talk to, and then another. She heard the same each time. They weren’t committed. Not yet. But if it looked like all was lost, if it was this or certain death…Beilmark and Elirr were the last two she spoke two.
“You must convince them to stay, Krshia. If Gnolls begin deserting Liscor, if Drakes begin fleeing, then the city is lost.”
Beilmark did not mince words. The Senior Guardswoman was one of the youngest Gnolls present, but she had earned her place here by her deeds. She gestured at the others.
“We can convince them to stay. If we do, fewer Drakes will run. And we need every paw and tail to defend Liscor.”
“And will we defend it with our lives? Will we spill our blood out as the Goblins and Humans overwhelm us, Beilmark?”
Krshia pressed the younger Gnoll, looking into her eyes. Beilmark shook her head, meeting Krshia’s gazes steadily.
“I would not kill my people, Krshia. I would run before that. But the danger to Liscor is more complex than just a game of numbers. Thanks to Olesm, reinforcements are on the way. They will arrive too late, but if we can hold—think on this. The Humans have trebuchets. But they cannot batter down our walls with one or two volleys. It will take time, and our fortifications are enchanted. Tough. We have to hold. The Goblins are not suicidal. Push them back, hold them, and a relief army will arrive.”
“It is a gamble.”
“Yes. But one I will take. But it cannot be done if Liscor is half-empty. We will have to support the defenders, take to the walls. If even a third of all Gnolls holds a bow—Olesm has more than one strategy. He has spoken of retreating into the dungeon. And there are the Antinium! Krshia, it can be done.”
The look in Beilmark’s eyes convinced Krshia that she was serious. But was she right? Finally, she spoke to Elirr. The Gnoll was quiet as they sipped tea and sat. Mrsha was curled up, napping.
“So. I think we are split. More in favor of leaving than staying perhaps, but split five to six. Do you agree?”
“I am.”
Elirr nodded. He was one of the ones who favored leaving more than staying. Krshia eyed him carefully. Then she came out with it.
“I am of the mind that unless all is lost, we must hold to Liscor as one. And you?”
The older Gnoll hesitated. He played with his cup, speaking slowly.
