Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 6
He stared at Numbtongue and froze. He must not have seen the Hobgoblin, or mistaken green skin for scales. The Gnoll jumped when he spotted Numbtongue as well. The [Bard] looked at them as they edged closer to the big outhouse and closed his mouth. He said nothing and the line moved a lot faster. And no one got into line behind Numbtongue until he was done with his business and walking back to the inn.
That soured Numbtongue’s mood. It was still the same. So, when he sat down across from Yellow Splatters, he didn’t immediately speak. Which was fine; the Antinium was waxing eloquent after two hours of speaking.
“There you are. I was waiting for your return. Do you know that Erin Solstice is considering selling the Hive’s supply of Rxlvn?”
“What?”
“Our alcohol. It is…potent. I believe it is technically classified as a poison, but Miss Solstice has expressed interested in it. I was saying that I believed it would leave an impact.”
Numbtongue nodded restlessly.
“Maybe.”
He looked at Yellow Splatters. The [Sergeant] was in a good mood, but Numbtongue was suddenly miserable again. Restlessly, the Goblin carved into the table with his claws, scratching the softer wood. He could feel eyes on him again. Of course, they’d been staring all this time. But his visit to the bathroom had refocused them on him and Yellow Splatters. The Antinium was getting looks of course, but it was on Numbtongue, the Goblin, that they were harshest.
Some of the Drakes by the door to Pallass had seen Numbtongue pass by on his way in and out. They were speaking to the people on the other side, explaining. Justifying. Numbtongue could catch fragments of the conversation.
“…well, yes, but—you know, about the battle…?”
“—not saying that I would personally—not allowed in the city, of course not! There was an incident—”
“Never in Pallass. Well, it’s just one. There were others, an entire damn tribe. Thankfully—”
The Hobgoblin’s grip tightened on the table. Yellow Splatters noticed and stopped talking. He looked up as Numbtongue turned. Both stared at the door, and the speakers there. They shut up.
Drakes and Gnolls stared across the inn at the duo. Some were just talking, enjoying themselves, watching the play. But too many went silent and still as they noticed the Goblin and Antinium looking. And silence was a plague. It spread.
As she circulated the room, Erin heard the sound die down. She looked around and saw the source. She might not have known what had caused Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters to look around, but she could see the tenseness. She began to push her way through the crowd. Too slowly; a Drake, made uncomfortable by the staring Hobgoblin, decided to make his voice heard. He stood up, a touch unsteadily and the alcohol slurred his tongue a bit.
“Hey! What’re you looking at, Goblin? And you—Antinium!”
The rest of the room fell silent. Temile, on stage with his cast, paused, and every head turned to the source of the shout. Numbtongue shrugged, a Goblin’s catch-all answer.
“Just looking.”
“Oh yeah? Look somewhere else. I can’t enjoy my drinks with a Goblin watching me.”
The Drake glared and tried to make a rude gesture. Erin pushed her way past a group of Gnolls.
“Hey! If you have a problem with Numbtongue, you can get out! Other people can take your place!”
“I’m not killing him. I read the sign. Just because I’m tolerating his presence, doesn’t mean I have to put up with him staring. See? He’s still doing it!”
