Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 46
Have you considered going on a trip? Did you know that there are a lot of dungeons and secret places left to explore? The Crossroads of Izril let people travel across the continent far faster than normal. Terandria has no fewer secrets I’d guess, but I don’t know many of them.
We have delicious food in Izril. But even if Your Majesty—sorry, I forget titles and such—doesn’t want to go exploring on his own, maybe consider sending your subjects or expertise abroad. Even Gnolls love your bows. Could I ask about buying something from Avel, maybe? The Bow of Avel is famous. By the way, have you been upgrading it?
Shooting respect your way…
 
Nah. Probably leave the last part out. Erin wavered, but Avel’s people had a sense of humor. She sat there, smiling, and thought of the statues. Tears dripped onto the desk now and then, but she kept writing.
Ghosts. Glorious ghosts. She knew their names and wrote them down and sent their legacies scorching across the world like fiery comets. So long as someone remembered them.
In statue, in word, in deed—
That was something.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: I’m tired. It occurs to me you hear this every time and as stated in the AMA, I’m realizing I need to vary things up a bit.
But what was supposed to be 18,000 words, a lighter break after a 16,000 word AMA has turned into this…
I made this an interlude because I wasn’t ready for the Volume 1 rewrite I had scheduled. Well, I’ll try to do the rewrite next chapter and a short half-chapter on Saturday.
This is because I’m taking my August break earlier and longer. I think I mentioned it but I’m going on a family vacation and I’ll be back around the 16th. I’ll have the dates up but I hope you understand it’s a hectic week with a lot of demands in that dreaded real world for me.
Despite it…I somehow wrote a longer-than-average chapter. So there’s that. I hope you liked the AMA, and whatever I come up with. We do have obligations, but meeting them shouldn’t always be a chore. If Erin can write a letter, I can sit in an airplane who loses my luggage and cancels my tickets. Something like that. Thanks for reading!
 
Dragon by Lanrae!
   
 
AI-Generated Mrsha! Cleaned up by Magma. Look at what technology can do.
 
 
Lights in the Garden of Sanctuary by Miguel!
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/cmarguel
Twitter: https://twitter.com/cmarguel

 

