Interlude – Niers
Page 2
“I’ve told you this before. Fraerlings like to make things that float. It rains in Baleros, if you hadn’t noticed. And if you’ve lost your sword or something valuable, the last thing you want to do is dive into a freshwater sea eight feet deep and try to retrieve it while fish and frogs try to swallow you whole.”
“Mm. So you don’t like ponds.”
“I’m six inches tall. Of course I don’t like ponds! Now will you tell me what you think about the game?”
“…This game?”
Niers splashed water at Foliana. She lifted her spaghetti bowl and kept eating, undeterred. After a few seconds, Niers began talking half to himself and half to Foliana.
“You don’t understand it. But you don’t play chess. I do. Dead gods, people think I invented the game. But this? Look at this!”
He waved a trembling hand at the chess board. Foliana looked into her bowl. It was empty. And the water was cooling. She decided she was done with her bath. She got out as Niers talked.
“My opponent—he—she—it—played twenty six games. All master-class games! At speed! Against themselves! Are they trying to tell me I’m not on their level? Or—was this a demonstration? Are there two players of that quality in this world? Selphid’s tits, tell me there are.”
Foliana paused in toweling herself off.
“Selphids have tits?”
Niers sighed. He rubbed at his face. He had grey and black hair and a sharp beard. And an irked expression. He looked up and glared.
“Selphids don’t have tits, Foliana. You know that. You’ve heard the expression before.”
“Mm. Yes. But how do you know that?”
Foliana waited, but she only heard a sigh.
“Pass me a towel, would you?”
The Squirrel-woman delicately picked up a tiny piece of fabric and passed it to Niers as he climbed out of the tub. She lifted his chess board up and set it on a table before doing the same to Niers. He industriously dried himself—his towel was spelled to absorb moisture and made of the highest-quality cotton grown on Baleros.
Foliana was using a much cheaper towel. She’d probably acquired it from someone else’s bathroom in the citadel. The former palace turned into living quarters for the Forgotten Wing company was their home when not on campaign.
“Selphids look like blobs. You know that. They don’t have tits. And yes, I’ve seen that first-hand.”
“Lewd. Mm. What would the children say?”
“They’re the ones that taught me that expression.”
Niers looked around for some clothes and walked across his table towards them. He walked past his bed, personal belongings, and a small library of books which had all been arranged on the table Foliana was sitting at. Eating a third bowl of spaghetti. This one was flavored with pieces of seaweed and a pink, sweet glaze sauce to cut the saltiness.
“So your mysterious opponent played a lot of games.”
“Yes.”
“And?”
Foliana saw Niers glance at his chess board as he came back, throwing on a pair of leggings and hose.
“And now someone else has a hold of it. An idiot, by the looks of things.”
Someone was moving the magical chess pieces. Only, they weren’t playing a game with them. Many pairs of hands were piling up the chess pieces on top of each other. Niers sighed.
“Someone else has the chess board. Damn! But who?”
They were making a tower out of the magical chess pieces. It had to be children. Niers stared glumly at the board as the tower fell over and then was quickly reassembled. He shook his head. Foliana looked interested for the first time.
“Looks like fun. Can I help?”
“No.”
“Mm.”
