Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 33
“Of course you don’t. Just watch out. I have no doubt this…Minizi is quite cute at the moment. However, lose control of her or let her gain more power than you and she might end up draining you of blood or keeping you as a renewable energy source.”
Trey blanched. Eldavin snorted.
“Don’t look at me like that! It’s happened before! You need lessons. You have talent, young man. Great talent…a keen insight into fighting; you’ve seen some. A rare Skill—but it’s all unhoned. All of it is. Your lazy comrades from Earth don’t even have the bark on their trees to study magic, or any other profession!”
Trey half-smiled at the expression. Eldavin smiled too, and he appeared to be rallying, at least enough to sit up a bit more.
“Time I took you under my wing.”
“Really, Grand Magus?”
“It is the least I can do for the brave young man who saved my life. Ah! Ah! Be silent. Superfluous gratitude is also annoying to me.”
Eldavin lifted a finger. Trey closed his mouth obediently. The Grand Magus chuckled.
“Saved my life. It’s always the things you don’t expect that…stroke of luck. That ungrateful damn Golem. I should turn her and all those ‘guardians’ of Zelkyr’s into gravel. No helping it. They’ll be on guard and I’ve taxed myself far too much. Neither you nor I should get within four floors of the testing room.”
Another nod. Eldavin went on, panting.
“You’ll be my apprentice. One of them. I dare say Archmage Valeterisa is a kind of student, after I taught her that teleportation circle. There’s talent too. But the Terras faction needs to poach more [Mages]. More Earthers.”
“Grand Magus?”
“Shush. I’m thinking out loud. There have to be better Earthers than not. That Elena seemed quite stable…but the truly extraordinary Earthers I know of—one is dead. Poor girl. I’ll have to revive her, if I can. It occurs to me that Ryoka Griffin should come here, though. I’ve let her roam about, but…”
Trey’s eyes widened. Did Eldavin just say—Ryoka Griffin? He listened, silently, as the half-Elf muttered.
“Stronger [Mages]. A stronger, better faction. Teleportation is just one of the things Wistram’s lost. Why, no one even remembers [Restoration]! Aside from the Healer of Tenbault, and I taught her that! We need to get that spell into the proper hands—of the Terras faction. You know that spell, young Atwood?”
Trey did. Flos had spoken of it, with Orthenon.
“I do—but even the Archmages don’t know that spell, Grand Magus!”
“Bah. That just shows you how low we’ve fallen. I don’t think you can master it, but I’ll make a note to tell Valeterisa. Now…allies. I have to find out what happened to that other Archmage who was missing. What’s her name.”
“Amerys?”
“Aha. Good, yes. Bright young man. Can you fetch me…I have some stamina potions there…mana potions too. My mana’s completely depleted. Good lad.”
Eldavin directed Trey about. The half-Elf breathed slowly as he gulped a few potions. His eyes cleared more.
“Yes. Report to my quarters tomorrow morning.”
“It is morning, sir.”
“Ah, then go get some sleep and report back in…four hours.”
Trey hesitated as he scooped up Minizi and headed to the door. He looked back.
“Are you alright, Grand Magus? Are you sure you don’t want me to get…?”
Eldavin waved him off, a bit irritably, but appreciating the concern. The door shut, and the half-Elf lay there.
Madness. He had nearly died! He was lucky beyond belief that Trey had found him and stabilized him.
What had gotten into him? That Cognita…Eldavin didn’t even know what he’d been doing up there. Trying to free her? Madness twice.
