Interlude – Talia
Page 42
For a moment Rabbiteater’s heart leapt. Go back? But then—he turned away. Yanked free of Badarrow. He shook his head. Once, and then again. He wasn’t trying to forget a young woman, a happy place, warm smells and laughter. It was that which kept him going. He would never forget. He looked back at Badarrow.
“Not me. Not strong enough. Not going back. Greydath was right.”
That was all. Badarrow watched as Rabbiteater turned away. But he shouted one last thing.
“Rabbiteater! Take!”
The Hobgoblin turned. Something wet hit him in the face. He stared at it. A flowing cloak unfolded in his arms. He stared at Badarrow.
“Chieftain doesn’t want?”
The Hobgoblin shrugged. Snapjaw hopped down and strode over.
“Chieftain gets other blood. This save Goblins. Many. Now it save you. You go. But come back! Understand?”
She pulled something out. A crude funnel. She tapped it.
“Here. Put in arm. Blood go in if cut. Feel better. Not too much!”
Badarrow nodded. He took the crimson cloak and stared at it. And the past, a dead Goblin’s blood, flowed in his claws. Shorthilt. For a second Rabbiteater’s head went white. He saw death. He saw his friend in his arms. Then he put the cloak on and bowed his head. He looked up at Badarrow and hesitated. But then he turned and walked away.
The two Hobgoblins watched him go in silence. Then, slowly, they mounted the Carn Wolves. And rode south. Back towards home. A Goblin’s home, beginning in the mountains, in secret.
Goblinhome.
 
—-
 
About legends. Legends were ten-a-copper-penny. And most were fake, like the Last Light of Baleros being able to heal any wound, or the legend of the Titan’s height. Or that Humans could shoot blood on command. But some, most, had a grain of truth to them. You could hear them, in every part of the world. Of extraordinary people, events.
The crazy Human who lived around Liscor. The inn that kept moving that had doors that went everywhere. A tale of an [Emperor] who lived in a humble village. A story of a [Singer] who captivated tens of thousands and sang like no other. A [Hero], a monster, a slayer of Demons on Rhir. A pair of twins, one cunning, the other fierce, who were part of the King of Destruction’s new Seven.
And here, a Goblin Slayer. A [Knight], or perhaps an adventurer who hunted Goblins. Who killed them as vengeance for Velan, for the Goblin Lord, Reiss.
The next day dawned bright and early. Talia Kallinad smiled as she saw the Goblin Slayer waiting for them in the bottom of the inn. She knew his response, but it cheered the Order of Seasons when they heard it. They had grown from distrust to acceptance with the Goblin Slayer over their short journey together. And while he refused to share his identity, he said one thing that made Talia’s heart surge.
“I have a name. I would like to be called.”
“Really? Pray, tell us.”
Rabbiteater hesitated. But at last, he spoke.
“Solstice.”
The name meant little to the [Knights]. But it filled him with a surge of indescribable emotion. He didn’t deserve it. But if he could have picked any last name, any in the world…
Talia smiled.
“Sir Solstice, it is! Better than Sir Goblin Slayer! Let’s ride, indeed!”
“For a bit. If it is good.”
“We insist on it.”
Even Ser Lorell was welcoming. As the Goblin Slayer settled his bill, Dame Chise gave the group a significant look and addressed Talia.
“I know who Sir Slayer is, Dame Talia. Not Human.”
“Really?”
Every [Knight] turned, and then affected nonchalance as the Goblin Slayer looked over. Chise lowered her voice.
“No. I pondered it last night. And today confirmed it.”
