Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 50
Theikha put aside her cookie as Satar showed her the notebook. She frowned as she saw how each story changed.
“It could simply be the style of it.”
“But…is it possible that we have an incomplete story, Shaman Theikha? Or if there is one, unified copy…is it possible we’ve written it down somewhere? Or someone has a Skill to recite it perfectly?”
“They would only have [Perfect Recall] as it was told to them, in most cases. Perfect truth in what are already myths? I do not know about a Skill, Satar. But I do know there is a library. Was a library, containing every record and scrap of history and knowledge we ever had.”
Satar’s heart leapt…then she heard the word.
“Was?”
Gire looked up from stuffing her face with a whole cheese round. Mrsha glanced up too, and Theikha nodded, protectively covering her gift basket from Gire’s wandering paws.
“Was. Do you know the old stories of the times Gnolls had silly things like [Kings]? Do you remember that, once, we had a Kingdom of Gnolls?”
The three shivered. Theikha smiled, and she was the [Storyteller] Satar longed to be. Her voice deepened, and she flicked sparks into the air with a simple wave of her paw.
“Once, there was a Kingdom of Gnolls. Ah, but I cannot tell you the whole story of its rise and fall. We have made grand edifices before, and great Gnolls arose. Kerash was one of the last, and I knew him. He would have led us into a new age but for…the Necromancer. Each time we build something, it falls. The Kingdom of Gnolls—at least, Izril’s—was here, in the Great Plains itself. It was one of our repositories of knowledge, craft, and wisdom.”
 
——
 
All three children listened as Theikha conjured a kingdom out of words. Satar tried to envision it, a nation where Gnolls had borders and land. Mrsha could almost see it too. Did they have [Knights]? A [King]?
Were they like Brunkr?
Then…Mrsha saw the kingdom shake.
“It fell into ruin. I do not know exactly how, because, in the chaos, it led to a dark age of our people as well as others. Some say treachery, but my mentors agreed—it was then that Raskghar crept in. They do when we fall. Raskghar appear, and darkness consumes our people.”
Mrsha hugged Gire and felt the [Paragon] squeeze her tight. Theikha glanced at her and smiled. The sparks lightened.
“I shouldn’t tell such scary stories to children. That was one of the last repositories of knowledge, Satar.”
“So it was lost long ago.”
“Was. Yes. And then we made a second library.”
Gire nearly choked on her cheese wheel. Theikha chuckled as Satar sat up.
“What, do you think we lose everything, throw up our paws, and give up? We made more libraries than that! The last one was a grand place that tribes came and went to. Do you want to know something strange?”
“What?”
Theikha looked at Satar, and her face grew mightily troubled.
“The last one was around four hundred years ago. A great library that had existed long before that. It burned one day. Burned—and I don’t need to tell you any [Librarian], [Shaman], or [Architect] would invest in magical spells against fire. But it was destroyed, and the tribes hunted for whoever had done it. They never found out, and Drakes were blamed since that is a safe bet. However, when you tell me these things…I wonder.”
Satar frowned and felt a tinge of unease creeping up her spine.
“It could be a coincidence.”
“Perhaps. But I know Doombringers were not always…so vilified.”
Mrsha, Gire, and Satar looked up as Theikha hunted around for cookies in her basket.
“Wh-what do you mean, Shaman Theikha?”
