Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 29
Merchant Saimh watched with his own spyglass. What rattled Ocello to his core was the fighting. He had already seen the magical protections of the Goblins with disbelieving eyes, but any Walled Cities could do better.
But he’d realized he was in denial because the Goblins had no enchantments. They were doing that with the magic they possessed.
When the Minotaurs took the beach, he realized—there was no way the Minotaurs were taking it easy on the Goblins.
“They’re not winning.”
Eight-foot tall Minotaurs were charging down the ramps with axes and shields mostly, but also swords, spears, each one one of the finest of Minos. Yet it seemed like for every Goblin that fell—so did a Minotaur.
The Hobs. They were everywhere. More Hobs than Ocello had ever seen in his life, even in the Goblin Lord of Izril’s army. They were strong and fought in small squads, but the Minotaurs had the edge there.
Not against the Great Goblins. Giant Goblins lunged into the battle and then backed off to heal their wounds. One swung an axe and crushed a Minotaur against the lead warship. Another took a ballista bolt straight-on and was still alive when the Prince of Minotaurs buried his axes in the Goblin’s chest.
“This is why Minotaurs don’t always have armies to spare on the rest of the world.”
Saimh spoke quietly. Ocello shook his head.
“Why don’t they leave it alone?”
“They were entrusted with the responsibility. Also—it’s probably why the Minotaurs are so renowned. They keep their armies in conflict. For the rest, you’d have to ask someone like the Minotaur King or their [Generals]. This war has already gotten twice as bloody as previous years. See? They’re pulling back.”
The Prince was withdrawing to his ship, and Minotaurs were heaving it back to sea. Their charge onto the beachhead had failed. Or maybe it had done exactly what they wanted.
The rest of the fleet had headed for the harbor with the unmanned Goblin warships. They had abandoned targeting the island or Goblin Lord and were unleashing their weapons at point-blank range.
Trying to shred the Goblin ships. The Goblins were trying to push them back.
A foolhardy effort, or so Ocello thought. Right until he saw the first giant Fomirelin emerge from the water and—
 
——
 
“Great Goblins in the water!”
Khedal was falling back. He’d left twenty Minotaurs on the beach and cracked a rib when one of the Great Goblins slammed him into the ground. He looked up and saw the warships at the harbor mouth were under attack.
The giant Goblins were in the surf. One was trying to smash the enchanted hulls of a Minotaur’s ship. Another had a shield raised. A tiny figure leapt from its back, pasted the hull with something that began to glow—
The alchemical blaze ignited, ignoring the water as Minotaurs shouted and tried to put out the blaze or patch the hull from within.
That was the first wave. The second came from the sky.
“Goblin fliers!”
Khedal’s warship was under attack too. The Prince looked straight up and saw a giant albatross flying overhead. Then—an arrow flashed down. He lowered his head, and it cracked off his helmet.
“Archers in the air!”
A small Goblin was riding on one of the birds, loosing shots from overhead. The Minotaurs began to fire upwards, but their siege weapons were ill-suited to tagging the nimble Goblins.
“Nets! Ballistae 1-4, nets and scattershot munitions! Lightning in the skies!”
The Goblins peeled off as the weapons switched. Khedal kept one eye on the skies, but he knew it wasn’t over.
