Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 27
Rather, Seraphel headed down. Down, alone, not waited on by anyone. Even Vernoue was probably ordering her special mana-infused tea, some snacks before dinner…a [Princess] was used to being surrounded by servants, not going as far as to pick up anything that they didn’t need to.
Seraphel had been roughing it, as they understood it, of late. So she could at least ride and walk about, even survive on something not prepared by a [Chef]. She was well aware that was not a [Warrior]’s ability to rough it, but that wasn’t what she wanted.
If she wanted anything…the [Princess] began to hum as she descended, going to a place she knew probably existed.
The 4th Princess of Calanfer had developed a few interesting hobbies of late. The first was that she sang, not that anyone had ever known her to be particularly enamoured with singing. But as she walked down increasingly narrow corridors that even the servants didn’t bother using, past the wine cellar, she sang a simple song.
“Do, a deer, a Corusdeer. Rei, a ray of magic light…”
It was a cute song. A child’s song, adapted. Taught to her not just because it was fun, but as training. Hold the note properly.
A friend had taught it to her. Seraphel sang as she came to her destination.
The second hobby of Princess Seraphel, that concerned everyone who heard of it because it sounded distinctly like something the 2nd Princess might do, was this.
She would seek out the deepest part of many fortresses, palaces, or so on. The place where more than armor or treasure or wine was stored.
The crypt. The mausoleum. The…resting place of honored dead. And she would walk it. She would pass by remains, carefully interred such that no [Necromancer] might awaken them, and look around.
As if searching for something. She would not linger long. But she might say something, when no one watched her. A simple…question.
“Hello? Is anyone there?”
Of course, no one answered her. What was strange was why she expected it.
 
——
 
Aielef’s family joined them at dinner. Two shy daughters, both in their teens. One was older than Ellet by four years.
They were rather meek, perhaps counting themselves as inferior in terms of rank, being divorced from the royal family. Maybe it was how Aielef raised them; they were certainly no strident Lyonettes, but dutiful daughters.
Nor did Aielef put on any pretense, not here.
“You’ll be here for a week, two at most. Then you can begone, and I shall either be forced to sojourn with Kaliv’s aristocracy somewhere else as part of the war, or go on tour. Azole, don’t fidget. And don’t copy your aunts. Vernoue, must you read at the table?”
The 5th Princess didn’t look up from the food she was eating while reading her spell tome.
“You’re not my mother, Aielef.”
“Aielef, I don’t believe I was ever introduced to your youngest daughter. Will you tell us how your family is doing?”
Seraphel smiled at a shy girl with dark purple hair. Purple, not the fiery red. Aielef had to dye her hair, but Seraphel guessed that one bloodline removed was enough to let her daughter keep her hair natural.
Aielef gave her younger sister a long look.
“This is Ayuse. Ayuse, greet your Aunt Seraphel. Aumerth isn’t here; he’s apprenticed, safely away from the front.”
“Hello, Ayuse.”
Seraphel smiled at the timid girl. She received a murmur in reply, which grew louder as Aielef stared at her daughter. It was the elder daughter, Azole, who kept staring at Seraphel as Aielef dined with the Princesses. They didn’t talk politics. Nor, Seraphel suspected, would Aielef insist they dined together.
