Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 13
“Don’t make fun of my paintings!”
“Why n—oh, sorry. I meant, uh, Hawk’s painting. Did he give you it as a present?”
Relc had caught sight of another painting of a Drake standing by himself with a helmet tucked under one arm. He looked slightly uncomfortable, which was how you knew it was an actual painting of Zel Shivertail. He stopped and nodded up at that painting.
Hawk’s portrait of the Courier mid-stride was less prominently placed. Selys called over her shoulder.
“I thought you said there are only less than fifty of those in existence. Which makes sense.”
“Why?”
“Because only fifty people would want one.”
Relc made a sound like a cat whose tail had been stepped on. He stomped after Selys, but she was changing for a day out with Erin. A wall of her bodyguards muscled over, and even Relc stepped back.
Slap, slap. If you were a [Thief], the ominous sound of a beaver’s tail hitting the marble floor was the sound you’d hear right before they started breaking your bones. First your feet, then everything else.
Relc hadn’t seen Selys’ new home of late, and so he backed up and saw a giant…dam. She actually had a pond’s worth of water in the antechambers. He whistled.
“This is some place, Selys. What’s with the multiple doors?”
You entered into her actual home after passing through an area on the outside with a bowl and a bunch of letters and gifts piled up. Then you passed through what was essentially a living room or reception where the beavers made their home.
“Layers of security. My front door is actually unlockable with a basic key. That means Street Runners can get in or out.”
Relc hesitated. Far be it from him, a lowly [Guard], to talk about security, but…
“Isn’t that dangerous, security-wise?”
Selys poked her head out and emerged in a unique piece of clothing. Relc took one look at it and began sniggering.
“Shut up. It’s the latest fashion in Invrisil.”
She was wearing a modified track-suit in red with white stripes down the leggings. Relc kept snorting. Selys ignored him as she tossed some sticks from a bucket into the beavers’ den, and they splashed in after them.
“I have the beavers for security, Relc. And a bunch of enchantments. I’ve fried about eight [Thieves] so far—all alive, although some got messed up by the beavers.”
Relc stopped laughing.
“What, really? Is it that bad? Having lots of money doesn’t sound that great. I’ve only been robbed once, and I think the guy got the wrong room.”
Selys just shrugged.
“You get used to it. Amazingly fast, actually. Alright, you lot. Don’t eat any Street Runners.”
She patted the beavers on the heads as they made odd chirping sounds and then looked around, exasperated.
“Where are Calruz’s…? Rhata, Haldagaz!”
Relc had almost forgotten the other two pets Selys was taking care of. A loud squeak made him jump, and Selys’ inner door opened slightly.
Now, a rat couldn’t pull a door open, but it could push it like a dog or cat. However, that was quite a feat for such a small animal. And yet the grey rat that plodded into the room did just that.
What was more impressive was the fact that it was dragging a dumbbell behind it. Five pounds. Relc stared as Rhata nosed forwards, and Selys sighed.
“I guess Haldagaz is alive, somewhere. They’ve got food—stay. Stay.”
“Shouldn’t you put them in cages, in case the beavers eat them?”
The Fortress Beavers and Selys gave Relc a skeptical look. The Drake shook her head.
“I tried, Relc. She kept on breaking my cages.”
“Well, just buy—”
