Interlude – Conversations
Page 11
Mrsha the Mouth. Mrsha the Morsel-Hunter. Mrsha the Maw.
She watched as Gire calmly, and apparently still hungry, ate more food than Mrsha would eat all day in the form of those strange buns, on top of her bird hash! Gire ate with a resigned look. Until Mrsha pointed and showed Gire a note.
 
May I try one?
 
She didn’t comment about the amount of food; Lyonette said it was unmannerly to comment about such things to fellow women. Gire looked surprised, but instantly handed Mrsha a bun.
“If you like. It’s not tasty, though.”
Mrsha thought it was. It did have some fine meat within, beef if she was to judge. She took a bite, chewed—
Gire leaned out of the way of the spitball as it hit a corner of the yurt. She grinned, as Mrsha scrubbed at her tongue.
 
What the heck is in that thing? Nasty! Horrible!
 
She signed with her paws, because she had to express her revulsion, then went to scribble it down. Gire replied, glancing at Mrsha and the note.
“It’s got herbs in the bun. That’s why it tastes bad. Here. Have the inside.”
She opened the offending bun and Mrsha suspiciously took a bite of the filling. That tasted good. A bit odd, but fine quality.
“The herbs make you stronger, you know.”
Mrsha would rather die. She glowered at the buns.
 
Do you eat that every day?
 
Gire sighed.
“Not every day. Every four days is bun-day. I have an eating pattern. They try to vary it up, but they just use a sequence. Every four days, then every three, three, four, eight—four…even when they think they’re being clever, they just throw in a single variation.”
Mrsha tilted her head. There was something about Gire that was fascinating. Aside from her mere height. She spoke very adult-like, but she complained about food like Mrsha. Not only that—Gire blinked at Mrsha.
“I’m sorry. I’m supposed to be a good host. And you don’t want to hear about food. You escaped the hunters, didn’t you? You’re safe here. Ekhtouch lets no one in. Also, the authority of Weatherfur and Ekhtouch are such that no other tribes can directly force their way into either camp. Or are you worried about your parents?”
Mrsha’s ears drooped. Her tail did likewise, and Gire hesitated.
“Chieftain Mrell and Warrior Prha. Formerly of Stone Spears? And you don’t like them because you have a mother. Lyonette du Marquin, in Oteslia. You fled from Liscor, The Wandering Inn, and arrived here thanks to Qwera, among other factors…”
Thanks for noticing, jerk. 
Mrsha didn’t write that one down, but signed with one paw. She didn’t appreciate the commentary on her life. The fact that Gire knew the confusing story didn’t register with Mrsha—but Lehra and the others still had to have some of the details clarified.
Gire frowned at Mrsha’s paws. But she saw how the little girl was hunched over, and ameliorated her tone.
“I, ah…I suppose it’s hard? To have parents you don’t want. Mine don’t have much bearing in my life. I’m sorry.”
She ate an entire bun as she thought for a second, eyes flickering. Mrsha put her bowl down and Gire leaned over.
“You know, technically, under tribe-law, if they were expelled via a [Chieftain]’s orders, they have no formal claim on you as parents. The fact that you’re the survivor of a tribe means that your legal status is a bit strange…I guess Krshia would have a strong claim on you, but if this Lyonette comes, she can have the [Shamans] formally recognize her as your guardian.”
Mrsha blinked. She looked up at Gire. The [Paragon] frowned.
