Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 9
It was a thought Erin had never had before now. She’d been so busy on everything else, she sometimes forgot about stuff like Lyonette running away. It was not a priority when people were in danger or big events were taking place. But now, Erin wondered.
Lyonette only shrugged slowly. She didn’t have a fond expression on her face. Or even a terribly guilty one. Just…melancholy.
“Frankly? Calanfer can live without me or half of its [Princesses]. We’re just assets. I wouldn’t be surprised if my family has one of my doubles standing in for me all the time. And I don’t think my father cares beyond that. Or my mother, really.”
Erin’s heart sank. Mrsha looked up at Lyonette and gave her a hug. The [Princess] smiled.
“Thanks, Mrsha. My sisters are better. Well, some of them. But sending a [Message] would just be trouble, believe me, Erin.”
“So they don’t even know you’re gone? Wait, you have a body double? Like, a literal clone?”
Erin was shocked. Lyonette raised her eyebrows.
“Not a [Clone Person] spell. How do you know about…oh, one of your Earth terms. Anyways, why wouldn’t royalty have a body double, Erin? Public events, even receptions at state events, and especially security.”
The young woman from Michigan opened and closed her mouth. She had never been to a state event, unless you counted like, attending a New Year’s Eve celebration or something.
“Point taken. Um…let’s go back inside the inn. So…does this double look exactly like you, Lyonette?”
“She’s got the class, Erin. If she didn’t look like me, what’s the point?”
“But how much like—”
 
—-
 
After the chocolate scare, Erin and Lyonette went back to analyzing the fruits or rather, chocolate of their labor. There were…problems, even as Erin poured the rest of the chocolate out for use later.
Not just that it wasn’t perfect; that was fine. Chocolate was chocolate and Erin wasn’t going to sell it in bar form. Actually, that was also the problem.
“There really isn’t a lot, Erin.”
For how much work they’d put in, and so many cacao pods, it was true that the amount of actual chocolate harvested was disappointingly low. Erin hesitated. She felt guilty as she turned to Lyonette, trying to put a good face on it.
“Yeah. I…guess we need more trees, huh? We only had one. But—we can use this. Not for chocolate pieces, but we’ll make a cake. And cookies! Chocolate chip cookies, chocolate milk—”
The [Princess] nodded, flipping out a piece of paper to do some sums on.
“I suppose we can up the prices and attract people tonight. But we’ll have to charge a bit more for them, even more than the sugary foods. I don’t doubt we’ll sell out; I’d love to see anyone copy the recipes without chocolate. But…”
They weren’t going to earn much of a return on it, even with higher prices. Erin bit her lip.
“Sorry, Lyonette. I thought we’d get more out of it. And I didn’t realize how hard it was to make.”
The [Princess] raised her brows and shook her head.
“Don’t worry about that, Erin. We figured out the process and that’s what matters. And this is worth the effort—so long as we’re not doing it. And this will pull in a larger crowd tonight.”
Erin smiled and nodded, relieved. Lyonette went on, frowning at the chocolate they’d made.
“The expenses are worth it, if we have a large enough supply to do it in bulk. We should have kept some of the seeds so we could grow…well, a dozen trees at least. Mrsha can help. It’ll just take a while.”
Erin licked her fingers and agreed. The rest of her guests were having little bites of chocolate, but the majority of it was now in solid form, ready to be stored.
