Interlude – The Great Race
Page 11
He raised his arms and punched Ryoka in the jaw. Sammial lowered his hands as Hethon, the fourteen-year-old, tried to be more dignified. But naked envy was in his eyes.
“What was she like?”
“Grumpy. She was nice at first, but she wouldn’t fight a shark I saw. And she said I talked too much. The Hundredfriends has so many tattoos! And they’re all animals! There was an orangutan, these big birds—even a huge fish-thing that pulled the ship! And—and—”
“Sammy, please don’t talk with your mouth full.”
He swallowed obediently and pointed at Ryoka.
“And she made us fly at the palace! Princess Oesca was okay.”
He told stories like, well, a child, with no real chronology. But Ryoka was just as glad she’d had a talk with Sammial.
“That’s all that happened at the palace, right Sammy?”
No other events? He remembered the injunction on not mentioning the scandalous parts and nodded.
“Nothing else. Nothing weird. Noooope.”
Hethon and even Tyrion gave Sammy and Ryoka instantly curious looks. But it beat him actually blabbing, so Ryoka sighed.
“And what about you, Hethon?”
The adults were talking, but aside from making sure he was fine, even Tyrion hadn’t asked what had happened while Hethon was gone. Ryoka stared at the back of Sammial’s head as she tried to look at the young man.
“Oh—nothing much. I just took my lessons and kept watching the news. I saw Father riding to battle—that was it. Ullim made sure I was well.”
Nothing had happened to Hethon, and he clearly felt like he had missed it all. But Ryoka gave him an encouraging smile.
“At least you didn’t get into any trouble. How’d Oswen treat you?”
He brightened up a bit.
“Oh—well, I did learn how to shoot a bow. And I did hunt a bit—”
“You hunted? No fair!”
Sammial furiously burst out as if this were some great injustice that had to be righted, of all the things Hethon had gotten to do while Sammial was kidnapped. Hethon smirked.
“I helped bag a Marshelk. I didn’t hit it, but I helped track it.”
“Really?”
Tyrion raised his brows, impressed. Lady Buscrei’s husband, Jaeke, leaned over. He was a commoner who had married into the family. Well, he had been Oswen’s [Governor of the Hunt], so it wasn’t purely scandalous.
“Hethon saw the beast faster than anyone else. He’s not learned how to shoot what he sees, but the lad’s got vision like a hawk—no, an owl!”
“I’m glad he distinguished himself to Oswen.”
Tyrion replied automatically. Ryoka blinked at him, and the [Lord] hesitated. Then he turned to Hethon.
“…I hunted my first Marshelk when I was seventeen. You got the chance before me; my father never allowed me to try until I could best a Level 25 [Knight] tilting. We hunted with lances. How was your hunt? Did you eat part of the elk?”
“We used bows and tracked it. It kept running even with arrows in it—we had some of the kill right then and there!”
Hethon described the hunt quite bloodily, and some of the Terlands paled at the thought of slogging through mud and marsh as leeches found you, not the dignified boarhunts or shooting from afar where servants beat the brush. Ryoka smiled as Jericha and Ullim shot her approving glances.
Sammial was fair jealous. He kept stabbing his plate.
“I want to hunt an elk when we get back! And I got to sail with the Waterbear and the Hundredfriends Courier. He called me his friend, and the Waterbear gave me a chunk of her hair when I asked.”
