Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 33
He wished he felt guiltier about it, even so.
“I see Group Two! They’re right below us!”
Mivifa screamed. Saliss jerked. How long had he been in a trance? He swore, checked all around. Group Two! Were they—
Fine? They were racing across the ground, right on schedule. Saliss blinked. No casualties—wait.
“Potion of Eagle’s Eye.”
He flicked it into his mouth too fast to see. Saliss squinted.
Arrow wounds? Looks like someone chewed them up. Anand? Specialist archers?
B-Bird?
But they’d escaped. Saliss sat back. And he got more worried.
Was it really just a perfect plan that the Antinium couldn’t counter? True, they had minutes of warning at best. Or perhaps—how much damage had they done to the Armored Hive? Saliss was counting in his head. They were moving fast, having teleported in and [Haste]-speed and teleportation spells carrying them back to the evac point.
Time to escape? Six minutes.
A whole lot of time for things to go wrong in.
 
—-
 
Anand, known to some as ‘Anand the [Strategist]’, was a [Strike Strategist]. An expert in rapid attacks and retreats. But in this moment, here—
He had to admit he was still just a juvenile learner on a larger chess board. A pawn piece, who had yet to be promoted to a higher level to make an Erin-analogy. Then again…Pawn would have been very helpful.
Confusing, that. Anand picked his way across the Hive towards the Grand Queen. The first rush of adrenaline and chaos was over. Soldiers were dead.
So many dead, so fast. He had seen the adventurers destroying them like—like—nothing. Anand had tried, he had. But the few Free Antinium had barely scratched them even with Anand coordinating their arrows.
Also—he had feared to send in the Painted Soldiers. Feared that they would die without doing anything. They weren’t that high-level.
Guilt tore at Anand. He had been so relieved when the other Queens told him not to send his people in. But they were all his people.
All…
“Armored Queen. Your status?”
The Grand Queen was speaking into a mirror. The other Queens were speaking at once. Calmly.
“My Antinium are still following—we can attack the adventurers, but that Drake, Saliss, is destroying any cluster larger than six from above…”
“Stalking them, but their speed eclipses my fastest Silent Antinium.”
“My Hive…is intact, Grand Queen. However—my Steelclad project has been greatly damaged. I calculate…53% of the Birther sacs damaged and the rest disrupted…”
Great damage. Anand thought of the giant Antinium the Armored Queen had called her greatest folly. She herself—looked injured.
“You are bleeding.”
The Grand Queen observed. The Armored Queen felt at her sides; Workers were rushing to her with potions.
“Superficial injuries. My Hive’s progress has been set back greatly. Some of the forges were also damaged…”
A vicious blow. Anand felt for the Armored Queen as she visibly struggled to contain the chaos. How had they known? The Grand Queen was moving her feelers rapidly.
“Your position may be in jeopardy, Armored Queen. All of ours are. [Scrying] spells may have penetrated our Hives. I order all Queens to move their position.”
The Queens were frightened. Anand felt that too and that frightened him. And it wasn’t unjustified—that was a precision strike to the Armored Hive’s secret project. How had the Drakes known?
