Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 1
He answered out of the corner of his mouth.
“We don’t fight that, [Infantryman]. We hold the line.”
“With hell’s fire raining down on our heads?”
One of the others called out. The Gnoll snapped back.
“Drakes don’t run, soldier!” 
“Nor do Gnolls from Manus!”
Someone from his command shouted back. There was mixed laughter. The [Charge Commander] grinned, but suppressed his nerves in his tail and kept his face calm.
“We’ve got [Mages] too. No one person can fight an army. We take out the Demons on the ground; leave the high-level targets to our best. I’d like to see the Death of Magic take on an army alone! And keep a lid on questions like that; we’re going to show these Blighted Kingdom [Soldiers] what real discipline looks like.”
The Drakes nodded, even the ones from other cities. That, they could get behind. It was something, but in this moment, even the Drakes and Gnolls felt a kinship towards the soldiers from the Five Families; they’d been sailing close by, and insult had turned to banter.
If Drakes or Gnolls, or one species couldn’t be the best, well, they’d damn well have some Izrilian pride, eh?
The [Charge Commander] smiled as he heard the other Drakes start talking about sloppy formations of other nations. He hoped no one would start singing national anthems; that always provoked jeers and a fight.
Privately, though, he rephrased his statement to the [Soldiers]. He’d said what he’d said to keep morale up, but…he’d heard that the Death of Magic could solo an army. After all, if she could cast area-of-attack spells from oh, ten miles straight up in the air, what was he supposed to do? An army? He couldn’t even shout at her and hurt her feelings!
Well, the [Charge Commander] had to have faith Rhir knew what it was doing. They were nearly there.
 
—-
 
The first sight of the Blighted Kingdom was not what most non-Rhirians expected. When you imagined embattled Rhir, the name of the Blighted Kingdom, you tended to expect a lot of grey, militarized zones, land torn by spells and damage. Perhaps dead bodies lying out to rot.
There was all that, of course, although the dead were properly-disposed of, or used by the [Necromancers], but the first sight of Rhir’s capital, Paranfer, and the coast, was, well…startling.
“Hey. That’s nicer than home!”
One of the Drakes called out, staring at the terraformed farmland, the verdant greenery—and the rather impressive coastal defense fortresses scattered at regular intervals.
Paranfer itself was as impressive as any great city in the world; arguably richer and larger than even First Landing. It was a match for the Walled Cities.
Why not? The Blighted Kingdom received funds from almost every nation in the world along with [Soldiers]—sometimes in place of soldiers. It had magic, resources—and Paranfer lay behind 1st Wall.
Few Demons had ever seen past 1st Wall. Even the Antinium had not tried to storm it.
Paranfer was gorgeous, and the lands around it were given over to agriculture, which always looked pretty from afar. Rhir did not, actually, specialize in much mining, textiles—in a broad sense—or the varied national outputs of other countries.
It had amazing [Smiths], [Mages], and [Craftspeople], but it imported a wealth of goods. What Rhir did focus on was food; you could import swords and repurpose blades, even ones used by Demons. But a starving army died even if it was covered in adamantium.
As the ships came into harbor, they were also greeted by parades, magical lights off the coast, launched by the guard towers. They were by way of being both communications and greeting.
