Interlude – Embria
Page 9
Relc protectively covered his plate. Klbkch stared at him. Then he looked at Erin. She beamed at him.
“It’s so good you’re back. Both of you.”
“That is a highly subjective and generous opinion. Thank you.”
“Yeah.”
Relc reached for his cup, which Drassi had just refilled. He drank half of it, sighed, and then, suddenly, looked up. He looked around the inn slowly, and then focused on Erin. And to her surprise, to Klbkch’s surprise as well, Relc put down his fork and looked seriously at the young woman.
“Thanks for letting me come for breakfast, Erin. Seriously. I won’t stay long. So if you need me to go…”
He glanced at the stairs. Erin followed his gaze and line of thought, and she blinked. She looked at Relc, then at Klbkch, who silently shook his head, and gazed at Relc.
“What? No. It’s fine, Relc. You’re free to be here. If…anyone has a problem, he can just eat in his room. But he said it’s fine.”
“Well, thanks. I appreciate it. And I really missed your cooking. It’s good stuff, these pancakes. I wish I could make them. Klb misses this place too.”
Relc gestured around at the inn. Erin stared at him, then smiled. She looked at Klbkch. The Antinium was eying his partner as if Relc was some strange new species.
“That is correct. I do appreciate the ambiance and cooking. Although I have to point out that pancakes are not, by and large, considered high cuisine, Relc.”
“How would you know? You’ve never eaten them.”
Erin grinned. Klb’s antennae twitched.
“And you cannot cook them. Why is that?”
“Yeah, why? Pancakes are easy. I could teach you how to do them myself.”
The young woman looked at the Drake [Guardsman]. Relc grimaced as he filled his cup for the third time.
“I’m just no good, Erin. Believe me.”
“No one’s that bad, Relc. If I walk you through it—”
“I nearly burned down my kitchen last time I tried to make pancakes.”
Relc eyed Erin as he took a small sip from his cup. She blinked. Her eyes slid sideways to Klbkch. This time the Antinium nodded. Erin digested this fact.
“Okay, no cooking. How are you so bad at it?”
“I dunno. I don’t eat at home. Why are you so good at it? It’s all oil and fires and stuff the moment you light a stove. I nearly died when I tried to make pasta last week.”
“How did you—? You know what? Fire hazard or not, I’m willing to take this risk. We can make pasta in the kitchen right after this. You, me, a healing potion on standby…”
The smile on Erin’s face was infectious. Relc grinned and Klbkch smiled politely. But the Drake cast one eye towards the window and shook his head.
“I’d love to. Really, Erin. But I don’t think you want to build a new inn—although you’re sort of missing a third floor, so it wouldn’t be too bad. But I can’t either way. I have an appointment. Today’s actually the start of my days off. Klb and I just finished a night shift.”
He yawned as if to prove that fact. Erin raised her eyebrows.
“Wow. Maybe I should have served dinner. Fillet’s a dinner, though. What do you have planned after this, then?”
“Er…just hanging out with my kid. You know.”
Relc shifted in his chair. Erin gave him the blankest look possible until a light went off in her head.
“You mean, Wing Commander Embria? The Drake with the red scales? The one who’s really, really, angry?”
“Uh. Yeah. That’s her. You’ve met her before.”
“A few times. What’s she like?”
“Good. Good. I uh, well, we do this every week. Sometimes it’s hard to get the dates to line up, but it usually works out. She’s her own boss, at least of 4th Company so she can choose her days off. And I—well, I’m going to meet with her after this. All day.”
