Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 25
“Full marks. Yes. That’s what I believed at the time. The King of Destruction had declared war against the Drakes. But I thought—perhaps he would reach out to the Gnoll tribes. Ally with them. Izril is divided. He could have reached out to the Humans too. And on Baleros? Look at our divided continent! Who might he have reached out for here?”
Neither student had to think.
“Selphids.”
“Half-Gazers too.”
Niers Astoragon inclined his head.
“Exactly. All the species who don’t have power. Who are shunned, by most groups. I employ Selphids in the Forgotten Wing Company, but if Flos Reimarch offered them a chance to take back power? Their land? Gnolls. Selphids. Half-Gazers. Maybe even the Minotaurs, before they decided to oppose him. He would have been their champion. But you know what terrified Wistram and Rhir?”
Umina and Wil inhaled sharply. Wil finished the thought.
“Demons. But he wouldn’t have allied with the Demon King. Surely not!”
He looked appalled. Niers didn’t answer at once. He looked around, meeting both student’s gazes.
“This is why I don’t teach this openly. But yes, he might have. Who knows? It’s just speculation. But I’ll wager you diamonds to dust that Wistram used that to move the Blighted King to send an army against the King of Destruction.”
“So that’s why Rhir sent an army.”
“Wistram is dangerous.”
That was just a fact. Both students nodded. Niers went on.
“So that was his strategy. And it might have worked! You’ve heard Foliana’s speech. Queravia landed with one army, separated from the King of Destruction’s vanguard after the battle with the Minotaurs. She was cut off, but she made a stand and crushed an army sent by two Great Companies! She was waiting for reinforcements, daring all of Baleros to take her on. And she won.”
Umina watched Niers walking back and forth slowly. His eyes were bright and glittering in the room, lit only by mage light.
“If she had kept going, he could have won. He lost one of his Seven against the Minotaurs, yes. But six remained. Amerys was fighting on Izril, holding down an entire Walled City! The Gnolls might have rallied if the King of Destruction had landed more armies there. And on Baleros? With more time, how many companies would have embraced Flos for a chance to rise in power? He could have done it.”
“But for you.”
“I saw it coming. And I took an army. Queravia had crushed one, but there was still a chance to defeat her. I gathered every force I could in a thousand miles and marched on her. Even so—her army had leveled from her victories and she had his elites. His Dreamers as well. I was facing the best of Chandrar’s forces, and cut off as they were, I knew it was a gamble. But I had to risk it. And that day I put myself against the Gambler of Fates. [Strategist] vs [Strategist].”
And he won. But Niers didn’t look proud. He shook his head.
“You want to know what happened on that day, Umina, Wil? The truth was that when we joined battle, from the first twenty minutes, I knew I was losing.”
“No.”
He nodded, staring backwards through time.
“Oh yes. Queravia was a genius. As gifted as I’ve ever seen. But it was her unique style that threw me. I realized in the first engagement why she had beaten two Great Companies. It was down to her Skills. Her…personality. Her luck. Let me give you an example.”
The Titan paced down the table. He came back with a chessboard Umina recognized. She inhaled as she saw the glowing magical pieces. They were in the middle of a game. The Titan carefully put it down and picked up two pawns. He showed them to her and Wil.
