Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 28
“Oh, fine, fine. I tasked some [Engineers] and Enchanter Ilekrome’s people with Luan’s project; they don’t need me. My vote is for him to get back to Talenqual. Maybe not bring the Tallfolk back, but I see no reason to hold him up.”
The Architects were agreed on that. Luan was to be trusted. More technology was wanted—if not more Tallfolk. It only remained for the Tallguard to make their choice, and Ekrn wasn’t as certain they’d share the same sentiments.
 
—-
 
“The problem is, the Tallguard of Feiland are a force unto themselves, Luan. Feiland is a fort where we train, but we don’t defend it. Paeth is one of the big settlements—one of two—that Feiland guards, and we have a wide net. The Skywatcher is doing a Gathering Run, but they’ll want to talk to you when they return.”
“They’ve been gone for at least a week. Is that normal?”
Ekrn shrugged.
“Sure. They’re visiting all the collection spots. Food, alchemical ingredients, you name it. And visiting every small settlement including Oierdressql. That’s the other big city. They’ll bring back news, resources, to Paeth. Not long now, I think; I sent word to them. They might decide to send more word to other Fraerling settlements. Or…the Titan himself.”
Luan stooped and looked up.
“The Titan? You can talk to him?”
Ekrn paused before nodding.
“That’s a secret, but Feiland and all these Fraerling villages are under the protection of the Forgotten Wing Company. Only the Titan knows exactly where some of us are—and maybe not even him, but we can prevail on him for help. It’s part of the deal. There’s only one Tallfolk who knows about Paeth and that’s Three-Color Stalker. Know her?”
“Foliana of the Forgotten Wing Company? So that’s how you met him.”
Ekrn grunted. Luan stared at the Sentry Leader.
“You’re not a fan of his.”
“I told you. It’s not about liking or not liking him. He’s just crazy. We might tell them about you…but probably not. You’re not an issue, like someone sniffing around. We give the Titan what he wants, and he gives us what we want. A bit of protection now and then, monster-clearing for some places, and access to some of the rare stuff it’s hard to get, like sulfur. Paeth doesn’t interact with him much at all, but we do send him some Signim.”
“Ah. That’s why he does all that. No wonder he wants your help. He can’t produce it himself?”
Ekrn laughed.
“Unless his [Alchemists] are as good as ours? No. And it costs far too much as it is, so even he gets only a bit. Enough. The Titan’s a busybody—if he gets wind of you, he’ll march over with his entire army and you don’t want that. You’re our secret. As soon as the Skywatcher gets back, you can go. We should be done by then.”
Now that they were working together, Paeth had devoted its considerable resources—however small in scale—to helping Luan. The man began to understand some of the legends about Fraerlings as well.
They said that Fraerlings could make boots, like brownies or faeries in Earth stories. That they had pots of gold—well, those were the legends Tallfolk told. Luan had been told by Ekrn at the start that Paeth had no gold, but Luan realized that wasn’t true.
They had gold. They had value beyond belief! That any Tallfolk might want. He bent down to talk to the [Engineer] in charge of working with him, a woman named Vuiel.
“Do you think you’ll be done in the next few days?”
“With a team of two hundred? Sure! If you were a regular client, we’d be on this job for months, but the Architects have the best teams on this job—all those not figuring out the new secrets!”
