Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 14
If this same Gnoll had gone to the city of Salazsar, a particular [Consort of Change], Xesci, would have recognized her. For all she was no Drake. The Gnoll smiled.
Or her lips moved.
“My condolences. I am told you suffered a terrible accident. Dark magic. You lost your child.”
“That’s…none of your business.”
The Gnoll tilted her head. There was something uncanny. All the words were there. But her condolence was more like a slap to Lasica.
“I believe it is. Such a terrible thing that happened. Your unborn child. Gone. Demons took it. You are grieving.”
“How dare you.”
Lasica whispered. That? That—hurt. Her claw drifted downwards, then balled into a fist.
The Gnoll was still…not exactly smiling. She kept tilting her head, regarding Lasica. And then, the [Chef] noticed something.
The street she was walking down was deserted, an oddity in Pallass, home to millions. Second? The Gnoll woman had sought her out. She knew Lasica’s name.
The scales on Lasica’s arms began to tingle. She took a slow step back.
“What do you want? Actually—I don’t care. I’m busy. Leave me be, or I’ll call the Watch.”
The Drake looked over her shoulder. The Gnoll woman spoke.
“I heard of your loss. I thought I should approach you. It is so, so very difficult for parents after a loss. I know it hurts.”
“Get away from me.”
Lasica stumbled away. Where were other pedestrians? The Watch? She looked up, and saw a Garuda in mid-flight. Flapping her wings as the Street Runner traversed Pallass in the distance.
But she was caught in the air. She was moving fast, but it seemed as though Lasica could watch her forever and the Garuda would still never reach her destination.
“I will not take your time. But I thought you should know, Lasica Feltail, that there are people who can help you in this dire hour.”
“If you’re talking about [Thought Healers], I don’t want any. Thank you, but if you’re using Skills—”
“I am not talking about them.”
Lasica knew it. She turned to face the female Gnoll. The woman spoke.
“There is someone who can make your pain go away, Lasica. Not help you deal with it. Not offer you potions or temporary relief. All your agony can be gone. And your husband, likewise. You two can be happy again. And. Your child can return to you.”
This time Lasica recoiled. She fumbled for her side. The wand Rufelt made her carry around out of overzealousness—she dropped it. She picked it up, cursing the woman.
“How dare you!”
“I am not lying.”
The Gnoll woman didn’t flinch as Lasica raised the wand. Lasica uttered the activation command—an impact spell struck the Gnoll in the chest.
She went stumbling backwards. But not flying as a normal person or [Thug] should have been. Lasica saw the Gnoll’s arms flail. Like a rag doll, she went over backwards. Then…got up.
The entire impact, stumbling fall, and return to her legs unnerved Lasica. The Gnoll woman picked herself up without pushing herself off the ground. Her legs planted on the ground; her waist and torso rose with incredible strength.
As if pulled up by strings.
“What—what—”
“I have come here to tell you this, Lasica. For you and all the other grieving parents in Pallass. But you are…extraordinary. One of the best [Chefs] in Pallass. The woman I speak of can help you. And for you, Lasica, she can deliver true happiness.”
“Woman? Who—who are you? Don’t get any closer! I’ll summon the Watch!”
The Gnoll woman did not advance. The half-smile on her face hadn’t changed even after the spell had hit her.
