Interlude – The Great Race
Page 17
They were so merry and friendly that Lism felt shocked. But that was nothing compared to how the Lizardfolk and some of the Plains Gnolls reacted. They stared as Drakes shook their claws and backed away.
“Are they sick? I’ve never seen a Drake smile for that long. Most of them probably think it’s unhealthy.”
Krshia whispered to Lism, but in range of Drassi and the scrying orb’s hearing. Which just provoked further hilarity. And in response? A Yoldenite heard Krshia and tapped her shoulder since he couldn’t really remove his helmet that easily.
“Hey, we hear that time and enough. ‘Least you’re not spitting our way, Councilwoman!”
Krshia instantly ducked her head, abashed.
“I did not mean that as an insult, no, Mayor. My apologies.”
He grinned in response. Or rather, he never really lost it.
“We don’t mind! If you can’t smile at least once a week, what a life to live, eh? Which is pretty much all of Hectval, Luldem, and Drisshia. But we’re a proud city come to visit our new friends and neighbors! ‘Sides, we don’t see many other species that often. Not that we mind! We’re just too far away to visit. Look! That Gnoll is a giant!”
He whirled and pointed, and Gireulashia froze as she poked her head through the gates. Instantly, all the Yoldenites shouted almost as one.
“Donei! She’s huge!”
“Is it something she eats? Get me some of that and load up my plate!”
The last Yoldenite turned in delight to her companion.
“Look! More of those Antinium everyone hates! Just walking about! I told you Liscor was going to be weird. In a good way.”
She glanced over and saw Watch Captain Zevara staring at her with mouth slightly ajar.
“Hi.”
These were the greatest Drakes that had ever been seen. Drassi was delighted and already pushing forwards to interview the first Yoldenites. But it begged the question.
“Er—may I know why you’re coming, esteemed friends? Liscor is a great ally of Yolden. But we had no word you were coming on diplomatic business. We would have prepared a reception—”
Voita chuckled along with the leaders of the towns.
“We wouldn’t make you host a thousand of us! Mind you—your city’s big enough, but no. We’re not here for diplomacy. Things are going well enough; we’ve come here to buy!”
“Buy?”
More than one person perked up at this, including the two [Shopkeepers]. Voita produced a full bag of coins and jingled it as she patted the loaded packs they’d brought with them.
“That’s right! Heard we could get to Pallass and Invrisil too. We’re hoping to buy and sell, but buy more than we sell, even! We’ve got helmets and goods from Yolden for sale. All kinds of magicore and stones. But the helmets’re the real good stuff.”
“Helmets?”
Some people snorted at this, but Watch Captain Zevara’s head rose, and she remembered a popular phrase that every [Soldier] serving around this region knew.
Nothing kills a Yoldenite from above. In fact, an impatient [Strategist] was, at this very moment, hammering on Pallass’ side of the magic door. Chaldion had sent him to requisition as many helmets as their budget would allow.
Unfortunately, Liska was too busy watching the spectacle. And the Yoldenites knew how to sell their goods.
“See, a lot of folks laugh at our helmets, but they’re comfortable as a second skin. They don’t dent or knock your head about. And you can do this and not feel a thing. We live with rocks falling all the time, see?”
Voita drew a hammer from one of the wagons. A real hammer, used to repair the wagon. Without even giving the Drake next to her a warning, she smacked the hammer straight across the back of their head.
