Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 8
The Antinium Queen had a giant…cup. It was more like a vat, and she had tea to start her morning too and a huge amount of potatoes for food. Garry’s ‘boba’ were more like chunks in the giant wooden straw he’d had to commission, but the effect was mostly the same.
“The patrols are doing well.”
That was the Free Queen’s comment to Klbkch as he watched the scrying orb. He glanced up.
“What? Yes…indeed. The Hive is doing exceptionally well. I believe there is nothing more to discuss. I shall take my leave.”
“As far as I am aware, you have no [Guardsman] duties at the moment. We are reviewing the Hive’s performance, Klbkchhezeim. Unless something takes priority?”
The way Klbkch hesitated for just a second. And his response.
“No—not at all, my Queen.”
If Antinium could smirk…she saw him glancing at the scrying orb. The Free Queen, Xevccha, took a long sip of her tea.
“How much do we expend on the Antinium—activities, then, my Queen? Perhaps we can curtail their budget.”
Klbkch fidgeted, so unlike him, but he tried to direct their meeting to business. The Free Queen nodded to him.
“You are in possession of our written ledgers. We accumulate more gold via our construction work.”
She had a very…simplistic view of currency. The Free Queen, upon moving to Liscor, had realized that her Hive needed gold for some expenditures. She had obtained it over a decade of Antinium working menial tasks for literally no expense to themselves. Now, she was spending it. She had a fortune in gold and often let Klbkch buy artifacts—but she didn’t really care if it was all gone.
The benefit of people selling to Antinium, or Garry levelling for his work, was all she needed. She wanted gold only so he could buy more food for her. And as long as more money came in than went out, everything was well.
That was about how much the Free Queen thought about finances. She was far more deliberate when she had an accumulation she wanted—and she had broken into Liscor’s market very, very deliberately.
The Free Queen had made her Workers act as laborers and shown Liscor how cheap it was to have Antinium-made goods. She even dabbled in imports these days.
“Klbkchhezeim, I am meeting with the Armored Queen later today. She is sending me two hundred trees of wood. Do you have anything else the Free Hive needs?”
“Two hundred trees of wood? May I ask…why we require that, my Queen?”
Xevccha waved an idle feeler.
“We will sell it to Liscor for building materials. The Armored Queen agreed to locate suitable trees and has even begun an attempt at a forest of her own.”
“Why would she go to this amount of effort in her own Hive, my Queen?”
Klbkch actually looked away from the scrying orb. The Free Queen raised her mandibles.
“Because I offered her two hundred pounds of Garry’s cooking.”
“Ah.”
The Free Antinium Hive was in a wonderful position. It could sell many things it could acquire cheaply that Liscor wanted thanks to its route to the Hivelands and Antinium labor. And it could also give the other Hives what they wanted. Food, resources you could only buy from an [Alchemist], magic, and so on.
Everything was wonderful. Save for one thing. The Free Queen actually turned her head, but somehow—the other Centenium in her Hive had cut her off. Then again, one of her antennae was gone.
“Klbkchhezeim. How is Xrn?”
The Slayer hesitated, and he rested his hands on his swords. He was far more mobile, more at home in his new body, but that just made his old form shine more brightly in his memory. Three left—and one was now wounded.
