Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 9
“Do you think that if you tried, you could get away before I threw you off the walls? I don’t have levels, but I’m still me.”
The Gnoll wasn’t sweating. Which was really impressive at this point. He looked past Rafaema.
“I believe I’d survive that. Lady Rafaema, if you dislike my presence—”
“I’m thinking about it.”
Moodily, Rafaema turned back to the view. Her tail was lashing the stones. Ferris wondered if the transformation magic was bothering her. He looked at Rafaema.
In previous generations, the Dragonspeakers had dealt with their sacred charge in different ways. Some had made mistakes. Others had done well. But the growing Dragon entrusted to them had never been an easy charge. She had been a child. Intelligent, but a child for decades. And her wrath on finding she’d been deceived was written in the history books.
But that was the thing. At age eighty, Rafaema had thrown what could only be described as the worst case of adolescence in Manus’ entire history. But she had been…a teen.
Dragons were considered young adults, able to strike out on their own when they were two hundred years old. They were immortal, able to live forever, gifted with more innate magical ability than any [Mage], far beyond that of even half-Elves. Their scales could deflect arrows. They could fly, transform, and had a diversity of abilities second to no species in this world.
But they paid a price for their power. And it was only in one thing: they gave birth to precious few. And their young aged so, so very slowly. And for that reason alone, there were almost no Dragons left. There were rumors, and people knew there were Dragons. Somewhere.
That was what they said. But if you were trusted, trusted beyond reproach, you could go into a vault only the Dragonspeaker and a handful of others knew about. Like Ferris, who was the best out of every graduate in his academy and whose loyalty and ability had been tested to a degree not even Manus’ [Generals] were expected to meet. He had read the document.
There were only two in all of Izril. Only two left. And one of them was a moody young…woman. After a century and a quarter of waiting.
Part of that century, actually, a lot, had been sleeping. It had terrified the scales off the first Dragonspeaker when the baby Dragon had slept for a decade the first time. But apparently Dragons slept for long periods if they needed to.
Their bodies were masterworks of perfection. Rafaema might have been transformed, but she kept her strength, speed, and toughness. She could probably throw Ferris a long ways if he let her catch him. She didn’t need Skills, and in fact, it was just as well that she couldn’t level. If Dragons had been able to level, they’d have ruled the world forever.
Whatever was bothering Rafaema, she hadn’t shown it in the war council. Ferris was aware of the decisions that Dragonspeaker Luciva and the others had settled on. Rafaema had been part of those discussions, and a respected voice since the war council knew who she was. They listened to her now. But when all was said and done, Rafaema was still their ward, their charge that they had faithfully kept safe for generations until she was ready.
The hope of Dragons and Drakes, known only to two Walled Cities, was staring blankly ahead. Ferris waited. One of the reasons he’d been chosen was because he was very good at his job. The other was his personality. No one wanted a disaster like Kelis, or Amessia again. Those two agents who’d been assigned to Rafaema fifty and thirty years ago had nearly caused disaster.
