Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 33
One of the Gnolls looked at Numbtongue with concern. More threw stones and shouted, chasing the little Goblins back. The Goblins stared at Numbtongue’s group, more confused by them than afraid of the Gnolls.
“Wh—you’re not killing Goblins?”
“We don’t. It’s a local tribe. Listen, brother. Don’t get up in arms about killing Goblins to us. This tribe’s known to us. Lomost doesn’t make enemies if we can help it. Kill some of the Goblins and it escalates. I’ll explain it all over some Velrusk Claw if you can spare the time.”
Numbtongue’s jaw worked as the [Hunt Leader] tried to explain to the Goblin-hating Gnoll exactly that not all Goblins were bad enough to murder on sight. It was a tough up-sell, but he might have a chance.
He turned to the others in the caravan. Even Niers agreed. They had to figure this one out. Sergeant Gna was staring at the traitors to her species incredulously. What tribe was this?
But then the Hobgoblin just grinned, whipped out his guitar, and began to play. Music brought interesting meetings after all.
 
——
 
It was indeed something, to share time with a master of the craft. Sometimes it was young talent, yet to be developed, uncertain. Other times it was natural ability, the product of endless amounts of practice, but completely self-taught.
Numbtongue was certainly in the latter category. But there were also the musicians of talent, enthusiasm, and practice with formal educations.
Did it mean they were intrinsically better? Perhaps not. But they could be very good, and arguably better than even the self-taught if you added the things money and professional training could buy. Money could buy things that made music better. Especially if those things were magic.
All this to say that sometimes the world’s finest was an illusion. Sometimes, it was well-deserved.
The Four Winds of Teral set out from Wistram Academy with only one passenger. Not a Gold-rank team for two reasons. Firstly, they were too busy and the Courier ship was to leave within the day. The Silver Swords had a reason to stay and learn more, for at least a while longer, despite their pressing desire, and even their leader could see that.
The second was that their passenger refused to have company. And one did not argue with a Truestone Golem.
…Unless of course, one had a damn good reason to do so, and an ego to match. So, amazingly, Cognita was informed she would share passege and that the Four Winds was making one stop.
“I am terribly sorry, Miss, er…Cognita of Wistram.”
The sweating [Captain] saw the Truestone Golem’s head turn. She was reading a book and sitting while watching the waves go by. Cognita looked at Bressa.
“Captain Bressa. You are confused as to my address. When you address a woman of uncertain rank, what title would you use?”
“…I would say Miss, uh, if I didn’t—”
“Then I am Miss Cognita.”
Captain Bressa cast a look at the other [Sailors] of the Four Winds. It was a Garuda-led ship in many regards; she was the child of a Garuda-Human match, but the [Sailors] often had wings. You wanted to harness the power of the Four Winds, the famed Courier-Ship.
“Absolutely, Miss Cognita. I am terribly sorry, and it will not happen again. As I was saying, I am so sorry, but we cannot avoid this contract. The other passengers booked our ship—they have travelled nearly nonstop to get to a port and one of the passengers is a famed individual.”
“I see. I will accept this.”
