Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 20
“Is that…a shield?”
It was, in fact, a buckler. Old, worn—and split in two, so definitely not actually useful as a shield anymore. It was good steel though, and had clearly seen countless battles before it had split. Nsiia looked at Dellic. The [Armsmaster] shuffled his feet.
“It’s ah, mine, Highborn Nsiia.”
“Nsiia will do, thank you, Dellic. Your buckler?”
He nodded.
“It’s seen me through years of fighting. Carried it everywhere as a soldier of fortune. I hung onto it because it saved my life. Sentimental. I mentioned it to the Magus-Crafter and he asked to use it.”
“Ah.”
Nsiia inhaled. Dellic just shook his head.
“It’s nothing special, Magus-Crafter. Not even enchanted. It’s an honor, you wanting to place it in the Golem’s Heart, though. Especially to represent the Testing.”
“I believe it will make a difference, Dellic. Something of this value matters to Golem Hearts, or so I have observed myself.”
Femithain quietly inserted the pieces of the buckler. They lay there, nothing special to look at. But Nsiia saw the value.
“Value, Magus-Crafter? Only to me and the people it’s helped me kill.”
“As I said, Armsmaster. Value beyond what I could give Dom—the Golem.”
The man flushed with pride and clasped a hand to his chest. Nsiia reflected that Femithain was more bureaucrat and [Golem Artificer] than ruler. But he was not bad at leading men.
 
—-
 
The activation of Domehead was simple. The entire body was wheeled out into the courtyard. Femithain placed the Golem heart in the chest and it was secured, the chest-cavity closed. Then he placed a hand on the chest, spoke a word, and the Golem moved.
Nothing fancy. Yet—suddenly, the giant of bronze-steel armor moved. The glowing dome and crystals lit up. It stood—and picked up the axe.
Nsiia tensed reflexively. She still remembered the War Golems in battle at Tiqr, and Domehead was a paragon compared to them. Not in height or mass—but in construction.
“Steady, Empress.”
The Armsmaster placed a hand on Nsiia’s shoulder. She relaxed and nodded gratefully towards him.
“Domehead—Attack Routine #1. Execute!”
Crafter Se ordered and the Golem swung its axe around. It stepped forwards, bringing down the axe in mighty sweeps and cuts. The watchers in the courtyard murmured—and it was every Crafter in this commune and more visitors besides.
“Magnificent. Look at that fluidity of motion!”
Someone commented. Nsiia just gulped. She had seen the Iron War Golems fighting and they were slow—if deadly swings. You could dodge them—Nsiia had, cutting into their legs. They were more of a terror when supported; an unstoppable blow you had to evade or die from unless you had a high-level Skill.
Those Golems were slow. Domehead? He moved as fast as a man with a hatchet, not a huge battleaxe. Maybe even a bit faster than your average Level 15 [Warrior].
“Imagine one of those bastards in a fight. Not er, Tiqr. Just any fight.”
Armsmaster Dellic breathed as the Golem ran through more attack patterns. Nsiia nodded.
“Illivere was once a far larger empire when Golems were still widespread, weren’t they, Armsmaster?”
“An empire the likes of which we’ll never see again. Not with the way it ended.”
Nsiia glanced at Dellic.
“True enough.”
“Defense Routine #16. Execute.”
Domehead’s axe was a blur of blocking at different levels. Nsiia felt compelled to ask why he had routines.
