Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 6
“It has happened before. It would have been inevitable with the people who were staying here. So what did you do?”
“I stopped it. I’m not going to let you say that it’s fine and a challenge for Pomle’s people to overcome, Orjin. There are children, people who can’t survive. We needed water. So I made arrangements. Setting up an economy—organizing everything—it was all to that end.”
The Strongest of Pomle didn’t think he liked that.
“Pomle exists fine as it is. You didn’t ask me about this, Salii.”
The [Secretary]’s offended look made Orjin hesitate. Salii slapped her clipboard with an exasperated claw.
“Orjin, you’ve told me every day since I came here that you don’t care about managing Pomle. ‘I’m Orjin. [Martial Artists] come and go. They train or die. It is the way Pomle is.’ Why do you care now?”
“You did something that’s disturbed the warriors. Is that it? They said it was the money…”
Orjin didn’t see how the sheep or houses would bother all the warriors. Some, of course, but not enough to gather that many representatives. Salii shook her head.
“I’m getting to that. Back to me doing this. I had to, or the oasis would run out of water. Do you agree that me doing something was better than nothing?”
The Strongest eyed the jewel producing water. He had to admit—a full oasis was nice. And the water was clear. Salii smiled, seeing his look.
“We might even have enough to wash with now and then. I’ve put on a limit to how much water everyone gets to prevent overuse, but—”
“It is good. But how did you do it? You can’t create water like gold, Salii.”
The Drake snorted.
“Spoken like someone who’s never participated in a market economy. Obviously, if you want an oasis to be more productive, you make it more productive. You see that stone?”
“Obviously.”
The stone kept dripping water. How was it doing that? Salii nodded.
“Condensation stones. Khelt uses these. They leech water out of the air. Good in humid climates to keep an area drier. Here? It’s gathering all the water in the area and redirecting it here.”
“Are they expensive?”
“Oh yes. You could bankrupt a lot of people buying one.”
“How did you buy one? How much did it cost?”
The [Secretary] gave Orjin a flat look.
“Orjin, do you want to know about my job? Are you interested in managing Pomle?”
“No.”
“Then don’t ask how much it cost. That’s my job.”
Salii waited to be thrown into the lake, but Orjin didn’t react to the challenging comment. That was what she liked about this boss. She could speak her mind.
“Anyways, I didn’t pay for this stone, in point of fact. It was a gift. Well, again, I’m being inaccurate. It was more like a lost wager and a gift. Fetohep of Khelt bet and lost, and when he heard about the oasis issue…”
Orjin picked Salii up. The [Secretary] flailed.
“Stop, stop! Aright, I’ll show you! Don’t you dare throw me! All my good paper is attached to this clipboard!”
He put her down. Then Salii pointed with a sigh.
“Over there. One of Tiqr’s people was an [Earth Mage]. That’s like a [Geomancer]—different names, sometimes different levels of talent. I can’t believe you didn’t hear about it. One of the matches should begin soon. I think Iratze might be watching. He helped me come up with it.”
 
—-
 
When you had a place like Pomle, what was your economy, really? Well, a bunch of [Martial Artists]. Salii, much less Orjin, would have trouble ordering them about.
