Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 54
It was not that the nightmares ceased. However, Crusader 51 felt hope. Even Crusader 57 broke the curse of the zweihander. Crusader 51 hated him, because Crusader 57 cursed him and shoved people, but he survived battle after battle—probably because he was so mean.
The only mad person was Dekass. He lined up the poor Workers again and shouted at them. Crusader 51 recognized them.
‘B-Squad’ was their nickname. Crusader 51 recognized Archer B12 from Calruz’s training as the Worker lined up with the other Workers, their heads cast down. Dekass paced back and forth in front of them.
“Your numbers do not add up to your casualty lists! One of you is absent. I see it. I count your ranks in battle, and there is one missing. Is it mutiny? Desertion? We have rebellion in the ranks! Who is it? Who!? You? You?”
He pointed four arms at different Workers until Calruz stomped over to tell him to knock it off. Aside from that, even Tersk went around more and more, sometimes offering spare rations or listening to the sermons.
Then the Painted Antinium arrived.
 
——
 
The first indication of their appearance in camp was a sound. Crusader 51 was gambling with his squad. He put five pillbugs down and let Shelly roll the dice, watching the [Cheater]’s hands carefully.
All of them stopped and raised their heads when they heard it.
Click.
It was a unified sound. The snapping of two hundred mandibles at once. Crusader 51 looked up…and heard cheering.
The Painted Antinium marched into camp, and no less than Commander Olesm himself came to greet them. He looked for Yellow Splatters, or Purple Smile, but the Painted Worker who presented himself was neither.
“I am Starfold, Commander Olesm. In light of the new developments, the Free Queen, Pawn, and Xrn collectively agreed to send our forces to the front. We will fight and defeat Hectval. For Erin.”
He spoke. Starfold had a carefully-painted back and shoulders, like he was wearing a night-blue cloak of velvet, mixed blue and dark and painted with bright silver stars. It was the most advanced Painted Antinium that Crusader 51 had ever seen.
They were getting better at it. The Painted Antinium had armor, weapons, although some eschewed them to use their fists. Crusader 51’s mandibles softly clicked as he saw Starfold had a spear. An enchanted spear.
It was about the lowest grade imaginable, but it was enchanted. More of the Painted Antinium had such weapons and they didn’t stand in squads, but something more akin to how Free Antinium fought in the Hive. They were all so…animated.
Some waved at the Liscorian [Soldiers], who waved back, laughing. Others were peering at the [Crusaders], who’d all turned to see them. One was reading a book while he walked. The Painted Antinium marched into the camp as Olesm welcomed them, placing them under Tersk’s command. They walked over, introducing themselves to the other [Squads], offering gifts from home. Garry’s bread, some shaking hands, the Workers speaking freely.
Squad 5 hated them on sight. At first, they didn’t even realize they disliked the Painted Antinium because that was so foreign. But the longer Crusader 51 watched them, the more he realized how wrong they were.
They talked. The first time he saw it, a Painted Soldier walked up, and his arms flashed, his stubby fingers tracing a quick smile over his chest before a hand pointed at the dice cup. Four arms meant he could communicate multiple things at once, so he greeted them, asked if they were playing dice, and could he join?
