Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 33
“We’ll have a hell of a time doing it, Captain! We can’t shoot into the water!”
“We’ll wear it down. And I’ll use [Depth Explosion] as soon as I can. If we must, [Storm Sailors] can climb onto it. Get around it and shred the monster where it can’t fight back.”
Delivan was conferring with the others. Venaz was nodding.
“I can boost them from afar. We have six students with Skills that can boost the [Storm Sailors]. If need be—”
“Hey. The crab’s slowing.”
Yerra pointed. The crab was perched on top of the little island. It was just resting there, huge legs holding tight as it carried its huge burden out of the water. The [Sailors] began loosing shots, but they were too far to hit the monster properly and the few arrows that landed did nothing to the massive shell.
“Idiot thing. It’s clearly not as smart as some of the monsters in the sea.”
Delivan chortled. The others were nodding, and Lasc was frowning, trying to figure out if now was the time to hit it with a spell. But it was Feshi who looked concerned. She glanced left and right.
“Wait. Is that the thing that downed The Archmage’s Favor, or did it just pick up the ship?”
Wil glanced at her. The Gnoll looked worried.
“What does it matter, Feshi?”
The [Strategist] eyed the giant crab. It was just standing there. Waiting. Expectantly.
“If it downed the cargo ship, that was one thing. But what about the other ships that came after? If it did that—”
The others looked at Feshi. And Wil—hesitated. He saw Lasc turning his head, suddenly, appraising the size of the shipwrecks on the ocean floor. He looked up sharply.
“The Archmage’s Favor and that ship are both twice our size. Delivan—take us back another—”
As Wil looked at Lasc, something flashed out of the corner of his eye. Then he heard a wumph.
No, a wh—
 
—-
 
Water on his face. Rain? Wil heard ringing. Shouting voices. Someone was…someone was…
“Wil! Get below!”
“Turn the ship! Take us away! Get us out of range!”
Bellowing voices. Wil tried to raise his head. Yerra was dragging him. The ship was moving and people were shouting. What was…
“But the treasure.”
“Get us out of range! It’s about to—”
Another explosion. This one from father off. More rain. Wil struggled upright. Yerranola was dragging him towards the quarters.
“Get below! Out of danger! ”
“What’s happening? What—”
Wil got to his feet. He resisted the Selphid trying to move him down. And he saw—Venaz, Merrik, and Peki all standing at the railing. Holding their weapons, but just…staring. And in the distance, the crab.
The hermit crab. With the broken warship on its back. Wil saw the holes in the hull. The gaping—broken warship’s frame. But the light? The explosions?
And then he saw. A flash from the interior. For a second—a beam of golden light. It hit the water near The Emerald Signet and the superheated water exploded, geysering into a rain that fell on the ship. The galleon rocked. And the crab shifted. Aiming the beam.
“That’s magic.”
Wil said it dumbly as Yerra pulled at him. A spell. But where was it coming from? And then—as the light appeared again, he saw it for a moment.
A carven face. An eye made of a gemstone. A staring figure.
A Golem, buried in the hull. It was covered in barnacles, moss. Still secured by the bindings.
“That’s a damn war golem. But look at the size of it.”
It fired again. The magical beam of light missed—Delivan was turning the ship, zig-zagging away.
“Get out of range of that thing! It will tear through our decks, Skills or not!”
Lasc was bellowing, his face white with fear. Wil tried to struggle as Yerra dragged him down the steps.
