Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 27
Because that would be more than what they were. And what they were was perfect. He was her dear friend. Her chess companion.
More than that?
 
—-
 
Garry leaned on the doorframe. He was nibbling on a rose. Actually eating it. He had everything right. And everything wrong.
“Let’s have the sex, Erin. I have studied a book.”
Erin—
 
—-
 
Her mind actually shut down at this point.
“No. Never in a million years!”
Mrsha’s face fell. She lowered the plate and the crepe with the smiley drawn in ketchup. Erin caught herself.
“Not you, Mrsha! I was talking about—I’ll have your crepe! So yummy! Ketchup and…crepe…great. Really.”
She coughed. This was getting out of hand. But now someone had opened Pandora’s box, it couldn’t be stopped. She looked past Garry. Sorry, Garry. But it was an impossibility. Like Bird—or Pawn, or Belgrade or Anand or anyone else.
But was he serious? Because…she could picture that. At least—some of it.
 
—-
 
It was a cold winter. The kind where even The Wandering Inn’s floorboards would freeze without a fire running. Erin hopped from foot to foot.
“Aah! Aah!”
The fire was just starting, but she hadn’t slippers! The pain! She’d rather be stabbed—oh no, wait. She’d rather not.
But it really sucked. Where were her slippers?
“Mrsha! Mrsha, where are my slip—”
Erin saw him sitting in the cold common room in the dawn. Somehow, that damned Hobgoblin had the nerve to be only in boxers, not even a shirt!
But the giant blanket he’d taken from upstairs more than made up for it. And the growing fire—Erin hopped over.
“Numbtongue! Have you seen my slippers?”
“Nope.”
The Hobgoblin was munching on something. Erin looked around. Then realized this was foolish.
“Hey, budge over.”
He obligingly scooted over on the chair. Erin sat right next to him, shivering.
“So…morning.”
“Mhm.”
She leaned against his chest, as he obligingly wrapped the blanket around her. Erin looked around for Mrsha the Slipper Thief and…
 
—-
 
“No.”
But it was softer. Erin shook her head. That was weird. This was getting out of hand. But she had to ask herself.
Did she like Numbtongue?
Oh yes. But did she like him as more than…Numbtongue? There was the question. And once again, Erin ran into the same roadblock. A telling one.
Altestiel—Garry—well, Garry was different. But Numbtongue?
 
—-
 
Goblins had a direct way of hinting at intimacy. He’d offered her a complimentary backrub. Which Redfangs knew how to do surprisingly well given that they often trained until they were sore. And as Erin was relaxing, he sidled over to her.
“Mm?”
The monosyllabic word conveyed a lot. As did his posture. Erin blinked.
He poked her in the side. And she…
 
—-
 
Nope. She had nothing more to go with. Well…she could extrapolate. But beyond that spot was uncharted territory. Mostly.
She…was afraid to imagine more. And yet, look around. Were there people she admired? Loved?
A part of them—yes. Absolutely. She could see it even in the ones who weren’t ‘suitors’. Like—
 
—-
 
The tobacco smoke was heavy in the air, the drinks giving a flush to the cheeks. The inn was full of laughter, raucous, arguments, the rolling of dice.
But they went quiet as she took the stage. The woman, in her late twenties, nearing thirty, winked as she took the magical microphone.
“This one’s out to my favorite Hatmen of Invrisil!”
Erin Solstice winked. And a pair sitting at a table at the center of the room looked up and tipped their hats. They were surrounded by other hatted men, and indeed, most of the guests in the crowded inn had a hat. It was all the style in Invrisil.
