Interlude – Conversations
Page 16
“I am aware. That is, ironically, the simplest task. It will probably be close to her body. The one thing I am sure of is that the body must be placed in the inn, not the garden.”
“Hm. Yes. You would be able to do it well. As a Necromancer. Why are you speaking with Khelt?”
Az’kerash didn’t turn his head, but one of the floating lines of text in the air abruptly vanished. The Stitch Witch looked at him.
“A separate matter. Khelt has an interest. I may pursue it.”
She smiled.
“An intriguing one. I have offered my services to Khelt several times. They do not accept.”
Az’kerash knew the Stitch Witch entangled every affair. He wasn’t surprised the rulers had such sense. Although…he did not mention Belavierr to Fetohep, as even communication was delicate. But perhaps she was what the immortal ruler desired, along with Az’kerash’s abilities. But what a grand ambition. Bring back the…?
He had this commitment to see through first. So the Necromancer put any other project to the side, especially ones that might be beyond even his abilities at present.
“Pieces. Can you improve any aspect of this planned healing project, Witch Belavierr?”
She regarded the component parts. It would be exceedingly difficult to put together. Az’kerash could substitute his own abilities and considerable wealth and influence to copy the project, but again, he was no specialist in healing.
Yet the Stitch Witch…her eyes flickered from incomplete part to part. She came to a swift conclusion.
“Something is missing.”
The Necromancer nodded.
“Do you mean the frost magic? Or the antidote to the poison? No [Alchemist] has yet synthesized a proper application method, and most lack the proposed reagents. Although…”
His eyes flickered to the line of thread. Intriguing. He dipped it in the simple antidote, and walked over to a number of frozen corpses. Female Humans, roughly the same in age. Belavierr watched him point a finger. The thread slowly sank into the first frozen chest, and the layer of poison trapped underneath.
“Not that. Part. And piece. And part.”
The Stitch Witch’s fingers crawled as she moved from section to section, each incomplete. Her head tilted left, and right, and left.
“Almost. It lacks something else.”
“I see. That is valuable insight. Thank you, Witch Belavierr.”
It meant that they needed one more acting factor. Belavierr wasn’t looking at the actual proposed cures. Like her craft, she was looking at the whole of it. And yet…Az’kerash stared with grim satisfaction down at something. He raised a finger.
Eight corpses sat up. Frozen Ghouls rose; a foray into ice combined with death. He didn’t usually bother, but Az’kerash made a point to move them to another room for later designs. They left the stone slabs where they had been waiting for tests.
He looked down, grimly satisfied. Because when he tested next…the Necromancer stepped back. He cast a spell.
“[Detect Poison].”
Belavierr saw the corpse light up. She watched as the veins darkened, flooded with a toxin that revealed itself to Az’kerash and Belavierr. A network of death…
And a single spot without, in the center of the dead body’s chest. Az’kerash lifted the thread, and handed it back to Belavierr without another word.
“My gratitude, Witch Belavierr.”
She regarded the spool. Then, as Az’kerash was turning back to advise Fetohep to pursue the matter intensely, reached out—and tapped him on the shoulder. The Necromancer turned, waiting to see if she had any more insight…
Two more spools of ghostly thread appeared, and an ethereal needle. She also added, after some thought, a hat.
