Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 7
“Stop following me.”
“You know I can’t do that, Lady Rafaema.”
The Gnoll walked after Rafaema. He turned his head now and then, just as if he were looking around, but Rafaema knew he saw everything. The Gnoll wasn’t tall or short, and he had a terribly nondescript way about him. Rafaema was sure it was a Skill. When he wasn’t acting, he was just…bland.
And terribly efficient. Terribly so. Rafaema was used to the efficient people who followed her around wherever she went. At least he was open about it. And he was the latest in the line of her…protectors.
“You’re new.”
“And you spotted me within a second of me meeting you. My disguise needs work. I apologize, Lady.”
“Name?”
“Ferris Thycarl.”
No rank, no affiliation. Rafaema didn’t ask further. She knew what he was. People liked to joke that Manus was full of war-minded idiots, but the training schools in the City of War produced more than just officers and [Strategists]. Some, like Ferris, performed duties in secret. But he had to be good, if he knew who she was.
The Gnoll looked sideways at Rafaema. He still looked innocuous as any Gnoll. Except for one thing.
“May I ask how you picked up on my identity, Lady Rafaema?”
She snorted and opened her wings restlessly, feeling the breeze catch on them. She enjoyed having wings. Other Drake forms were so…restrictive.
“You all look the same to me. Your eyes give you away. Your lot always stares the first time you see me.”
“Ah. Not in a love struck way?”
“Love struck suitors stare at other things.”
Ferris had to grin at that. He bowed, slightly.
“At your service then, Lady Rafaema. If you want me to present myself some other way—”
“What happened to the last one? The female Drake.”
He paused.
“Reassigned, Lady Rafaema. If you have an issue with my presence—”
“They’ll get me a new one. Anyways, I wanted you to talk to me which is why I left the note. So—talk. Do you know what’s going on?”
The Gnoll who called himself Ferris paused. He was smart, because he didn’t waste time.
“I’m not aware of the full scope of Manus’ decisions, but I’m aware of the Pallass situation. May I ask what the war council decided?”
“They’re going to approach the other Walled Cities for joint funding on some operations against the Hives. And they want to look into Liscor. Some of your friends will be heading there. They’re probably already being briefed.”
“Ah.”
That was all Ferris said. No ‘is that wise?’ or ‘what do you think?’. He was trained not to ask those questions. If he had an opinion…
“And you wished to see me, Lady Rafaema, because…?”
“How much do you report to your superiors, Ferris? I remember one of your people said you have to make a weekly report on how I’m feeling. And of course, you’re the one responsible for me. Rather than a team. Because I’m old enough not to need one.”
Rafaema’s tone was pleasant, but if you looked at her eyes, you would notice two things. That Rafaema had two differently-colored pupils. Heterochromia, the phenomenon was called. Also—that said eyes were glinting dangerously.
Ferris paused. He thought about his reply and went for the truth. Which was wise—Rafaema could cast spells as well as many [Mages] and she’d mastered [Detect Lies] long ago.
“I’m trusted enough to make my own decisions, Lady Rafaema. I do make a weekly report. If you have any desires…you need only ask me.”
“And you’ll pass it along.”
“Not if it’s an easy request. I am here to serve, Lady Rafaema.”
“And if I said I wanted to leave Manus today?”
Ferris’ gaze flickered.
“I’d have to ask my superiors, Lady Rafaema. That’s not within my power to grant.”
