Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 4
Vors was just about to say—something—that he didn’t want to be lectured by a mere [Mercenary], that he didn’t have to stand for this coming from her, something about their peoples not getting along—when the door opened.
“I say, is it my turn to meet with the [General] of this place? I’ve been waiting for quite some time, you know. Not that it’s inconveniencing or anything…”
The Lamia and Drake both turned around and saw a man peering out of his room. He stared at the two non-Humans in clear alarm.
“Are you my, ah, liaisons?”
Vors looked at the [Lord] in his late thirties.
“Who…are you?”
“Lord Solvet. The Kingdom of Avel. How do you do? Er—sir?”
The man looked as bewildered as Vors felt—the difference was that he showed it. He was garbed in dress clothes of all things, not armor like Vors’ enchanted cloth, or Tusxe’s metal. He looked incredibly confused as he came out of his room.
“You wouldn’t happen to know when I’m meeting with General Idecan, do you? I was scheduled for a meeting two hours ago, but—”
“Two hours?”
The two commanders chorused in horror. Vors instantly turned to the man.
“Why didn’t you ask what the delay was?”
“Well…that would hardly be fitting. I am representing nearly six nations, and I am quite aware of Rhir’s status—it was also a long journey, so I confess to having nodded off.”
The [Lord] of Avel was embarrassed, but to Vors’ surprise, stuck out a hand as he bowed slightly.
“How do you do? I apologize, sir. I haven’t asked your name.”
“Er—General Vors of Fissival. Exceptionally pleased.”
Solvet blinked at Vors’ clawed hand and hesitated, nearly withdrawing his hand. He was wary of Vors’ claws. The [General] was amused and shook the man’s hand without scratching him. Tusxe did likewise.
“A pleasure. It looks like we’re all sitting around. Do you think they’ll mind if we talk out here?”
“It certainly beats my room. It’s—cramped.”
Vors glanced around, unsure how much to say if someone walked in on them. Solvet hesitated before nodding.
“It ah—lacked for certain refreshments. I suppose Rhir pours its budget into the defense of the nation—commendable! I might suggest to his Majesty—of Avel—that we add a bit more to our contributions, however. My room was, ah, slightly stuffy.”
Tusxe glanced from man to man, and snorted.
“My room was a craphole; I’ve had better stays in inns in a village in the middle of the jungle. I could swear there was something moving in my bowl.”
“You too?”
The two chorused before they could help themselves. Vors and Solvet exchanged glances.
“—Hang on. Would you mind if we looked inside your room?”
He turned to the Lamia. She shrugged.
“It’s not like I’ve got anything in there. Come on.”
She opened the door and the two followed her. Solvet and Vors found exact copies of their room, down to the bowl of nuts.
“There it is again! What is—”
Solvet recoiled in horror as a beetle scurried out of the bowl. Tusxe made a noise of disgust—Vors lost his temper.
“That’s it. I’m finding whoever put us in here. If this is some kind of a joke—this is what they’re serving to the High Command of our nations? What are they feeding the soldiers?”
“Isn’t that uh—different—for your species? Could that be construed as a snack?”
Solvet suggested timidly. Vors stopped, halfway out the door. He turned back and Tusxe and he exchanged an incredulous look and stared at the Human. Tusxe spoke first.
“Excuse me, Lord Solvet. Do you happen to eat bugs?”
“Me? No, no. I just—”
“Well, I don’t either! Get a Selphid for that. Who eats bugs?”
