Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 12
A [Shatterbolt] spell vanished as it hit his glowing, black barrier produced by the amulet on his neck. He replied with a torrent of black bolts of flickering magic. They melted through the wall as Lehra grabbed Niila and hurled her to safety, leaving a dangerous magical ooze in their wake. She growled, her eyes, a mix of yellow and brown, a rarity among her kind, furious.
“This is all your fault, Niila! These people could be hurt because you gave our location away!”
The Drake with green-white speckled scales stared at Lehra. Both of them were young. Adventurers. Lehra had a blondish fur, now covered in dust. And she’d just saved her rival’s life, despite Niila chasing her across the continent for the last year. The Drake found her words and shot back.
“My fault! He’s after you! Give me the Blade and I’ll take it back to Fissival!”
“Hah! You can’t even use it! I—”
Thwoom. The spell blasted another part of the shop apart. The two Captains looked at each other. The rest of their teams had turned to confront the crazed Drake, who had been outcast from the Scholarium of Fissival for his crimes. Lehra gritted her teeth.
“This is no time to be arguing! I have to get to the Meeting of Tribes, but not with this kind of trouble on my back! Truce?”
“Truce!”
They broke from cover. Dragial, the former Wall Lord of Fissival, hesitated. For all they were enemies—and Niila his student—
“Traitorous child!”
He missed her as she distracted him. They were working like a team!
Old friends. They had been on the same team. In his employ, a long time ago. And not long ago. Little more than two years. Two Silver-ranks, one a Gnoll whose tribe specialized in delving into old Ruins. The Ruinstrider Tribe, a minor, small tribe which was now an honored guest among the most famous at the Meeting of Tribes.
All because of the Named Adventurer she had become. But still—one with a bounty on her head from the City of Magic that no other Walled City had ratified. Someone who’d shot from Silver-rank to Named-rank in a year.
And who possessed a key to the fabled Forge of the Star Dragon, an artifact or perhaps treasury of power from the Ancestors of Drakes. Declared the property of Fissival, which Lord Dragial was obsessed with collecting. But it was hers.
Too late, the [Astromancer] realized he’d been tricked! He turned his staff away from Niila, but a fraction too slowly.
Lehra Ruinstrider raised her furry arm into the air. She wore only normal clothing; she hadn’t been prepared for a fight! Her friends, the Gazer, Dwarf, and Stitchman, forced back the monsters to buy her that precious moment.
The artifact was a single vambrace on her arm, a glittering jewel that was black as night with tiny glitters like the celestial bodies in the center. The metal was like silver—but even more advanced than mithril.
An alloy that had broken to nothing. An artifact from a bygone era. A relic-class weapon, or perhaps, so some believed, a clue to greater treasures still. Found from a ruin by the Gnoll—no.
It had chosen her. The [Astromancer] raised his staff, conjuring a Tier 5 spell, but it was too late. Lehra took a breath and shouted the activation phrase.
“In the name of the City of Stars!”
The Gauntlet, known as the Blade of Mershi, glowed. So did the Gnoll. Those watching shielded their eyes.
“What’s happening?”
The [Master Potter] lowered his claws. And in the place where the Gnoll had been—
An armored figure blocked the lance of light coming from Lord Dragial’s staff. Her body was covered in the same starmetal armor. Smooth, segmented armor. And—the headpiece—the tailpiece—
