Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 14
“Sergeant Relc? Of course. We heard all the stories about him. He was actually 4th Company’s secret weapon. Back in the day he’d take out the enemy officer. Even a [Commander]-class once or twice! Just charge in, cut his way through, get away. Hit and run. Classic tactics. Of course, Captain Wikir served with him. Credit to the army. [Spearmaster]. Just like Wing Commander Embria. She learned it from him.”
Captain Pielt was speaking loudly to a crowd of listeners. Embria smiled as she finished her drink—she was getting countless requests for war stories about Relc. And reluctantly—reluctantly answering them. She…couldn’t stop smiling.
 
—-
 
There was time to laugh. Erin found herself sitting at a table with Rufelt, Lasica, Selys, Relc, and a handful of others. Pelt was happily getting drunk—Erin had promised him maximum discount and the Dwarf seemed content as Erin had ever seen him. Right now, though, Erin was just smiling.
She’d deal with the rest later. Including her [Garden of Sanctuary] which hadn’t appeared, even outside. Maybe she needed actual dirt and stuff? Lyonette had the flower pots in her room upstairs. And they were blooming well—half had been lost in the inn’s destruction, but Mrsha had helped bring them back.
“So we’re not in trouble? Promise? You’re sure?”
Lasica nodded. She was having a juice, like Erin. Rufelt had provided drinks for the others. Lasica took a few fries from the bowl and dipped them into Erin’s ketchup.
“The Assembly is hopping mad, but no one’s calling for your head. Or—Bird. Really, if the Walled Cities were organized, they’d probably do something, but they’re all fighting. Half are blaming Pallass for the attack.”
“It wasn’t their fault. I could have told you—Wyverns can do nasty tricks like that frost attack.”
Jelaqua sighed. She was chewing happily, and feeding Maughin’s head fries. It was a funny sight. Lasica shrugged.
“You know the cities. Erin, those are decent fries.”
“Thanks!”
“But why is it so salty? Do we need to have another cooking lesson?”
“Hey! Maybe! But this is fun food.”
“Greasy, is what I call it. Come to the bar later and I’ll give you another lesson.”
“And I’ll teach your [Bartender] more tricks. We owe you, Erin. I’m sorry about, er, everything during the battle.”
Rufelt looked embarrassed as he hugged his wife. Erin smiled.
“Hey! No problem. And congratulations! How do you know?”
Both husband and wife coughed. Relc looked blank as he drank from a mix of Antinium Rxlvn and a very sweet syrup. It was apparently the only thing that could make it flavorful. Also—Relc was one of the few people it wouldn’t knock out instantly.
“Well, it’s not a matter of knowing, Erin. We ah, you know interspecies couples have to purchase specific charms? It’s…effective.”
“If you buy the right ones. And I’m only a few weeks into it, so someone can stop treating me as if I’m glass!”
Lasica glared at her husband. He blushed again under his fur. You could tell by the way it rose. Erin laughed in delight.
“It’s still so great! But you’re so sure? When—”
“Well, we had a conversation—”
“Oh. You two had sex.”
Relc burped, finally catching on. The table exploded into laughter as Jelaqua leaned back, howling. Maughin had turned bright red. The Dullahan cleared his throat.
“That may be an inappropriate topic with children around.”
He looked at Mrsha, who was wandering the tables. Jelaqua nudged Maughin cheerfully.
“Don’t worry, Maughin. It’s just sex. You don’t have a problem with it normally.”
