Interlude – The Great Race
Page 31
It did feel stifling, though. Well, Ilvriss wouldn’t be in Salazsar all the time, so maybe it would actually be a net positive? Zail was going to be pulling strings, and he’d even hinted he had contacts he could prevail on to keep things working well between the Walled Cities.
Yet Ilvriss felt…there was something he could well and truly do to help ensure that the new lands were not disastrous. Or rather, that any disaster might be improved.
His claws twitched over a [Message] scroll he’d set up, one of those permanent two-way lines. Another new Wistram service, but he’d been cautious, and it hadn’t been used that much. He scrolled down it and saw a few new entries from the other side.
 
Mrsha — Hey, it’s me.
Mrsha — Hello? I am collecting money for the Liscor Cookie Fund. I accept donations in gold and gemstones.
[Prince] Merton the Fabulous — Hello, Wall Lord, sir. I am a [Prince] from Baleros who has fallen on hard times. I only require 50 gold pieces to reclaim my fortune. I will then send you 500 gold pieces in return.
Erin — Mrsha’s grounded. Sorry. How’s it going, Ilvriss?
 
He smiled at that. And Ilvriss’ quill hesitated as he dipped it in ink and studied his other [Message] scrolls and correspondence.
He was tempted. Oh, so tempted to ask a certain [Innkeeper] whether she’d be interested in setting up a wing of her inn or a temporary inn in the new lands. After all, everyone needed a drink. A place to stay. And surely there would be fewer places more equipped to deal with monsters and chaos, eh?
But he doubted Erin would go, and even with her impishness aside—he would not put a little girl in danger. Again.
That was what he needed, though. Salazsar was being competent. But Ilvriss well remembered how their competent, highly-trained army had once lost to a tiny group of Drake cities led by Zel Shivertail.
When you were up against the smartest and best, like Chaldion or the King of Destruction, and wrestling against foes who outmatched you—you needed a random [Innkeeper] with a frying pan to add some confusion to the mix.
So what was Ilvriss’ plan? He thought for a really, really long time. But he was rich. And he did have plausible deniability. And besides—he thought Erin might laugh about this for a while. Unless she punched him.
At last, Ilvriss wrote on the scroll a short reply to Erin, letting her know how ‘things’ were. Then he rolled up the scroll and reached for another one.
Alrric had not really said how he got the second scroll, only that he had a ‘contact’. Well, everyone said that, but Alrric had actually managed to go through the black market that Ilvriss knew existed in Salazsar. This…was still something.
Ilvriss slowly opened the scroll and chose his words carefully before writing.
 
To the Goblin Chieftain, Rags. I would like to hire your forces for a task in the new lands. If you are interested, please reply to this [Message] within the week. I am prepared to compensate you quite handsomely in gold or other means.
I may add that while our correspondence is not secret due to these scrolls, we have a mutual friend in the inn. Though I do not care for flies.
—‘Employer I’
 
He wondered if the [Rogues] or whomever were reading this would think it was advanced code. Ilvriss sighed. He sat back, heart beating a bit faster and smiled to himself as he put his feet up on his desk.
“Chaos.”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Thoughts: Did I do it? Is this a shorter chapter? Well, I have one thing I’d like to write.
And that’s Reasons to Hate Tolkien #4: his songs.
