Interlude – The Great Race
Page 6
So that was the angle he was going for this time. Silveran inspected the floorboards as Liska rolled her eyes.
“Well, only a modicum of dirt here. But if we enter the hallway and see the criminally overworked—hmm. Wait. Where is my dirt?”
He hunted around as the Antinium presented themselves to Ishkr. He patiently assigned them each to a chore and watched them as Silveran glared accusingly at Ishkr.
“Ishkr.”
“Silveran.”
“I see you’ve mopped the floors. And waxed them?”
“Last week.”
“I see. I see. How good of you. But have you cleaned Bird’s tower?”
He hurried past Ishkr to the always-occupied Bird’s tower.
 
(★★★★★) Bird, [Hunter] — Leaves rotting birds in hiding spots. Asks for bird-related food. Lie and tell him that broccoli comes from broccoli birds. Sings okay. It’s mostly the rotting birds.
 
Silveran came down a minute later, looking mad. His antennae twitched as Ishkr innocently held a bowl of chowder out.
“Breakfast, Silveran?”
“I see Bird is attended to and the tower is moderately clean. Well done. Well done. Perhaps I shall have chowder after all. Oops!”
The Antinium took the bowl and ‘innocently’ tried to toss it over a table as Liska poked her head back into the inn to ask if they had any more unscheduled guests. She saw Ishkr catch the bowl before it could tip. He and Silveran exchanged another glance as the Antinium turned to stare at them.
“Careful, Mister Silveran. You might not get to work on time.”
“Thank you, Ishkr.”
The two stared silently at each other. After a moment, Ishkr sighed gustily.
“…The Players of Liscor are putting on a performance tonight. Two plays. Would you like to clean up for a small fee afterwards?”
Silveran instantly brightened up. He stuck out a hand, and Ishkr shook it.
“Excellent service as always. Tonight? I will be there.”
Amazing. Somehow, Ishkr actually dealt with the problematic Silveran—which was an issue Liska had never thought would crop up. Indeed, he seemed to be on top of things as she monitored the door.
Liska was yawning by the time morning was done, but she perked up when the most attractive—
Wait a second, it was Gireulashia. Liska sighed. The gigantic Gnoll with brilliant dusky red fur, perfect features, and build was apparently fifteen. And she was accompanied by no less than three of the Ekhtouch Tribe.
Hot. Even the guys were moderately attractive. One older woman and two younger ones, maybe in their late thirties and mid-twenties respectively. Liska saw Gireulashia walk into the inn, and her ears heard them speaking inside from the open doorway.
That was the thing. Even if she had to stand and watch a door, she could at least hear fun things.
They were discussing something slightly fascinating as Ishkr got them a lot of food. Liska heard a growl.
“Chieftain Gireulashia—”
“Chieftain or Chieftain Gire.”
The [Paragon] corrected them. The Gnoll sighed.
“Chieftain Gire. The rest of the tribe is asking where to meet up. Our separated groups are already bound for the Great Plains, but where shall we go afterwards?”
Gire grumbled as she munched on what smelled like a steak. For breakfast? She answered with a younger girl’s complaint in her carefully-enunciated tones.
“Can’t you all do anything? It’s not hard. We’re still nomadic. It’s just—get me a map. A cheap one I can draw on.”
