Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 44
One of the [Guards] stopped in front of the cells where they had been placed. Riqre’s manor was an actual keep, an old one in the middle of nowhere, along Zeikhal, the Great Desert. It was actually quite far from Roshal; perhaps to keep his passions hidden.
Pisces rose, slowly. The others looked at him, but he just nodded.
“Very…well. What does he want?”
The [Guard] gave him a look almost as blank and uncaring as Rophir, as all those who served under Riqre for a long time.
“Your company.”
 
—-
 
All thoughts of escape vanished as Pisces walked to Riqre’s manor. He had too many devoted servants, too many [Guards]…and Pisces had his collar and manacles.
Riqre actually wanted them taken off, but Igheriz had the presence of mind to refuse, and the Emir took it with bad grace. A good thing too, because Pisces wasn’t sure if he could have stopped himself from trying to strangle all three [Slave Masters] at the banquet table, collar weakening him or not.
The Emir was decadent in his home. He sat, wearing clothes on his upper body—none beneath. His [Slaves] twined around him, obscuring everything from view, but that didn’t change the obvious.
His trusted [Guards] and people were just as unrestrained. Here, as Pisces sat and ate nothing—but drank liberally—he saw the very thing he’d feared.
But not the depths. Not yet. That lay below and Riqre had not shown him. He must have shown Hrome or Igheriz, because Hrome was pale and drank so fast and hard that he passed out within minutes.
Igheriz didn’t pass out. He had been shaken by Riqre. He did not like Riqre, what the Emir did, but Riqre was the better between the two at molding people. And he was doing it to Igheriz.
Darkness begat darkness. Pisces saw only one of Igheriz’s [Slaves] here. Some of the [Guards] were here, staring or even beginning to get sucked into the madness.
But Eloque? The Lizardwoman was here and Igheriz turned all his fear and loathing and all he had seen on her.
Pisces looked away. If he could have stopped it—in every place, there was something to fight against. Which was worse, Riqre’s people, who believed they loved it because he had broken them, or Eloque? She protested—then fought, as Igheriz hurt her.
“Enough! Enough!”
Eloque cried out. Pisces half-rose—but it was Azam who spoke. The Djinni stood, arms folded, a permanent bodyguard.
“You will injure her beyond repair, Master. You bid me stop you.”
“Azam! Enough!”
Igheriz rose, as mad as Riqre. The Emir turned his head and his gaze fixed on Azam. Eloque ran, sobbing, and Pisces felt a lurch.
“Such insolence from your servant. He countermands you? Now would be the time to punish him, yes?”
Azam froze. Igheriz rose in a rage. He barely hesitated.
“Yes! Magicore! Lend me some, Riqre! Two times—no, thrice what he drank last! You will hold your tongue, Azam.”
The Djinni actually shrank. Riqre laughed and demanded some brought at once.
“Master, I beg you. Not that. I will lose myself.”
Azam spoke, his voice straying to…pleading? Not enough. Pisces watched as Igheriz hesitated, but Riqre was there, whispering in his ear again.
“Ah, he is repentant! Maybe you should relent, Igheriz?”
“Maybe. Maybe.”
Igheriz muttered, his wrath warring with what he knew he could do to Azam. Then he looked sideways and flinched. Riqre’s eyes were dark pools.
“Azam begs forgiveness. Yet he does so only in words. Perhaps…if he wishes to avoid the magicore, perhaps have him prove it.”
“H-how?”
The Emir grinned.
