Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 8
“—I’m sure we could arrange a meeting. As First Gardener, I will of course help them if they are here for their friend. We could even arrange an escort—with the Pegasus Riders. You may visit them once they enter the city. If we come to an understanding.”
She saw the young Drag—Drake close his mouth and scowl. He knew what was coming next. The First Gardener sighed.
“Cire. About your…girlfriend.”
“I can have one. She’s special.”
“You said that about Wusha.”
“Well, I was wrong okay? But F—no, wait. Eerie’s the right one for me!”
“Cire, she’s a Gnoll. A Plains Gnoll.”
“So? I’m okay with that. Besides, she’s hot. Have you seen—”
The Drake broke off, seeing the First Gardener’s expression.
“Cirediel. You cannot continue to…see her. It’s too dangerous.”
“What? That’s not fair! I like her! She loves me! Besides, nothing’s going to come of it. I mean, babies. She was all worried, and I said—”
The First Gardener stomped her foot. And the room  carved out of the tree shook. Shaerrha was a [Green Mage] who had trained with [Druids]. Her ward looked at her, realizing she really was mad.
“You are incautious. Cirediel. That is exactly what I am talking about. If you must…date…it can only be within Oteslia’s people. There are many Drakes and Gnolls who are interested in you—”
“And I’m not. I’ve hung out with like, a quarter of them already. I’m bored, Mom!”
“No Plains Gnolls. Break up with your friend—politely. You can keep talking with her, but if she sees you when you’re unguarded or you let something slip…again…”
Cire pouted. He glared at his mother.
His…adopted mother? Even that was hard. Shaerrha loved Cire. She truly did. But she knew what he was. And how old he was and…
“Yasy was cooler than you. She let me do what I wanted. Is she still touring the world?”
“…Yes. I’m sorry. She sends her love. I could obtain a letter…”
“I’m cool. It’s not like it matters.”
Cire turned, folding his arms and wings sullenly. Suddenly, Shaerrra felt bad for the young Drake.
He had to know that Yasyiin, the last Grand Gardener of Oteslia—was dead. But as the last five Gardeners of Oteslia had done, she’d gone on vacation in her last years. To die away from her city and spare the Drake—their ward—heartbreak.
Now, Cirediel stood, looking a bit lost as he stared at Shaerrha.
“Sorry, Mom. I didn’t mean it.”
She smiled, and wondered if he would remember her name when she was long gone.
“I know that, Cire. And I am sorry too. It’s just that your friend Eerie—could smell you.”
“I lied. She says I have a cool scent. What if—”
“I’m sorry, Cire.”
The Drake kicked at a rug. He flexed his wings and then shrugged, moodily.
“That’s fine. I’m sort of done with Drakes and Gnolls anyways. You know what would be cool? Humans. What about them?”
The First Gardener had a headache again. Cire was…young. And older than she was.
He was over ninety years old. And naturally—
He was a Dragon.
But oh, what a different sort of Dragon from the one Manus had. Luciva Skybreath had no idea. She had Rafaema, who had decades on Cire. Okay, thirty years, but that was a lot, especially for developmental Dragons.
Cire was in the middle of his adolescence. And it showed. He was…young…for a Dragon. But they were cognizant as fast as other species, even if it took their bodies longer to grow. So, like half-Elves, their puberties lasted a long time.
The Gardeners and people of Oteslia had spent a long time protecting their ward. Not only was Cire under the effect of a transformation spell and multiple tricks, like a scent-destroying tonic he often forgot to apply, he had his own bodyguards.
