Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 13
“Nope. It’s just the citywide spell. [Speed]. Everyone gets one minute per day.”
“What?”
They dashed his hopes just to show him more anime! Luan’s shouting became so loud that Ekrn plugged his ears.
“Gah, you didn’t blink at the Galift and this impresses you? It’s a damned waste. This isn’t necessary! This is why we’re over our allotment and monsters keep coming by.”
There was that word again. Allotment. Luan looked around.
“What is allotment?”
Ekrn gave the city a sour look. Noa, an affectionate one. She was a Tallguard, but she had grown up in cities like this one.
“It’s magic, of course. See?”
There it was. As they walked through the city of Fraerlings, Luan saw it everywhere. Wherever technology would have normally been—magic took its place.
In every example. For instance, he couldn’t feel it much to his disappointment, but the glass jar clouded a bit because the air had grown cold as they passed by what he only could describe as a supermarket. Food lay in bins, preserved by magic, and the air was colder! Because someone had created a Rune of Cooling.
A child was throwing a little airplane—no, it was a bird with wings! She threw it up and laughed, chasing after it, directing it somehow as it zoomed about.
From toys to cooling to…Luan saw someone knock over an object in a shop with a crash. There were mops and presumably, cleaners, but the [Shopkeeper], in a hurry to not lose time or sales with the broken glass, found a talisman and waved it. The glass and liquid collected into a ball, which she flicked into a receptacle.
Ekrn looked at it all and had none of Noa’s affection or Luan’s longing.
“Fraerling settlements that run on magic have something called ‘allotment’, Luan Khumalo. I don’t know if your Tallfolk cities do; Wistram might not, but it’s a special case. Allotment means that you can’t use up too much magic in stupid enchantments like ones that let you fly in certain rooms, or speed up. It’s wasteful and Paeth has been over the last three months. They need to get it under control, by reducing, or blocking more from reaching the outside.”
“Why’s that important?”
The Fraerling gave Luan a look.
“You’re a City Runner, aren’t you? Think about it. Magic. Ever heard of how [Farmers] grow Sage’s Grass? We don’t need as much magic for our spells, but in a city like this, we produce far, far more than any ten Tallfolk [Mages]. What do you think that does?”
Luan thought about it. He had an answer, but wasn’t sure if it was right.
“It…attracts monsters that want it?”
“Yep.”
Noa and Ekrn chorused at the same time. Ekrn looked around.
“Allotment is a limit the Tallguard sets. We can tell how much magic leaks from a settlement. Too much, and hungry things come after it, thinking we’re animals or plants—they don’t care. If it gets too high, we can’t defend a place like this and Paeth is bad with it. Too much wasteful stuff.”
“It comes and goes. The Guidance gets what we want each month, and they cancel old spells to keep us under. Or they used to.”
The [Sentry Leader] sneered.
“Inners don’t care. The Architects don’t understand. Not ‘we’, they, Noa. We tell them every time and they think we’re paranoid fools. None of them have ever seen a nest of roach eggs or had to crush them and burn the things alive! No one here has seen a cat eating their prey and torturing them to draw the rest out. Look!”
He pointed around, and Luan saw that Ekrn and Noa were outsiders. More than him. A floating eye in a jar got less looks than two Fraerlings wearing armor, carrying swords. A child pointed, and he heard a single word.
“Titan.”
