Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 15
Cade looked around, wide-eyed. Mrsha was smiling smugly. She gestured around and then made the door reappear by the adventurers. But Cade and Grev were awestruck. They stared around and Mrsha decided to give them the silver-coin tour. She raced forwards and they ran after her, excited as could be.
As they ran, they didn’t notice the figure sitting on the hilltop at first. But that was because he was green, and sitting still.
Numbtongue chewed on some of Erin’s new calzone and listened. He was separate from the main inn, having retreated here for some peace and quiet. Sit in the inn among all the other people and be bothered? No thank you.
But he was also in…a conference. A meeting of minds. Or souls.
His other two guests weren’t eating, but Pyrite had had a minute’s worth of pizza—just a slice, you had to savor your food—and pronounce it good. And the other Goblin—well, he wasn’t part of Numbtongue. Yet.
And they were speaking. Advising the [Bard]. Numbtongue didn’t trust the Goblin Lord. He had killed Headscratcher, or Az’kerash had, through him. But he was listening. That was all.
He’d been blindsided by the [Ladies]. Helpless as everyone else. He hadn’t even realized he’d done nothing until it was over. That was what terrified the [Bard]. But Pyrite and Reiss were more sanguine about it.
“Can’t defeat high-levels. Plans. Three at once. Not good. [Ladies] hard to kill. Run away—throw an axe when not looking.”
Pyrite opined. He was sitting at his ease, in a Sage’s Grass plant. But his ghost was there. So was Reiss’. The Goblin Lord nodded.
“Ladies can’t hurt you directly. If they wanted to hurt you—you could fight back. They used the power of formality, which relies on doing no direct harm. All their power is like this.”
Reiss reached through Numbtongue. The living Hobgoblin recoiled, but Reiss’ hand was just nothingness. The Goblin Lord nodded.
“The power of [Ladies] is strongest in their class. Alliances. Indirect power. They do nothing to your face, but they hit you a day, a week, a month later with a thousand spears. Words are their weapons. If I was joined with you—I could have resisted. But for one minute.”
“Not bad thing happening to Antinium. Good to watch flanks. Antinium are dangerous. Good ones are good. But bad ones? Like Humans.”
Pyrite nodded as Numbtongue tore off some of the calzone and chewed. He felt better. Reiss nodded.
“Az’kerash is more dangerous. His minions are everywhere. I told you. Let me help. I can enchant basic objects. Use my strength.”
“Not yet.”
Numbtongue muttered. Not yet. He didn’t want to have Reiss in him. It was more than just a grudge. Being Reiss meant living his perspective, knowing his memories. He would see Headscratcher die a second time. He also didn’t want…to sympathize with his foe.
Reiss sighed. He looked at Pyrite and the [Chieftain] tried to chew on some dirt. He was probably thinking of something that would convince Numbtongue when the Goblin heard a scream.
“G-G—Goblin!”
He looked down. Grev was standing there, with Mrsha. But the little boy who’d run up the hill, laughing too hard to notice him at first was unfamiliar. And Cade, for all his youth, was an adventurer’s child. He took one look at Numbtongue and screamed.
“Goblin! Mom! Gooooblin!”
“Hm?”
Numbtongue stared blankly at the child as the boy tumbled down the hill. Cade ran screaming as Numbtongue kept chewing on his food. Mrsha waved her paws, but she couldn’t shout. And Grev wasn’t helping. He laughed at Cade’s panic as the boy fled—
