Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 48
“Technically—no. I know Captain Rasea’s legend. Most do. She was a [Pirate]. She joined the Undersea Crews—that’s the name for the drowned Folk who turn to their brand of piracy. Even took the Sea’s Bargain. Half-angler, that’s her. And her ships glows like she does. But she left the Undersea Crews. She’s a [Pirate].”
“Which means she preys on everyone, including Drowned Vessels. How good is she in a fight?”
Yerranola looked around. First Mate Delivan inhaled.
“You mean—can we repel her crew? No. There’re less of them, but each one’s as good as a [Storm Sailor]. Better.”
“Then we have to be clever. Outwit her. We can’t—fight her. Those are Minotaurian ballistae. She’s seized them from House of Minos ships she’s sunk. We must trick her. I vote that we send her to the giant crab. That’s treasure. She can battle it out with them.”
Venaz punched his palm with a fist. Wil shook his head.
“I don’t think that will work, Venaz. We can try, but…Captain Lasc, did you say [Pirates] have an odd sort? An odd sort of what? Honor?”
“Aye, Lord Kallinad. Odd as it is, they do their own thing. Some kill every person they raid—like the damned Bloodtear Pirates. Savage armada, that lot. Others have rules. The Illuminary kills only those who fight back. So they’re more traditional. They’re all completely mad.”
“They’re also tied to Savere. A [Pirate] nation.”
Wil thought aloud. He had…an idea. It mainly hinged on how crazy Rasea was. And given that she had been disappointed there was no Kraken attack, he guessed the answer was ‘very’.
 
—-
 
“Ah, Lord Kallinad! And Captain Lasc! Can I help you? Say the word! We could conjure you a stiff breeze if you want to move faster!”
The Illuminary was easily keeping pace with The Emerald Signet. Wil looked at Rasea, lounging on the railing.
“Actually, Captain Rasea, we were hoping we could—parlay.”
The woman looked blank.
“What does that mean? Oh, negotiate your surr—I mean, talk? Why not?”
“Well—we were hoping to make this a solo venture, Captain Rasea. We’re greatly indebted to you, but I’m on a sort of private mission. My teacher, the Titan of Baleros, has given me some…leads. It’s a secret, so I cannot share all of it. But—you haven’t heard anything about it, have you?”
The half-angler woman hesitated.
“What? Me? No, we were just in the area, right, lads?”
“That’s right. We didn’t hear a Minotaur and Selphid bragging about—wait. Nothing!”
The rest of Rasea’s crew lied about as well as their [Captain]. Wil’s head slowly turned to Venaz and Yerranola. The two [Strategists] instantly looked away. Merrik edged over slowly and whispered at them.
“Venaz? I’m going to break your legs in your sleep.”
“You can do mine. Oh, dead gods. You think they heard when we were drinking, Venaz—?”
Yerra was blushing orange through her dead skin. Wil wanted to throw himself overboard. Or his friends. He put his head down, and then raised it and smiled artificially at Rasea. She still thought he hadn’t caught on. Or she didn’t care how transparent she was being. She was still glowing.
“Well, Captain Rasea, I’d prefer to do the rest of my…exploration in peace. I appreciate the assistance, truly. However, we’re very grateful. As thanks—what if we put you on the lead of some treasure?”
Rasea’s eyes lit up. Literally; her right eye glowed brighter and her crew grinned.
“Treasure? Well, we’d never say no to that. What did you have in mind?”
