Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 25
I am a very honorable warrior. [Honor Warrior] Gerise. I have written you from my home to vouch for Calruz of Hammerad. I have never met him, but the rat is right.
You must not kill a Minotaur! For the rat!
—Gerise.
 
Venaz’s lips moved, but the more he re-read, the less it made sense. And they were all like that. One of the letters that Wil picked up made him gasp.
“Venaz! Did Calruz mention being in Terandria?”
“Maybe. Why?”
“He knows a—look at this!”
Wil showed Venaz the letter, and the Minotaur blinked.
 
Dear Venaz, sir. 
I am writing you very urgently about Calruz. I have just heard of his plight. I am a [Prince] of Ailendamus. Calruz saved my life from a hundred Crelers when we were small. I request on behalf of my country that you not execute him. Please give my best to your King.
Sincerely, Prince Omalous of Ailendamus.
 
It took Venaz exactly four minutes to catch onto the problem with the letter.
“This is fake. There’s no Prince Omalous of Ailendamus.”
“How are all these being sent? The cost…”
The amount of money per [Message] spell had to be high, even if these were being sent from a Mage’s Guild waiving the sending and spell cost. The Liscorian [Mages] didn’t look happy, even if they were making good coin.
“The money’s all been verified, more’s the problem. There’s a few backers. A few Merchant’s Guild funds owned by some [Merchants] who set it up, somewhere called Anazuland…they cut off the letters after the first thousand. I can’t imagine how much gold it cost.”
A very unhappy [Witch] had heard about the mass-sending, but Venaz just stared at the piles of letters he had to stuff into a bag of holding. Apparently, the King of Minos was getting these letters too.
Who was sending them, though?
The answer might surprise you. Yes, it was funny to the Goblins. Yes, they did it because a rat had written the first letter and because they were sending it to Minotaurs.
But there was some sincerity in it too. Thousands of Goblins wrote letters and sent them across the world for a Minotaur’s life. Not for him.
For the rat. The Goblins reasoned simply that if any person, Minotaur or otherwise, could get a rat to plead on their behalf, they were probably worth saving.
That night, the Goblins’ island was awash with mirth, reading responses as they came in, and the laughter reached the Goblin Lord’s ears, though she sat far away from any one settlement.
Her island was no larger than any one of the House of Minos’ islands. Enough to support tens of thousands of Goblins. No more.
Not the House of Minos’ full numbers. It floated on the sea, and she looked ahead, that smile fading hour by hour.
Waiting. That night, the Goblins pleaded for a Minotaur’s life. If it had been allowed, if they had been wanted, they would have strode into that city of the Minotaur King’s throne room to demand his life.
It didn’t have to be this way. The days that would come next did not have to begin. But they did, time and again. Like Goblin Kings and the rest of their race’s struggle.
A cycle.
The one difference lay on this island. They knew much of the truth. And as they waited for the Minotaurs to come, the Goblins looked out. They knew no fear.
Not here.
 
——
 
The day of the battle, Prince Khedal heard Prince Lareqol requesting permission to join the fleet.
He was refused. Khedal backed the Minotaur King’s verdict.
“We have taken you to slay Creler nests, Lareqol. Into the dungeon below the isles. If we re-complete the [Labyrinth of Fithel], I will personally vouch for your candidacy to enter—with suitable training and a team.”
