Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 17
“I know. But…one more person? Please? I helped you with the barbells! And I think I remember this weird bar with curves in it you could make!”
The Drake sighed. But he put his hand on the door.
“One charge, then. Moore? I appreciate the help. No more than that, though, Erin. We have to send ourselves back, remember? Who’s come through?”
“Him! Hey! No one else comes through! Kel, keep them back!”
Erin shouted into the doorway. Numbtongue watched her waving her hands as he silently came downstairs. He’d taken his pack off and now he had the nugget stuffed into one of his belt pouches.
He had only a few pieces of equipment, although he carried an adventurer’s compartmentalized belt. Two healing potions, a stamina potion, a Tripvine bag, a few carrying compartments…Numbtongue irritably shifted the belt to adjust for the weight of the gold nugget. He missed who came through, but Erin bounded over with a smile on her face and found the Hobgoblin.
“Sorry! Busy as usual. Say, Numbtongue, have you had breakfast?”
“No. Got any food?”
The Hobgoblin saw lots of people eating a late breakfast. He smacked his lips as Erin nodded rapidly.
“I’ve got some food—sorry, you missed breakfast! But I’ve got bits and pieces you can nobble on. Just one sec!”
“Nobble?”
The Hobgoblin stared at Erin. She entered the kitchen, bypassing the lines of her staff moving in and out and came back with…two slices of pizza, one of her experimental crispy chicken wings, a bowl of eggs covered in ketchup, an entire carrot, and a fluffy bread roll filled with raisins. Numbtongue stared at the food, which Erin had all heaped in the bowl.
“Sorry, it’s a mess in there. Lyonette’s cooking and Ishkr’s helping, but we really need a dedicated [Cook] at this rate! I’ll pop in there after I greet—”
“What’s nobble?”
Numbtongue selected a slice of pizza and began eating. He liked all the food Erin had given him and began chomping it all down. He was hungry enough to eat it all too. Erin shrugged.
“Nobble? Nibble and nosh. You know? Eating?”
She mimed what Numbtongue was doing. The Hob frowned, chewing with his cheeks full.
“Is it a word?”
“Well, it is now!“
Erin beamed at Numbtongue, purely unaware that the word ‘nobble’ was in fact, taken and was the sort of thing the [Enforcer] in Liscor might use in parlance with his job. Numbtongue just stared at her. Then he dug in his belt pouch.
“This is what I found. See?”
He offered the nugget to her. Erin’s eyes went wide.
“Ooh! Is that gold? Can I see?”
Numbtongue nodded, smiling. This at last was what he wanted. As he ate, he handed it to Erin. She marveled at the weight, examining the curiously smooth nugget.
“It’s so polished! Did you do that? No, wait, did you find it lying about somewhere? Is…is that really how gold’s mined? It’s heavier than I thought it’d be. And it’s not as shiny!”
She accusatorially held it up to the light. The sparkle and her repeated use of the word ‘gold’ attracted some heads. A passing Drake blinked at the sparkle and wandered over. He missed Numbtongue at first; his eyes were on the nugget Erin held.
“Where’d you get that? Are you handing out gold? Is that what the theme of today is? Ancestors, it is gold. Where’d you—dead gods!”
He spotted Numbtongue at last and recoiled in shock. The Hobgoblin paused, in the middle of chowing down on the carrot. He hadn’t been doing anything, but the Drake still backed away before catching himself. He warily stared at Erin, who’d lowered the nugget with a frown.
“I er, oh. That’s the Goblin. Uh—and that’s gold. Can I see it?”
