Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 31
“What is there to think, Xherw? Plain’s Eye counsels patience, counsels listening—first Raskghar, then our magic! How much more must we think on until we realize what the Drakes have done and always do? They march armies into our land. When will the Chieftains agree to force them back and punish them? A warrior does not think while her tribe is being slaughtered. She acts!”
Chieftain Werri of the Woven Bladegrass tribe stood. The younger and more radical Chieftains all stood with her, growling assent.
Instantly, Iraz of Steelfur rose to oppose her, and a wave of tribes that respected Steelfur as well, a clear split.
“I am a warrior as well, Chieftain Werri, and I will not risk a great war that will leave us open to death from the Antinium.”
“In that case, I propose to accept the Grand Queen’s truce offer! Let’s take their land.”
Werri grinned, and the Meeting of Chieftains went into an uproar. Theikha rose and lifted a weary paw.
“Is that a true suggestion or bravado, Werri? You brought the Grand Queen’s offer before the Meeting of Tribes—if you will ask it seriously, we will vote on it.”
Werri hesitated. She looked at Theikha and bowed slowly.
“…It is not a true suggestion, Shaman Theikha. Merely a point.”
She jerked her chin up at Iraz, and he gave her a slow nod.
“I do not take it lightly, Werri. We do not see eye-to-eye. But I have not forgiven the Drakes either.”
His eyes glinted, and he looked around to make sure everyone saw he was serious. Werri gave him a reluctant smile.
“Good.”
She was sitting when another Gnoll stood. This one had feathers attached to his fur. Krshia thought he was from Satest Fletching, a tribe known for their connection with birds and the sky. She thought Bird would have loved to meet him.
“I…do have a proposal to lay before the Meeting of Tribes, Shaman Theikha. I know Silverfang has its right, but since it is brought up, may I speak?”
“Each Chieftain is equal, Chieftain Yiew. Speak.”
The [Shaman] nodded, and the Chieftain looked around.
“I do propose that we take the Grand Queen’s offer for peace. Failing that? I propose—as I have heard rumored that other tribes will propose—that after this Meeting of Tribes, we head north. Past the High Passes into the north if Magnolia Reinhart will offer it. I will sign her contract. Or—if both fail? I will leave Izril and go to Chandrar and join the King of Destruction’s armies. Or even go to Baleros or Terandria. Anywhere but here.”
For a second, everyone just stared at Chieftain Yiew. Then there was shouting, howls of discord, and sheer disbelief. Theikha had to slam her staff on the ground three times and produce a charge in the air that made their fur crackle before there was silence.
Krshia looked at Yiew in disbelief.
“You would leave our home, Yiew? Truly? This isn’t just bravado for the sake of talk? Ally with the Antinium? They killed thousands of us, and the King of Destruction—”
Reizet argued angrily. Yiew didn’t raise his head. It was bowed, and his paws were clenched, but he did not flinch either. He spoke, and his tone was one of exhaustion. Calm exhaustion, after you had wasted every scrap of anger, burnt away everything.
“The King of Destruction? I see he is under siege, Reizet. Maybe he dies. Maybe he lives and kills his foes. But what I see is that he does not kill many Gnolls, if any. Antinium? Why are you so worried about peace with them?”
Reizet snarled with sheer disbelief at his stupidity.
“Because they will turn on us once they destroy the Drakes!”
