Interlude – Relationships
Page 4
“No. But how long do you…want to keep guarding me and the inn? Do you want to do this until your contract runs out? How long is it?”
Tessa gave Erin a blank look.
“I have no idea. Someone manages my money at the Merchant’s Guild. Ilvriss didn’t say how long. I’ll do it forever. Or until I die.”
“Forever? Why?”
For answer, Tessa just produced a little, shining vial and smiled as she held it up.
“My cure. This is everything I want. Not even the Healer of Tenbault can do this. Just give me a few hours every week off. I don’t want gold, except for potions or whatever. I’m rich. I’ll pay you.”
She stared so longingly at the vial that Erin was worried she’d pop the lid and drink it now, but Tessa seemed to read Erin’s thoughts. She held up the sparkling vial. It kept changing colors; in the setting sun, it was gold, then orange, then a dark green against her black cloth armor.
“See? I don’t even need it. Breathing feels better. Someday, I might feel like having sex. Or…”
A blank look crossed her face, and Tessa looked around. Erin held her tongue, but she had to ask.
“Or what? Breathing feels better? Did it—not?”
Erin didn’t even think about breathing unless she was tired, in which case she felt a straining in her lungs, a sense as if she couldn’t inhale properly or ever fill her body with enough oxygen. But that was the failure of a body that had been frozen. Tessa just shrugged.
“I remembered a day when breathing didn’t feel like a chore. I don’t know why. The Healer of Tenbault made it so that I could lie in the sun and smile, but it always faded. The flowers make me…normal.”
Then a strange smile spread across scarred lips. Then Tessa blinked and felt at her expression. As if she didn’t know what it was on her face. She gazed at Erin.
“Don’t make me go. Eating is good. Watching plays—I laughed. Even bathing feels nice. What else? It doesn’t matter. I’ll serve you even if you need me to kill monsters every day. Alright?”
She looked at Erin pleadingly, and the [Innkeeper] half shook her head. But not in denial. After seeing that?
“I’ll never make you go. If that’s what you want—okay. But we’ll have to talk. And can you not disappear all the time if things are okay?”
Instantly, the Named Adventurer was relieved and burst into a real grin.
“You want me to appear? I can do that. Anything you want—even—well, anything.”
She was so eager to please Erin should have been relieved, but it was that first smile she was chasing, as frightened of itself as it was uncertain. She couldn’t bring it back now; she had no time. But she would find it again. For now, she let the Drake tuck that vial back in her clothing.
Tessa climbed back onto the ceiling of the coach as if her gloves were sticky and she were as light as a feather. Everyone stared up as Ulvama woke up to see a giant Drake hanging over her. Erin sighed as the [Shaman] screamed.
“Not like that. Just—normally.”
“Alright. I was sitting on the top of the carriage and looking for [Bandits], anyways. Be more visible. Anything else?”
“When we get to my inn—I want to talk with you. About you.”
“Sure. I guess that’s easy.”
Of all the things, that seemed to make Tessa more uncomfortable than the idea of killing monsters. She crawled out the window—or rather, rolled the glass down about four inches, then, disturbingly, squeezed out the crack as if her bones were liquid for a moment.
That was when Erin started hearing Nerrhavia’s voice in her ears. She wondered how badly—hurt—you had be to need Faerie Flowers. Halrac was one thing, but Tessa? She sat, troubled, as they headed back to Invrisil.
 
——
 
