Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 43
Six came with him. Not Centenium—or so she didn’t think. True Antinium nevertheless.
These were the ones the lesser Demons watched, for if it came to battle, it would be Deathless versus the Centenium. They would have to stop at least one of the others.
Bazeth’s hand was so tight on his weapon…by contrast, Flora just backed away. She craned her head up at one; they were all different sizes.
All different forms, engineered for war. She was conscious of the weight on her hip. Yet she didn’t even move her hand towards the revolver at her side. Even if she had it in hand, would it do any good?
The Demon King rose, slowly, on his throne. Czkelcill halted before him, as the Demons watched.
The Voice of the Antinium did not bow. The Demon King spoke, softly, but audibly in the silence now pervading the room.
“We greet the Antinium of Rhir. Our allies.”
The Antinium did not gainsay the statement. Nor did they move. At last, Czkelcill spoke.
“You are not the Demon King of when last we met.”
The figure on the throne smiled bleakly.
“My mother is dead. The Demons have their king. Will you speak with me?”
“Yes.”
The Antinium ducked his head. His neck was long. His eyes…there was a glow to them, which never faded. Two of the Antinium stirred, were still.
They were speaking. Communicating, in flashes so fast that Flora could not even tell what was happening. Yet only Czkelcill spoke.
“We come to confer. To ask questions.”
“Then ask. Do the Antinium come to tell us they will leave Rhir a second time? Or do you wish to know about your kin on Izril?”
It was Silvenia who asked, gliding forwards to set herself in front of the throne. Next to her, Czautha, the Djinni mighty. The Death of Wings, still bleeding ichor, set herself on the other side. Three Deathless.
They spoke to Czkelcill. The Centenium looked at them as the Antinium stirred. Silvenia had provoked them, and the Demons were uneasy. However, the Centenium was unmoved.
“Do they still speak of Klbkchhezeim, Xrniavxxel, Wrymvr?”
“They do. Though they say Xrn was wounded of late. Not how. Not why. It is a rumor plucked from Wistram’s lips.”
Czautha answered next. If she hoped for a response, again, the Antinium’s strange bard made no response.
“Yet she lives.”
“We would tell you if she dies.”
“Very well.”
An ocean of emotions Flora couldn’t see, if the opening wings of the great shelled back on one Antinium were a clue. Scythe blades on another, sharpening against each other. However, it was clear the Antinium were not here to ask about that.
“What news of the world?”
The Deathless conferred. It was not a question that surprised them. At last, the Death of Wings croaked, though it pained her.
“To your kind? Little. The King of Destruction, he wakes and makes great war. We return for battle. Nothing else of note.”
She glanced left once. But did not look at Flora. They were lying to the Antinium. Or withholding truth.
And their statement! Two things to tell the Antinium. The only things that could even possibly concern them. The return of Deathless and the King of Destruction’s waking. Not Ailendamus. Not the Four Great Companies. Nothing.
Czkelcill looked at the huge, winged features of the Death of Wings, but no hint of emotion escaped her eyes. Not so for any of the Deathless. Even so…slowly, that tall Centenium’s head swept around. His fingers plucked at the strange chords.
Once.
Twice.
Three times.
Then he looked straight at Flora. The Demons stirred. More than a few blades shifted. Yet all Czkelcill did was shake his head.
“It is not time for war.”
