Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 39
“Ah, let us work Pisces up to it, Riqre! I grant you indulgence, but it does not do for a [Caravan Master] to lose too much of his stock, even if they are his [Slaves], yes?”
Igheriz waved a wine cup from where he was sitting and indulgently watching. He had no desire to see bones moving under skin up close, but he seemed…relaxed. Almost reassured. This was clearly managing slaves as he preferred it. He still avoided ever looking in the direction of the covered wagons where the jars and [Carrion Eaters] lay, but it amazed Pisces how fast he and Hrome had compartmentalized this.
The good mood lasted all of eight more seconds before Riqre turned.
“Then, Igheriz. Shall we see to your greatest servant? Azam?”
The merriment fell silent. Igheriz looked up uneasily.
From where he stood sentry, Azam stirred.
“I…I do not think it wise to interfere with Djinni overmuch, Emir Riqre. My orders to Azam are carefully constructed. Even so, a wise owner takes few chances, is that not so?”
Igheriz licked his lips, turning a shade paler. Riqre smiled.
“What I have will not interfere with any precautions you took in binding Azam, Igheriz. It is simple, though. Look at your Djinni. Mighty Azam, will you not speak to me?”
Azam returned the stare. Silent. His eyes glowed and his body was unmoving.
“Azam respond—”
Igheriz halted as the Emir lifted a hand. Riqre turned to Igheriz.
“Ah, but you would have to command him. Your Azam is capable, intelligent, and bound well, but he is as reluctant as Pisces, Igheriz. A good Djinni would be making me laugh! Anticipating. You force him to do everything and he spitefully ignores all orders he can, is that not so?”
The Stitch-man glanced at Azam.
“…So do all Djinni behave, Riqre.”
“All Djinni do, except for the rarest, the best. Yet you can change them. It is hard to win loyalty, so I do not keep them…but there are still ways to persuade them. Look at him. He thinks he will outlive you, and I, and all here. He endures. Like the very stone he takes into his being.”
Emir Riqre skipped forwards. He walked around Azam, looking up fearlessly, circling him like a small dog would a larger animal.
Azam’s head began to turn, then he stopped. He ignored Riqre thoroughly. The Emir reached out and patted his arm. Then he reached down, between Azam’s legs.
The Djinni started. For a second his eyes flashed and he almost moved. Pisces stared as Azam froze again.
“You see. He does react. He did not like that.”
Igheriz watched Riqre, like someone watching an insane man dancing with a leg over a cliff, or poking a lion with his face in front of the bars of a cage.
“Riqre…you are fearless.”
Hrome breathed. Riqre turned.
“You are too cautious, Hrome. I know Djinni bindings. Azam will do nothing unless I offer him threat. Igheriz could…take more liberties. Yet we will talk of that later! In truth, very little of it would provoke Azam. He endures. See?”
He poked Azam’s side, and the Djinni was unmoving. Staring straight ahead. Pisces wondered what Azam was thinking. If it was anything like what Pisces would have thought, Riqre would have been dead if Azam could lift but a finger.
“Immortal but for if they are slain. Healing all but the greatest wounds. I could torture him as would make a mortal [Slave] shriek, and it would pass him by. He can forget it. I can suffer him indignities and he will mock me by waiting until my bones are dust. Yet. I do know you, Azam. I can leave a mark.”
The Djinni shivered. He didn’t look at Riqre, but his eyes flickered. Now, the Emir’s head turned and the madness was fully back in his eyes.
