Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 0

The Wandering Inn had these quiet days. When all that occurred were…small things. Not unimportant things, but days when you could obsess over things like—nails.
“Copper nails, Belgrade. I told you, it’s a thing.”
Erin stood with Belgrade and Lyonette and Octavia, measuring out a new building that would connect to the inn. The Antinium Worker paused.
“But iron has a higher tensile strength, Erin. Surely, the inn should be constructed with the maximum durability possible. Also, I would very much like to discuss the floor trap—”
“No traps.”
Octavia and Lyonette chorused. Erin hugged Belgrade with one arm.
“No traps.”
“But if there is an emergency, you, as the most important person in the inn, should have defenses. It would not be hard to stabilize a pitfall trap that would collapse Miss Octavia’s shop. And—I calculated this last night—the explosion from all the alchemical ingredients would most likely vaporize even a Gold-rank intruder.”
“And me!”
The [Alchemist] objected to this plan. Belgrade stared at her.
“Well, in my hypothetical breaching scenario, you are already dead, Miss Cotton. The invaders would have breached your shop and you would have put up a valiant defense.”
Octavia opened her mouth, but Erin turned to Belgrade.
“Let’s just focus on the shop, m’kay, Belgrade? Can you make it the size Octavia wants? And with the barricades and stuff?”
“To dive behind. And separate areas just in case I uh, make a mistake and need to quarantine. It’s actually great that it’ll be part of Erin’s inn.”
The stitch-girl nodded. Belgrade sighed. The [Trapsetter Tactician]—his new class, which he was very proud of—drooped, or his antennae did.
“I suppose we can lay out this shop. And add traps later.”
“Good. And by the way, you still have to see the garden. Um—maybe it’d be better if Anand and Pawn came too. Or—is it better alone? With all the Antinium?”
Erin hesitated. She now knew what effect the garden would have. Or at least, the hill. Belgrade paused.
“I am looking forwards to considering the strategic implications of the hill for a prolonged siege. And I regret that I only have a few fortifications prepared since I did not know of the hill—”
Erin saw Lyonette give her a despairing look. But that was Belgrade, and Erin smiled.
“I’ll show you later. But maybe not the hill just yet? We’ll see. Uh, so, about the shop—”
“I want bigger display shelves! And a sign! Octavia’s Stitchworks!”
“Ooh. Rigged to fall on intruders?”
The [Innkeeper] gave up and laughed. But as she and Lyonette restrained Belgrade’s tendencies to trap anything and everything, Erin checked the sun.
“Wait! Chess break! Sorry, let’s take thirty minutes off!”
Belgrade looked sharply at Erin and then nodded eagerly. But to his disappointment, the chess wasn’t for him. Erin apologized profusely and promised to make it up to him. And she would.
But she had a special amount of time reserved these days. For chess. Well, Erin had always done that, but now she was coordinating it. It was just an hour or less each day, maybe twice at night. Three times if you did an early morning game just to wake up.
Erin didn’t have a problem. Other people had a problem and that was that they didn’t play chess. But Erin did breathe and live the game. People forgot that about her, because it didn’t define all of her.
Yet she did love it.
 
—-
 
The game during Erin’s chess break was slow, methodical, and had gone into a draw. Which was normal at the level Erin played at. It had involved her and her opponent grinding at each other.
