Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 38
“Threefold Mirrorblade. A pity. I would have given that to young Atwood.”
The ruler of Khelt looked highly amused. Wil saw the crew charging forwards, trying to get to the chest. Through three pairs of eyes. All at once.
The image should have unsettled him. But—he heard sounds, tripled. And three minds could process it. The other two Wils looked at each other.
“Take the left side. I’ll take the right.”
One Wil spoke. The other fake-Wil nodded. He raised a hand, concentrated.
“I can’t use any Skills. But I can see—”
“Think—wait. My gear?”
All three pulled out a magical wand and stared at it. Then—all three aimed. Three enemy [Depth Sailors] went tumbling down with holes in their chests. Astonished, the [Lords] looked at Fetohep.
“Lesser artifacts.”
The [King] looked pleased at their expressions. Two Wils plunged forwards, into the fighting. Yerranola stared at a second Wil who cleaved into a [Storm Sailor]’s shoulder. He ducked a blade—the other Wil had seen it coming.
A [Depth Sailor] planted a sword in Wil’s stomach. All three [Lords] cried out. But the illusory-Wil just blinked. Then he stabbed the woman in her chest. Yerranola looked at Wil.
“Wil?”
“Didn’t hurt. Is that how it feels, Yerra?”
The Selphid’s mouth dropped open. The fake-Wil grinned. And advanced, fearless. The tide was turning as Venaz whirled, fast, putting his entire weight behind the swings of his enchanted blade. He was pressing Lord Seagrass back; the [Stormlord] was wary of the enchanted blade, and Venaz’ reach.
 
—-
 
Tulm the Mithril stared into the scrying orb. He turned to Xol.
“I want that one.”
“I as well. If desire were deed.”
The War Walker nodded slowly. He didn’t take his eyes off the battle reflected in the scrying orb. And even Tulm the Mithril was gazing at the blade Wil held.
Envious.
Relics. Everyone was fighting twice as hard to get to the blades. But Venaz, the two illusory Wils—and the final blade. The entire world watched as Lord Kallinad reached into the chest.
 
—-
 
The last blade. Wil stared at them. There was a red scimitar, a yellow single-sided blade, the black dagger, a blue—
“Which one?”
Fetohep was watching as the other two Wils fought.
“Just pick a damn color!”
Merrik roared. Wil looked around. Venaz stumbled backwards—Lord Seagrass had nicked him with his blade.
“Idiot. You don’t deserve that sword.”
He reached for the greatsword as Venaz swore; he had grown pale as Seagrass’ enchanted sword had cut him. The Minotaur rolled as a Wil charged forwards.
“Seagr—”
The [Lord] beheaded the artificial Wil. The real Wil recoiled; and he saw one of the leaves grow dark as his clone vanished. Did it have to recharge? But Venaz was running back and Admiral Seagrass was staring at Wil.
“Give me the third blade, boy.”
“Throw it here and my crew will give you passage!”
Therrium ordered. One of the Sea Serpents was screaming as Drowned Sailors clung to it. It dove, escaping the fighting. Wil reached into the chest, fumbling, as both [Captains] approached. He saw a flash of light off the portside bow. But one of the swords rose in his hand. He turned.
And shouted.
“Yerranola, catch!”
He threw the black dagger—it had been chance that guided his hand. Yerranola whirled. Her eyes went round.
“Me? But—”
The dagger clattered onto the deck. The Selphid had missed. She ran at it as everyone shouted. She dove—and a foot kicked her away.
“Aha! Mine!”
