Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 7
This time the entire corridor was breathless. Niers looked up from his conversation a second time, a clear frown on his face. Wil paused as the teachers turned to stare at him. This time even Foliana stared.
“Yes, Wil? I’m a bit busy. Foliana, perhaps we should take this to a private room later.”
“Hm.”
The Squirrel-woman’s response was unintelligible. Niers waited, folding his arms. Wil bowed slightly, and then came out with it.
“Professor, my apologies. However, I would like to ask you a question. During the games at Daquin, we did earn the right to a question of our choosing, didn’t we?”
Niers paused. He looked at Perorn, who shook her head. He turned back to Wil with a sigh.
“You did, Wil. Your memory does not deceive you. But as I just told Jekilt, I’ve been too busy to honor the bargain. I intended it to be right after I returned, but with that emergency regarding the Hydra—this really is inopportune, Wil.”
The young man paled at the criticism. But he raised his chin. Umina saw him straighten his back and clasp his hands behind him, the picture of a young Terandrian [Lord].
“I understand that, Professor. But, and I apologize in advance, your schedule seems unusually busy even for the summer. Given that we are about to enter our summer break, I request the right to ask the question, Professor. Today.”
Silent uproar. Marian’s mouth was a silent ‘o’ of horror, and she wasn’t the only one. Perorn’s eyes flashed. She opened her mouth, but Niers cut her off. He looked at Wil, and he did not seem amused by the request.
“You want it to be today, Wil Kallinad? And that is your…request?”
Silently, Wil nodded. Niers turned his head slowly.
“And you, Umina Caxical?”
Umina turned white. Niers was staring at her and she could see it on his face. This was not acceptable. But she had to trust to the same instinct Wil had had. So she nodded.
“Yes.”
She could only croak that word. For a moment Niers paused, and Umina and Wil waited to be sentenced to some truly horrible punishment.
And then—Niers exhaled. He nudged Perorn’s cheek with one elbow. She smiled slightly and her frown disappeared.
“Told you they’d do it inside of a month.”
“Demand, not ask. Fine, you win, Perorn. Take your damn amulet. Wil, couldn’t you have been more straightforward two days later?”
Niers looked at Wil with an aggrieved expression. The young man paused. But the copper coin had dropped. Venaz exhaled hugely. Feshi stared at Niers as the Titan grinned. Jekilt was slapping his forehead with the palm of his hand.
“Was that a test, Professor?”
One of the Dullahans called out, scandalized. Niers turned his head, looking innocent.
“What? Me? Test my lovely student’s resolve? Never.”
He ignored the accusatory looks and turned back to Wil. He smiled slightly. And the pride outweighed even his amusement. He nodded to the young [Lord] and then to Umina.
“Very well. I’ll clear my schedule. My personal quarters—tonight. Sunset. Both of you be prepared with your questions. Now, I am busy—”
He dodged Perorn’s hand as she flicked at him with a finger. Foliana rolled her eyes and vanished. Laughing, Niers leapt onto Commander Isheil’s palm. He turned and the teachers, minus Foliana, turned and walked down the corridor, suddenly in good spirits. The students watched them go. And then they erupted into chaos.
“It was a test! You did it, Wil! Dead gods, I thought he was going to tear your head off!”
“Another trick? I thought I offended him! Who knew Fleethoof could act?”
“And with Three-Color Stalker? Dead gods—”
