Interlude – Rufel
Page 9
Seborn nodded. The Drowned Man looked pleased. But of course; he was far from home and no one looked like him. Mrsha, for all her white fur, was more at home here. The [Rogue] took another sip and looked appreciative as Rufelt poured him a huge tankard of water. Drowned People needed to hydrate, doubly so when they drank.
“Thanks. Yes. There are worse places. The Iron Vanguard’s port cities. No one wants to fight their navies. Wistram, although they can be neutral. If you’re at odds with them, Roshal, or the Siren’s territories, perhaps. Although Zeres is probably worse. The Isles of Minos. Drathian waters. And of course, the Lord of the Dance’s waters if he thinks you’re a threat. Those are all nations, though. If you want to talk about just dangerous spots, Zeres isn’t even in the top fifty.”
“Really?”
Seborn’s smile was crooked, at least, the half of his face that would move.
“I left the sea because I was sick of it. Land monsters aren’t bad by comparison to whales that can eat ships whole. Except for Crelers. They’re as bad on land as in the water.”
“Crelers in water? Dead gods, that’s a nightmare.”
“Tell me about it. Oh. One extra-large ale if you have a tankard big enough. Or three for my friend.”
“The half-Giant? Coming right up.”
Rufelt wished he could have chatted longer with the [Rogue]. But that was how it went. He was working, not the other way around. And Rufelt liked his job. Person after person came over. Old, young, friendly or unpleasant.
It didn’t matter. The [Bartender] fulfilled every wish, unless the wish would hurt the customer. If he was a bad [Bartender], Rufelt wouldn’t have cared. But he wasn’t, so he did. And he watched. And he came to a realization in the back of his mind. But it was Lasica who articulated it. As early evening began, she stopped at his bar.
She’d been working in the kitchen to help Erin, and she paused as he served her a cool fruit drink. No alcohol. She sipped from it gratefully. Then she looked at her husband.
“Rufelt. Have you noticed? They’re so young.”
The Gnoll looked up and glanced around the inn. He didn’t see what Lasica meant for a second and glanced back at his wife, his eyebrows raised.
“What, are you saying we’re old? Or are you talking about little Mrsha?”
She shook her head, sighing.
“No. Look at Lyonette, Erin’s head [Barmaid] or whatever she is. She’s a mother. If we had a Drake daughter her age, I’d be trying to keep her from flirting with every boy her age.”
Rufelt glanced up. Now he got what Lasica meant. He looked—not at the guests of the inn—but at the people who lived there. The adventurers. Staff. Erin’s friends. Erin herself.
Erin. Ceria. Pisces. Lyonette, Selys. Yvlon. Ksmvr. No—even Krshia, Jelaqua, Moore, Seborn. Some were older, but if you looked at them, you noticed something. Friends. Teams. But no loved ones.
No couples. Jelaqua and Maughin. But of Erin? Lyonette? No one. Not even a Gnoll or Drake or Human they were making eyes at. Rufelt nodded slowly. He looked at Lasica. If they had a Drake girl their age…it wasn’t exactly foreign. But what an odd thought to compare it to the children here. But that was Lasica’s point. He paused.
“And if we had a proud Gnoll son?”
She snorted.
“You’d get to talk with him about hanging out with so many Gnolls and subscribing to that tribal nonsense and pack mentality while I worried about how many little Gnoll pups I’d be grandmother to.”
“Hey! Why are our children both sex-starved maniacs in these scenarios?”
Rufelt mock-glared at Lasica. She smiled, a bit wistfully.
