Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 9
Fetohep observed some of his citizens playing a game as he walked the streets. He stopped—pointed it out to the hundreds of people following him just to see why he was walking—and asked.
“What is that game?”
“Your Majesty?”
One of the servants chosen for the day was patently confused. She looked at the two running about, grunting and smacking a rubber ball across the ground.
“I have seen every game played by Khelt’s people. This is new.”
Khelt had every game in the world that was socially acceptable to play in public. People loved such games. Chess had caught on like fire here. Indeed; there were eight such courts here alone and it seemed like the trend.
“Your Majesty, this is tennis.”
“Tennis? Has another game appeared?”
Fetohep was familiar with football, baseball—he had commissioned Khelt’s own [Carpenters] and [Leatherworkers] and so on to replicate the games and had seen children and adults playing them. One of his people looked at him.
“Your Majesty recalls Teresa Atwood’s visit?”
She knew the name of his guest. All of Khelt’s capital probably did. Trey and Teres, as two visitors of Fetohep themselves, were famous. Fetohep’s head turned.
“Of course. Did she bring this game here?”
“She explained the rules. We thought it was your Majesty’s will—”
The woman paled. Fetohep lifted a hand.
“It is well. Teresa Atwood has done me a service, it seems.”
“Then your Majesty approves of the game?”
Mindful of the gleaming eyes, Fetohep nodded slightly. And he knew that this game would dominate his nation for the next month. Even more so when he spoke.
“Find the two best players of the game. No, sixteen. I shall observe them play.”
So he did. The people rushed to watch as eight games took place. Fetohep learned the rules, watched the matches of quite good Skill! In fact, a number of his people had even picked up the class!
Delightful. He would have smiled if he had the flesh. Fetohep immersed himself in the games.
…But only for a while. He looked around at his contented people. And his eyes and artifact counted less than a dozen among the thousands over Level 20 in any one class. They were low-level in many things, but the ones who dedicated themselves were few and far between.
“Ah.”
He watched two games, then left his people to it. Fetohep walked through his city and was reminded why he did this so seldom.
It had not changed overly much in six hundred years. The football pitches did, the baseball, tennis courts, and the plays. But the people did not. They were happy. Thusly—they bored him.
 
—-
 
The second day, the dawn of Lailight Scintillation saw a quite ordinary man standing in line for a local [Patisserie]’s shop. He stood there every day, and bought a fresh pastry, bagel, croissant—especially the special of the day or anything new.
The owner of the bakery was talented. They had made their shop from nothing and experimented constantly. Some days they tried to bake shellfish into dough with explosive diarrhea threatening anyone who ate it. Other times they made fine little cakes, or carved bits of baked bread into playable chess pieces that tasted delightful, or made their batters out of interesting or magical flavors.
It was a gamble eating from the shop, but a delightful one. And recently their baking soda breads had doubled the already fluffy Skill-based breads that came from there. The Drake man, who had been born in Roshal, had begun attracting even more business.
