Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 2
Erin punched at the loaf, and it was rescued by Numbtongue. He patted the loaf, sniffing at it.
“Good try, Erin.”
“It’s not good. It’s a disgrace. You hear me? You’re not even worth buttering!”
Erin pointed accusingly at the loaf. Mrsha looked hurt on behalf of the loaf. She thought it was the coolest thing she’d seen.
“And I got really dark too. I was all serious and stuff.”
The young woman put her head on the table. She was tired. Something had gone out of her to make the bread the five times it had taken. But it was a good step.
“You can try again. When’s the next dual new moons event?”
Palt turned to Montressa. They began astronomical calculations to find when both of the moons would be invisible. Erin sighed.
“I’ll try again later. Maybe I should make my other idea—crystalline candies. I just need to figure out the theme. Should they be, like, luminescent? Or do something?”
The concept for that idea was to take the basic rock candy recipe, only make it out of powdered gemstones from Numbtongue’s mining, among other things. The only problem was that Erin had to have a theme and intent—or she’d just make candy you broke your teeth on.
As the others were debating ideas and Numbtongue was trying to persuade Erin to collaborate on lightning lollipops, an idea that Erin was almost halfway sold on—the door to Pallass burst open and a naked Drake ran into the inn.
“Chocolate!”
Saliss of Lights screamed one word. He was out of chocolates. Erin, Palt, and the others barely looked up as the naked Drake stopped and turned around, giving everyone a clear view of his nudity.
“Hey Saliss. How’s it going?”
The Named Alchemist lowered his arms, a bit hurt by the lack of a response. He cleared his throat.
“Chocolate. I need…chocolate.”
Erin’s head rose. She frowned at him.
“I gave you a box of our milk chocolates two days ago.”
“I know. I ate them all.”
Erin opened her mouth. There had been thirty six pieces. She’d even tried a caramel—okay, Imani had made the filling—and a strawberry one.
She eyed Saliss’ thin frame.
“You ate them?”
“Breakfast, lunch, dinner. It was really handy since sometimes I forget to eat. Now. Chocolate. Here.”
Saliss slapped gold on the table. Erin raised her hands.
“We’re out—”
The [Alchemist] slapped another clawful of gold coins down. Erin scowled.
“No, really—”
“How about now?”
The [Alchemist] dumped a small pile of coins on the table. Erin stared at him.
“No, we’re actually out.”
“Oh.”
Saliss sighed. He scooped up his coins into his bag of holding. That generally worked. He noticed the Shadow Loaf and scooted over.
“Ooh, what is this?”
“A failure.”
It was weird how the two could be so much on the same wavelength. Neither blinked at the other’s antics. Lyonette had a pained look as she returned from the kitchen.
“We really are all out of chocolate, Saliss. We’ve got a bit left fermenting but…the tree’s out of pods. And our little gardener can’t make it grow any faster.”
Mrsha sighed despondently as Lyonette turned to her.
 
Lazy tree, my sincerest apologies.
 
She held up a card. Saliss turned around.
“But—how am I supposed to live?”
“Sorry. We replanted some more seeds, but it’s a tree. It’ll take ages to grow, even with help.”
Erin explained. The Drake stomped his foot.
“Unacceptable. Chocolate needs to exist and be in my mouth now. Hire a [Farmer]! No—an [Arborist]!”
“A what?”
“A tree expert, Erin. You know—we could hire Wailant to try and grow the trees. He is a good farmer since he grows Sage’s Grass.”
Lyonette rubbed at her chin. Saliss rolled his eyes.
