Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 5
Yimur and Pralcem, the Gnoll and Human, instantly stood to attention like [Guardsmen], giving such serious salutes that it was comical. Kilkran just drew himself back like the haughty [King] he loved to play and looked down his nose. But it was Jasi who had the best impression.
“[Actors]? Why, my good Wesle, we shouldn’t allow such rabble in an establishment such as this. Send them away at once!”
She turned, with such immediate and haughty distress that one of the Gnolls began to laugh. And then the Players of Celum flooded forwards to meet their counterparts.
“Dead gods! You told me you’d been putting the gold to good use but—dead gods!”
Emme was exclaiming. Temile was grinning at her.
“You think you can use them, then?”
“Of course! We’ve been having Yimur playing every Gnoll character running. And Eltistiman’s been doing illusions along with makeup but it’s not the same! We might have to train them up, but there’s room on even our first lineup for them! You need to give me a list of their Skills—”
“Done. And you have an actual [Illusionist]? We have this Centaur, Palt, helping us, but you have one on the team?”
Emme gave him a sly smile.
“And more gold than you can count! We have our own theatre! Not that The Wandering Inn was bad, but we have security—beard maggots! Have you not heard about the autographs?”
“The—you’re still doing them?”
“Yes! We have to catch up! No—we need to cast you in tonight’s play! Emme! Temile would be the perfect replacement for one of our parts! And Temile—what happened to your thumb?”
Jasi exclaimed. Temile looked down at the missing thumb on one hand and chuckled ruefully.
“I’m afraid I’m ruined for swordplay. But I gave it for a good cause—the Creler attack, I told you, remember? Andel needs to put that to a script.”
The others sobered for a second. Then Emme slapped Temile on the back.
“Of course! Of course! There’s so much we need to do! And we have seats for everyone at the Season’s Theatre—tonight! Everyone! Stop hugging each other! Remember, we have an hour to get on stage! We need to prepare!”
She roared and the Players of Celum stopped talking. Instantly, Wesle turned serious.
“I forgot! But Lady Reinhart and a number of nobles will be in attendance!”
“Dead gods! We need to get into makeup!”
Kilkran tuned pale. The [Actors] rushed towards the door, but it was only just coming back to life.
“Stand back! We’re recharging it. Ceria, Pisces—Revi, Typhenous—can you add your mana to the door? It can probably stand a few trips, but no one goes through! Got it?”
Lyonette shook her fist at the people on the other side and a young woman with black and orange hair backed up. The Players were crowding around the door. Emme, worried, stumped over.
“Can we put the Players back through, Miss Lyonette? We have to perform?”
“Oh—damn! If the [Mages] cooperate, yes! and the Sage’s Grass will do its work, but I need to check on Liscor and—yes, yes! But only a few through at a time! Give the grass time to recharge!”
“Wesle and Jasi first, then. And Kilkran and Yimur.”
Emme immediately ordered the others. The four stormed through and the door went dead again. Lyonette threw up her hands, but it was a faster recharge time.
“They’ll have Eltistiman recharge the door on his end. Dead gods, I’ll pay for [Mages] to recharge the door if I have to! We can’t have our best [Actors] over here! Send a [Message]!”
Emme was pulling at her hair as she shouted. Lyonette was trying to calm Emme.
“Don’t worry! Don’t worry! The door will put all your [Actors] through within an hour, Emme! Definitely! Even without anyone helping!”
