Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 22
Laken wished he had Rie, or Yitton. He had learned that Gralton was far more complex than he indicated—but the man still liked to pick fights. Gralton, predictably, had no idea.
“Maybe they’ll get snotty. You have your totem-things. Listen, Oswen’s good people. They have great dogs. Ever seen them? Hold on—I think I brought some with me. Trotter! Find me Waterskip and Droplets!”
One of the warhounds bounded off and came back with two more dogs. Laken had no idea what the dogs were—only that they were fairly large. His senses as an [Emperor] meant that features weren’t visible, so he reached out with his hands and found smooth, oily fur. He felt at the long dogs, their webbed feet, long ‘tails’, and laughed in astonishment.
“Gralton! What are these?”
“Otterdogs. Crossbreeds that pull Oswen’s water sleds. I knew you’d like ‘em.”
“You have Oswen’s breed?”
Gralton laughed in Laken’s face. He was Lord Gralton! He had every dog breed.
The otter dogs were affectionate, playful, and as fast in water as their cousins were on land. They had been bred with magic or something to be natural-born swamp hunters. They were delightful.
A bit smelly, but Laken didn’t object. He had to go down to the river and see them race through the water.
“Brilliant fellows. Not much use on land compared to a hound specialized for that, but Oswen’s got them hunting fish, pulling their water sleds—y’see, you shoot down game from their homes on stilts, and you send a dog out to fetch the kill. I’ve visited for fun; it’s a great place to relax. You should take that Durene and some of your folk and visit. They’ve got hot baths too. Unicorn horns embedded in the biggest one.”
“Er—willingly?”
“Think so. Some old pact back when you had the horned things wandering about.”
Laken scratched a wet otter-dog as the liquid ran off its fur. He smiled.
“You know, I like these Otterdogs a lot more than the Sariants already. I asked if you’d consider selling Riverfarm more dogs—how are the kennels?”
“Booming. Lots of puppies running about. Why, you want some dogs?”
“Maybe some Otterdogs? We could use some fun creatures about that don’t want you to trim their hooves every two seconds.”
Gralton folded his arms and thought about it.
“No.”
The Unseen Emperor straightened in surprise.
“No? Why not?”
Gralton glanced around Riverfarm and shook his head.
“Not enough wetland. Not enough water. Maybe if you expanded to the marshes to your east…then you can have some.”
“You…don’t want me to pay for your dogs?”
The [Dog Lord] fixed Laken with a look the [Emperor] felt. Like an aura of a beast, pressing on his. He realized Gralton was offended by the offer.
“My dogs are meant to work. They need a purpose. All animals do. I won’t sell them to grow fat and discontented. I’ll give you more terriers and sheepdogs and the Otterdogs if you have someone needing help in the marshes. And only if you get rid of those thieving sheep. I know they eat from the dog bowls and there’ll be hell to pay if I find a dog’s hungry.”
Chastened, Laken slowly nodded. That was why he respected Gralton.
“You’re right. I apologize.”
“Good. Now, if you want a dog that sees in the dark for your Darksky Riders—I’ve got a new breed in…”
The issue of the Sariant Lambs came into relief as Gralton extended his stay. The two Otterdogs did eventually come to live at Riverfarm, because Laken was planning on going into the marshes. So he asked for Waterskip and Droplets to try themselves out with one of the [Marsh Hunters] who’d fled the fires, but wanted to resettle his home. Ryoka had met him on one of her runs.
