Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 14
He carried a halberd, enchanted, made of the famed adamantium metal, the weapon he had carried in life. It hurt the eyes to behold. The undead warriors stood in a vast circle around Fetohep, a thousand of them.
After forty one minutes of standing there, Fetohep removed his helmet. He took each piece of beautiful, enchanted armor off, and then planted his halberd in the ground.
“Foolish.”
That was all he said. He turned and began to walk to his palace again. Then he looked back. The glowing eyes of the skeletal warriors, only bits of emaciated flesh left, stared at him. Fetohep hesitated.
“And yet.”
He reached down and touched his chest, covered by the thin cloth. Bemused, Fetohep lifted his hand, flexed it, then touched his chest again.
“…Why do I think I can feel it beating?”
The ruler looked around. The undead skeletons stirred. Their eyes glowed and their jaws rattled. They rushed forwards in a silent mass, swords slashing, worn shields raised. Spears jabbing—
Two hours later, the servants saw the ruler of Khelt return. He had neither his armor, nor his halberd.
“Clean my armor and weapon and return them to my rooms. The bodies shall return to the ground soon.”
He instructed them. The servants looked out into the courtyard.
The halberd and armor still lay there, untouched. The thousand undead lay in piles. Fetohep had tossed the sword he’d seized down when he left. The King was thus amused and bemused the rest of the day, and spent the rest of it touring the armories of Khelt, recalling old legends or inspecting artifacts.
 
—-
 
The fourth legend of the Emir Yazdil revolved around his bodyguard, who was mentioned before.
He was being entertained with some of the other foremost men and women of Roshal by one of the new Emirs—a Stitchman who had made vast fortunes on a dungeon unearthed far to the east recently. He had paid for adventurers and [Porters] and, when the dungeon was discovered to hold vast treasures, made rich. The lowly [Slaver] and [Merchant] had become an Emir before he was thirty.
And he was arrogant enough to consider the Emir Yazdil a rival. So much so that he displayed his wealth, artifacts, even a captive Djinni before the Emir in a show of glory that impressed even the others.
It was said that the Emir Yazdil ignored all but the Djinni, whom he exchanged some polite conversation with, and had only eyes for the younger Emir’s [Slaves].
“Your personal harem contains beautiful women the world over, Emir Darsul.”
The younger man puffed up at the compliment, but maintained his dislike for the Emir. So his response was both condescending and arrogant for all who heard it.
“Of course, Emir Yazdil. They are [Ladies], adventurers, [Mages], and more, the finest the world has seen. And you have…neither concubines nor servants?”
Only Emir Yazdil’s bodyguard was present, who was notable for having saved the Emir’s life just a few days ago. The Emir did not seem to take offense.
“I have never desired concubines, and Iert is enough to pour drinks and watch over me here.”
His modesty infuriated Emir Darsul, who saw it as a slight that the Emir had not brought a fitting escort. He reportedly snapped back.
“Ah, but if you had a harem, Emir Yazdil, could you surpass mine? We both have gold aplenty, but I have spared no expense in finding the finest [Slaves].”
Indeed, he had even outbid the Emir on several occasions and was known to spend gold like sand. Once again, the Emir did not rise to the insult, but replied steadily.
