Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 2
And the voice had no answer to that. So Luan swam. Ignoring the pain. It was just pain. The voice was begging, pleading, now.
“Join us.”
No. I want to be me.
Rage, then. Suddenly, the thing disconnected from his throat. He caught the last thought as he began to choke again.
“Then die.”
Never.
Alone, the man swam higher. And the light was growing. He had been given a second chance. He felt hands dragging him below. They had followed him.
He swam higher, though his lungs had long emptied of air. Shadows clutched at him. They whispered in his ears, half-remembered words. Broken pleas.
“I was your g…”
“…ship me…”
“…remember…please…”
They would rather he drown than go without him. And they had a pull. Luan fought, but he could not swim and resist them at the same time.
He was beginning to despair when one of the half-remembered things whispered in his ears.
“…regret…my blessing…”
Luan did not know what it said. But suddenly the grip of the shadows abated. And he left them behind, kicking, rising. Then at last, finally—
His head broke the surface of the dark waters. Luan vomited water, he coughed, drew breath. He breathed.
He lived.
The man treaded water for minutes, just breathing. Just…he looked around as the crash of waves drew his attention. One nearly engulfed his head. And he realized—
He was at sea. And his scull was nowhere to be seen. The damned [Bounty Hunters] who’d accidentally hit him with the [Fireball] spell? Nowhere to be seen.
And neither was the coast. Luan slowly turned in the waters. And he realized he didn’t see…Baleros.
His skin chilled. The [Expert Rower] looked around. Compared to the meeting during the Summer Solstice…the dark promises below, this was still better.
But only just.
How far at sea was he? Luan gasped for air, panicking. But then he had an idea. Now that he was able to do more than struggle for the surface, he kicked while his hands searched downwards.
Clothing—no oar, none of the items in the scull—but—
“Yes.”
He gasped with relief as his hands found the bag of holding. The most precious item in this moment to him. He reached into it, holding it above the surface. The waves were large, but they didn’t have the crest of deadly force of a storm.
Small blessings. And another was…he fished out the glowing compass, holding it so tight that the edges cut into his fingers.
A nautical compass. The friend of any [Captain] or person who ever risked the sea. He had never had to use one before. But he was no fool. Luan opened the compass and saw the needle swing.
There were no directions. No ‘North’, ‘South’, or any other superfluous icons. This was a compass enchanted to one purpose.
Land. It was meant to take someone only to the nearest body of land. In case he was ever blown out to sea or had to evade pursuers…Luan had never used it. He held his breath.
The needle swung as the magic activated. Searching…it pointed to the side. Held steady. Luan’s head turned hopefully.
There wasn’t anything on the horizon. Not even a shadow.
Despair engulfed him for a second. Still, he had escaped death. He had refused the gifts of the Drowned. He had refused the offer made on the Summer Solstice.
Oceans be damned if he would give up now.
Luan began to swim, following the compass.
 
—-
 
The first hour was easy. Luan Khumalo was a rower. He had trained for it and while swimming was not rowing, you tended to need one with the other. He could swim for as long as need be.
Or so he’d thought. Luan had never dreamed he’d be this far out to sea. He knew what other people had done, clung to rubbish or even buoys to survive.
