Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 36
“I’m just depressed. I know I can’t even afford a statue—Lyonette says ‘we can’t use all our money on a statue right now, Erin’. And even a small one would be super expensive.”
“We already have statues in the garden, Erin!”
“Yeah, but I can’t take them—you see?”
Erin gestured as Lyonette called out of the kitchen. Krshia pulled up a chair, produced a comb, and began running it through Mrsha’s hair as the Gnoll leapt into her lap. Orreh sat, trying not to stare at anyone too long.
“I am well aware, Erin. But I thought to offer you a [Shopkeeper]’s answer, yes? If the size is the issue—Orreh is a [Silversmith]. He does figurines. He could at the very least do a small version, hand-sized, and you could have that to show, yes? And if you make a larger statue, these could be the basis for those.”
Erin’s eyes lit up.
“Figurines? Like chess pieces?”
“Or tabletop games.”
Someone muttered from the side. It was, in fact, Troy, putting in a rare appearance from Pallass, his new home. Mostly because a certain Chaldion had wanted to see if he could enter the garden and report back.
Joseph punched his shoulder.
“Nerd.”
Troy punched back, and the squabble passed completely over Orreh’s head. He had a sample for Erin to see, and she gasped as he showed her a beautiful little Shockwoolie sheep. It was done in such wonderful detail you could see minute curves on the wool.
“I do the fine work with an actual needle. And an enchanted glass to see better. They are made of silver-alloy, but they are quite affordable compared to even a small statue. Architect Hexel has my time, but for a friend of Honored Krshia, I can do a few statues.”
“Would you? I—I’d want a few. Gresaria Wellfar, Maviola, even Khelta and…”
Everyone was listening in, and Erin clamped her mouth shut, but Orreh shifted uncomfortably.
“I, er—could do my best, Miss Solstice. But I am no [Artist]. If you give me a picture, I will try, but I often work based on my mind as well as what I see. It is hard to take a single picture and create a person.”
Especially because a picture had few references of how large their head was and so on, and the artists took their own liberties. However, Krshia’s eyes danced as she turned to Erin.
“I don’t think that’s a problem, yes? Erin can give you a wonderful reference, Honored Orreh.”
Erin’s eyes lit up with delight. She laughed, clapped her hands, and took Orreh’s paw.
“That’s right! Come with me!”
 
——
 
Orreh stared at a life-sized statue of Gresaria Wellfar. From every angle. He touched the stone and pulled his paw away—it felt irreverent. You needed reverence here. This—this wasn’t a statue. This felt like a person encased in stone.
A memory.
“Can you use that?”
“Hm?”
He looked up and remembered to breathe.
“I—yes. I could copy this. This is far, far easier than any picture. I could copy this far more easily than coming up with—it is just copying, yes? What—what is this place? Why do you need a figurine if you have…?”
He gestured around the garden, which was a far more fitting tribute than he could even dream of. Krshia answered softly as she looked around. There was no Cetrule. There was no…
“Because even Skills fade. And she cannot show this to everyone.”
Erin nodded solemnly. She walked over and showed Orreh another famous Drake, and his knees went weak.
“I’d like a lot of them. Sserys, Gresaria…even Kishkeria.”
Krshia and Orreh’s heads snapped around so fast Krshia clapped a paw to her tendons and howled in pain. But she was howling louder at Erin.
