Interlude – Embria
Page 8
“Whatever she has to, probably. Gotta make it work, Vell. Gotta make it work. Pass the butter?”
 
—-
 
Breakfast came and went in Liscor’s barracks. The 4th Company was having an easy time of it. At least compared to the quick meals that came and went during their time on campaign. They would be the first to describe their more relaxed schedules, frequent days off, and easy duties as luxurious. And that was because life was subjective affair. If the 4th Company’s breakfast was luxurious, what could you call breakfast at The Wandering Inn?
Sinful? Decadent? Hedonistic? The Wandering Inn was gaining a reputation as having some solid cooking. But that wasn’t what propelled the Drake [Guardsman] up the hill. He hadn’t even bothered to wait for the teleportation door to activate. Relc Grasstongue rubbed his claws as he pushed open the door.
“Oh boy. Oh boy. Ohboyohboyohboy—”
Relc’s partner, Klbkch, walked in through the magical door from Liscor a minute after Relc had arrived. The Antinium glanced around; Relc was already sitting at a table.
“Klb, get over here!”
Relc waved a claw excitedly. He was sitting at a table near the front of the inn. The Players of Celum were warming up on the stage, and some of the [Actors] and the regular guests were having their breakfast. Klbkch walked over to Relc and saw someone bustling out of the kitchen. Erin Solstice herself set down a big plate of pancakes on the table and a cup full of blue fruit juice in front of Relc.
“Here you go! Blue fruit juice, fresh! Hi, Klb! It’s great to see you! It’s been ages! Come in! What do you want to eat?”
“It is good to see you as well, Erin. I would like to inquire—are there any acid flies on your menu yet?”
Klb glanced at the cup Relc was lovingly caressing. Erin shook her head.
“Not yet. But we’ve laid traps and I’ll let you know at once when we have enough.”
“Ah. In that case, perhaps a fish-based dish? I had a quite enjoyable fillet last time.”
“You know what? I think I have that exact fillet still in a cupboard. Drassi! Get that fillet and some condiments for Klbkch! Blue fruit juice, Klbkch?”
“Thank you. And perhaps a pitcher?”
Klbkch indicated Relc. Erin turned to look and saw Relc tilting his cup up. The Drake licked his lips.
“Blue fruit juice! I’ve missed this so much!”
He was nearly crying as he gulped down the sweet cup of juice. Erin nodded and waved an arm at Drassi. She turned to Relc, smiling.
“As good as you remember?”
“Better. Better. This is amazing. I can’t believe I went a winter without it. Hey, can I buy a flask of it or something for work? I’ll have a pitcher. How much is—aw. You upped the prices? Fine.”
Relc spotted the sign above Erin’s bar. She made a face.
“Sorry. Lyonette controls the prices. I can definitely get you a flask, though.”
“You’re the best. And these pancakes are great! You’ve got to try one, Klb!”
Relc stuffed half a pancake onto one fork and swallowed all of it in one bite. Erin watched with fascination; Klbkch deliberately averted his gaze.
“I am allergic to wheat-based products, as you may not recall, Relc. Although…my Queen did mention she removed my gluten intolerance after my last body was developed. Or didn’t she? I would have to ask her.”
The Antinium paused to think. Relc eyed him.
“You don’t remember what your current body does? That’s weird.”
“I did not qualify that as important information. Eating pancakes is not high on my list of priorities.”
“Because you’ve never had these pancakes.”
“Hm. Would they then shift my entire perspective? Very well. I will try one.”
“Hey! These are mine! Get your own.”
