Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 15
“To bed! I will be generous. A [Slave] may sleep with another [Slave], but only if their master lets them! Sometimes for children—but who do you want?”
“No one.”
The [Necromancer] replied instantly. His skin crawled. Igheriz waved a finger.
“Ah, ah! You are going to offend me, Pisces. And I told you, I do not like offense. We won’t watch, will we, Hrome?”
The other [Slave Trader] looked half insensible himself, but he had called for his own personal [Slaves]. Pisces bit his lip.
“Cawe, then.”
He had no ill intentions, but better to escape and have a chance to talk with her than anything. Igheriz beamed.
“Excellent! Fetch Cawe—no, make her presentable first. They will have one tent—and I? There you are, Eloque. Pisces, come meet my personal…masterpiece. Do you see? Do you understand my genius?”
Pisces’ head turned. He saw the least talked-of [Slave] in Igheriz’s caravan. For a second he didn’t understand. Then he dropped his cup and saw.
Eloque was a Lizardfolk woman. Astotha had told Pisces that she had been beautiful, acquired by Igheriz in some port, and the [Slave Master] had been instantly besotted. However. She was still Lizardfolk and Igheriz was a Stitch-man.
So. Igheriz had done something to her to make her more ‘presentable’.
“There is nothing more beautiful than cloth, Pisces. If I marry, it will be one of my people. Silk, if they will have me. But a man’s tastes go to the exotic, so Eloque I will keep. And she looks far better to me, already. I have had Humans, other people adorned just so, but had to sell them. Is she not beautiful? Do you see?”
Pisces looked at Eloque and saw…thread. Thread, amidst scales. She looked at him, and he saw how she looked as patchwork as Stitchfolk. Igheriz had changed her by sewing string into her body, mimicking the seams of Stitchfolk around her joints.
“Eloque. Come here.”
Igheriz beckoned with his oddly wet hand. He saw Pisces looking at him, and mistook the wide eyes for curiosity.
“You see my cloth here? It is Watercloth, a simple name for such a rich thing. You see? Always it produces water. It is strong too, but it has many uses! Especially when travelling or in the bedroom. Hah!”
He made a gesture, and then looked at Pisces.
“I felt a connection with your captain, Ceria Springwalker. The one with the bone hand? I am like her, you see? Well, I admire your friend, Yvlon Byres greatly. Both speak to my people.”
Pisces’ ears rang. He saw Eloque walking slowly over to Igheriz. He saw her look at him and one look—Pisces’ lips moved before he could stop himself.
“You think you are like Ceria, Igheriz? Ceria? Hold your tongue. You don’t deserve to compare yourself to her boots.”
Hrome stopped pawing at his [Slaves]. Igheriz, the [Guards] joining him for libations, and Eloque all looked up.
The [Slave Master] was still smiling, but suddenly all noise had stopped. He turned his bright eyes onto Pisces, and replied slowly.
“That sounds like an insult, Pisces. Of course, I heard you wrong. So I give you a chance to clarify your words.”
The [Necromancer] hesitated. He heard every instinct in his sensible mind tell him to apologize, not to say what was boiling within him. He was not Yvlon! He was not Ceria! He was…
He looked at Eloque and the words tumbled out.
“You heard me, Igheriz. You monster.”
The Stitch-man looked around. He laughed, and some of the others picked it up, but suddenly the air was changed. Igheriz rose.
“This astounds me. A [Necromancer] disdains me. Me? You make puppets out of the dead, Pisces, and I did not say as much, but you call me a monster?”
