Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 0

Paradise on earth. Utopia. Few existed on earth. Fewer still in the air or under sea.
Also, paradise for whom was the question. If you meant ‘some people’, you could call some nations ‘paradises’ for the elite. For all was harder. And even then, the word generally only meant a place where people were free from disease, monster attacks, war, or banditry.
That was already beyond the Walled Cities, the ken of the Great Companies of Baleros, and the Kingdoms of Terandria by and large. They had 90% success rates, 99% success stories—but they always had loosely-held borders, slums, places where neglect led to suffering.
True utopias where such things were truly once-in-a-year occurrences or only occurred during total catastrophe? So few. And they tended to become targets because of how nice such places were. And if such nations guarded their borders, they tended to become military aggressors and so…
For a hundred points, add the following qualities: a stable utopia of at least four decades, where plague, monster attacks, and war did not trouble its civilians. For two hundred points: no starvation, free education and/or employment, access to medicine, and housing. Options also included higher-grade magical luxuries, an abundance of artistic or creative outlets, and reclining sofas.
That was a hard standard to meet. And a few utopias did qualify. There was Khelt, the undead kingdom of Chandrar, the Kingdom of Keys in Terandria, the Archmage’s Isle of Heiste…
But that was a list. To really break down what made each nation special, one had to know what each utopia had to offer. And what each lacked.
“It is, of course, impossible to compare the Archmage’s Isle of Heiste to Khelt. It is Izril’s only settlement qualifying of the title of ‘utopia’. Truly, it may be called such because it was built—a sensible decision by one of the Archmages of Wistram. She had the foresight to sequester and then construct her private paradise, which, upon her death, became the Archmage’s Isle. An abundance of plant life, carefully selected to provide fruits and nourishment from around the world as well as floral blooms of surpassing beauty. The isle itself has sumptuous housing, magical enchantments that protect and provide; indeed, magical familiars, Golems, and other servants. A utopia, I shall admit. But one with a flaw.”
The voice was precise, although it had a faint echo. Well-spoken, commanding, and slightly sneering. It waited for a response. After a second, someone replied.
“…What’s the flaw?”
“The Archmage’s Isle can barely provide for two thousand residents. And they would consider that crowded. There is no way to expand said isle either, since the [Archmage] who created it lies dead. Thus, the isle is fragile against overpopulation, such that they must routinely cull their numbers. Well, that is a necessity, but it is also highly endangered by invasive creatures who would consume the entire isle. Let alone Crelers; tunneling beetles nearly laid the utopia low.”
“Mhm. Beetles. Sounds nice to live in, though.”
“One may assume so. However, society within utopias matters. Consider the House of Minos. Another utopia, insofar that its citizens are without the most common of troubles. Even so—their society prides itself on the ephemeral qualities of honor and a warrior’s tradition. It must rely on volunteers to staff its navy and army to keep itself safe, and whilst I would laud the King of Minotaurs her nation more than Heiste—it too suffers the flaw of society.”
“The King of Minotaurs is female?”
A sigh. Or a sound like a sigh.
