Interlude – Two Rats
Page 29
“No. No. You didn’t know. But remember it, child. I do. And perhaps other Gnolls should too.”
He looked up sternly and Erin nodded. Raekea and some of the Gnolls from Liscor glared back. One threw up his paws.
“They’re rats, Elirr. Dead gods! Rats! All of you are making a big fuss over rats when it was the Minotaur who—”
He paused. Elirr looked up slowly and his eyes glinted.
“Yes. Tell me all about what the Minotaur did. I haven’t heard that one. And surely, I do not know good from evil, yes? Tell me, Kelc. Tell me all about the Minotaur.”
The Gnoll fell silent. Elirr straightened, rubbing his back. One of his huge war dogs trotted over and dropped a rat at his feet. The Gnoll blinked down at it and bent to rub the dog’s ears. In her paws, Mrsha saw the rats wriggling in agitation, squeaking, no, screaming in their language.
And Mrsha, the [Druid], wondered what it was like for them. To see their entire family, their tribe, slaughtered in front of them. If they were Gnolls…
The world swam. The little Gnoll looked at the rats as they shrieked. If they were Gnolls—the white one was biting at her. And she looked down and saw a little Gnoll biting at a Runner. On a field of falling snow.
Mrsha dropped the rats. Elirr looked down and snatched the dog’s collar before it could grab them. Numbtongue bent and snatched the rats up casually before they could escape.
“Mrsha!”
Erin was scolding. But she stopped when she saw Mrsha’s face. The little Gnoll put her hands on her stomach and threw up. Then she began crying again.
 
—-
 
That night, the Minotaur looked up. He saw the [Guards]. And more than just them. Gnolls and Drakes. More Gnolls than Drakes, but both of either.
They did not hold the blunt end of spears this time. This time, they carried pokers. The kind you’d use to tend to a fireplace. Long blades. And coals. The Minotaur looked up.
“Are you afraid, monster?”
The Gnoll with the pale stripe across his face held up a glowing poker. One of the Drakes was a [Mage]. Calruz looked at it. Then he closed his eyes. When he opened them. He addressed the crowd.
“Remember your honor. Do what you will with me. But remember your honor.”
They hissed and growled at that. They would have roared, but they were not supposed to be here. So instead their hatred made them quiet. And when the first burning poker came through the cell’s walls, Calruz stared at it. He did not move.
And he tried. He tried, with a [Warrior]’s discipline, with all his strength, to make no sound. His flesh burnt. But when it began to turn black he groaned. And that only encouraged them. They crowded around his cell, faces twisted, egging each other on. Shouting. Forgetting to be quiet.
And the Minotaur held still. Until he couldn’t help himself and retreated. But they hounded him, attaching the pokers to long poles, hurling spells.
He began to bellow in agony. Then scream. And the little Gnoll covered her ears as she listened outside the dungeon. She looked up at Tkrn, and the Gnoll’s face was pale. She waited for him to call it ‘justice’. But he couldn’t.
And so Mrsha fled, for there was no justice there. Only bad deeds and hate.
 
—-
 
Mrsha did not sleep that night. Even after she snuck back into Lyonette’s room where the exhausted [Princess] was passed out. She could not shake the memory of the Minotaur’s screams out of her head. And when she looked at the little cage and the two rats she began shaking.
