Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 2
“That’s true, Erin. But if we show everyone a look—just a quick look at the new [Garden of Sanctuary], they’ll be satisfied. It’s mostly buried, anyways. Just give us…forty-five minutes? It won’t even be full coverage. You can let a few Drakes in with shovels or Jewel or someone else. They’ll probably waste time.”
Erin hesitated, and there it was. The [Honest Reporter] watched her expression carefully.
Drassi. Not an idiot. Unlike Noass, she knew how to talk to people. And she had realized something after listening to the inn’s family. Even if Mrsha couldn’t speak, she had a big, big mouth. Drassi wondered how many other people had noticed—
There was more than one [Garden]. Drassi was a resident of Liscor. Unlike Chaldion or Altestiel, she knew what kind of flowering trees surrounded Liscor or were in the garden—and none of them had pink petals.
However, Drassi didn’t need to report on this. She was an [Honest Reporter], and that cut two ways, she was realizing. Erin’s gaze flickered as she thought of the same thing Drassi did.
“The new garden? The other one?”
“Just one look, Erin. It’s not even the biggest piece. You’re famous because of the <Quests>. [Innkeeper] has two gardens in a famous Skill. The Dullahans will have commentary—it’s a one-day piece.”
“I guess. Because yeah, it’s my new garden—and the one I want to explore first. But a quick peek, this once—I guess I can let you in. Forty-five minutes?”
It was actually amazing. When Erin lied, it was usually obvious. Unless she was lying. And she was concealing the other gardens quite well.
Drassi was curious, but she instantly agreed, and she held out a clawed hand. Erin shook on it and, sighing, went over to the doorway.
“Alright, Noass. You win. Come on in.”
The beaming Drake strode towards the door and face-planted into the wall as Drassi watched. Erin cackled as the [Reporter] snorted. The [Innkeeper] pointed to Drassi as the Drake grabbed the magical microphone.
“Drassi Tewing, taking over for an exclusive look into a famous Skill. I believe we have commentary from the Iron Vanguard and Archmage Blackwood waiting. I’ll leave that to you, Sir Relz. Now—let’s just wait for Erin to open her garden and we’ll see what’s happening. Erin, by the way, actually employed me as a [Bartender]. I’m—disclosing that? And she helped me get this very job, so let me just say, I’m very biased in her favor. And a friend. And we’ll be respectfully entering the garden—”
 
——
 
Some days, it really did seem like it was all about Erin Solstice. But then, if you watched the news or just listened to the town crier, you got a very small snapshot of the world.
To listen to the streets of Liscor, the war with Hectval had been the only thing happening in the world for a long time. The north was still buzzing with the fallout from the Circle of Thorns being unveiled, although they’d moved onto the war with Ailendamus and Magnolia’s scandalous proposal.
Narrow views—slices, really—of reality were how you learned about the rest of the world. The trick was…knowing it was a snapshot, a single point on a grid.
And when it was done right, that moment was indeed magical. The reason Erin had a presence on the news was because she could provide that.
That was why every eye was on Drassi. In the scrying orb, the hilarity of Noass’ antics faded away. The [Honest Reporter] checked herself. She accepted a heating spell since it would be cold and she was wearing a dress, but the audience got to see the camera-crew for once.
