Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 16
He later remarked to his friends in the hearing of all those on the street on the way back from the party on the event as follows:
“I believe that was one of the most painful experiences I have had to witness in my life. Certainly to you, Iert.”
“It was nothing, Emir Yazdil. I merely wished to prove to the Emir Darsul that your methods had no flaw.”
Such loyalty inspired the other Emirs to be impressed even more with Emir Yazdil’s methods, and it was certainly true that no one had ever heard of Yazdil’s slaves running away, which was quite common to Roshal. Thereafter, rumors began circulating that Yazdil and Darsul were mortal enemies, the truth of which became evident soon thereafter.
 
—-
 
On the fifth day, Fetohep of Khelt found himself pacing.
Pacing around. Which was such a strange action for him to be doing that he stopped at once and called for a drink.
The only thing undead could really imbibe were types of mana. Maybe crushed bone, which they could use to fortify their skeletons.
Fetohep employed [Chefs] who could make such dishes, and the rare treat was death magic-infused liquor. It didn’t really taste since his taste buds were long gone, but he savored its effect upon his being, like a shot of flavored energy for the soul.
What was wrong with him? Even his servants could tell that something was off. The King of Khelt sat there, pondering his strange actions of late. He’d called Kevin in the morning and made the young man list off all the new bike projects he was working on this morning.
What was it? The ruler recalled the last time he had sat here, in the dining room. There had been a young woman. And before that?
The young man with the iPhone. Who had shown Fetohep his world’s wonders. Who had listened and…
“So that was it.”
Fetohep murmured. The servants stirred, as he put the cup down, ready to serve it again. Fetohep sat back and announced.
“I have been poisoned.”
The servants dropped their possessions. One ran for the doors; another called for Khelt’s immortal warriors to—Fetohep lifted a hand.
“Stop.”
He’d definitely misphrased that. He calmed the panicking servants and sent someone to retrieve the [Chef], who’d gone running for his life at Fetohep’s words.
…The Ruler of Khelt decided to take his thoughts to his throne room, without an audience. He sat there.
He had meant it, even if he hadn’t meant it the way his servants had taken it.
“Poison.”
It was a terrible thing. He felt as though he could remember his heart beating. He was restless, antsy. He desired things to occupy his time. And he looked upon his people and saw them as…mundane. He wished they would make more of themselves, even as part of him knew they were content and would not level because of it.
All because one young man had made him remember what it was to be mortal. All because he missed Trey Atwood, and having someone to talk to.
“What a terrible thing it is. Flos Reimarch. That boy is either a lucky fool, or an intelligent fool. But then, his great strength was always the bonds he forged with people.”
Fetohep quite felt like he’d fallen into a trap. But if it was…he tapped his fingers on the armrest of his throne.
“Wistram News.”
The scrying mirror flickered to life. But it did not show…Wistram. Fetohep wished he could visit. And why not? He was Fetohep of Khelt!
…But dangers lurked beyond Khelt’s borders and he had to be here to protect it. He was a king.
Chained to a throne. The ruler of Khelt’s eyes burned in the darkness of the room.
No.
And yes.
He missed Trey. For the first time in centuries, Fetohep felt…lonely.
 
—-
 
