Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 5
But today they were unusually eager to finish breakfast. Itorin II, somewhat content to let silence reign given all the people who’d speak to him shortly, kept glancing out the window. It was, naturally, spelled, but he couldn’t miss the leaves and even branches and dust positively whirling about the castle.
“My. What a windy day. Did a [Weather Mage] perhaps commit an error?”
That idle question garnered such looks of patented surprise and even scorn from his son and daughter that Itorin Zessoprical II was quite taken aback. His daughter, the youngest, but still already nine—nine, how time flew—Oesca, informed her father patiently.
“It’s the Wind Runner, Father. May we be excused? We want to fly.”
The King of Ailendamus, great superpower in the world, rising star to the faded kingdom of old, King Itorin II, Heir to the Lance-Arrows of Ailendamus, Keeper of…etcetera etcetera, gave his daughter a blank look.
“Do what now?”
They had to explain, and assure him that no, no one had been taking artifacts out of the vaults. Especially given what their Uncle would think of that. The name also made Itorin recall something.
Wasn’t that…the prisoner? The one who’d resulted in the costly death of one of the Great Knights, and that operation in Izril that might lead to one of the Five Families’ wrath? The one that had obsessed Rhisveri so?
When Itorin finally came to the window, he saw her. Just like yesterday, when Rhisveri had thrown a huge tantrum for reasons beyond him. He locked eyes with the Wind Runner of Reizmelt, the Courier from the scrying orb.
Ryoka Griffin.
She was outside the castle, summoning the wind to blow mightily. Whirling around this part of Ailendamus in such ferocity…
No, wild grace. Mighty gusts of wind, yes, but only terrifying in a way that exhilarated, as you felt when you beheld a mighty storm without rain, whipping trees and grass around. When you realized how mighty nature was.
The air whipped at her dark hair. Her silk guest clothing was light purple running to green jade, and it blew in a way about her naturally as the wind snatched at it that some movie directors paid lots of money to emulate.
Her eyes were open wide, and she had a strange smile on her lips. Patently mysterious. As if this wasn’t just weather magic, but something else. Oh yes, and one more thing.
Itorin II could see her quite well because she stood, arms outstretched, facing towards him. All fine, all understandable, but he was in Ailendamus’ palace. It didn’t exactly have a 360-degree view all around. In fact, the royal chambers were quite high up.
Thusly, the Wind Runner was standing on top of a tower. Right on the edge, in fact, as the wind blew around her. Facing the royal chambers.
Oesca and Ivenius pointed at Ryoka, the older [Prince] bouncing on his feet like he was as young as his sister was and not a [Squire] in training.
Itorin vaguely wondered if he should call the guard. What was she doing up there? How did she know where the royal chambers were?
“Is that Duke Rhisveri’s…guest?”
Oiena sounded horrified, as a former [Princess] of Taimaguros might. Itorin II didn’t immediately respond. Ryoka Griffin smiled at him, with that same enigmatic look. Then she bowed.
Only then did Itorin realize that a pair of armored figures wearing the colors of the Order of the Thirsting Veil were doggedly trying to climb up the tall tower towards her. More were gathered below, but the Wind Runner didn’t appear concerned as one finally reached the lip of the tower and hauled herself up. She just smiled, lifted something up, and jumped.
