Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 17
The fun part was getting the water, because Luan had been apprehensive about crocodiles or predators in Baleros’ jungles himself. Even if he was bigger, he remembered the angry cat, not to mention the serpents Daly had fought and the thousands of other predators.
“We’ve got that covered, Human. Just don’t trip or sneeze or jump, got it?”
Twelve Tallguard rode shotgun on Luan’s shoulders, head, or attached themselves to his clothing. Each one carried a crossbow and ‘trigger-happy’ didn’t even begin to describe it. On his first trip, Luan saw Ekrn blow apart a woodpecker, which he was asked to pick up for food, Noa nailed a crocodile eying him from afar with a miniature bolt that exploded like lightning, and at least fifty one mosquitos died.
The Tallguard regarded them as mortal enemies who’d suck you dry in an instant, and Luan saw more than once a Tallguard race across his arm to behead a mosquito trying to suck his blood.
In short…it was awesome. Yes, Luan wanted to go home, yes, he was worried about the United Nations company and his friends, but this was a story. Not least because he got to learn the last great secret of Paeth from Ekrn himself; how all this was possible when so much had been lost. Why the Architects were called the Architects. In a trade where Ekrn learned about Earth.
 
—-
 
After a week in his stay at Paeth’s Tree by the Coast, Luan Khumalo finally felt healed from his trials.
He hadn’t known it, but the toll had yet to recover, even after he’d been healed. The first signs were him being antsy, rather than content to sit about and talk to Noa or the other Fraerlings, or visit via eye-spell.
They’d created a shelter for him with that same Fraerling construction style which had so fascinated him before. Without bags of holding, he imagined it would take far longer, as they ferried up pieces of timber and so on. With it?
Well, it was amazing. Luan knew regular construction; he’d been around the world and seen everything from huge machines to bamboo lattices that workers used to create buildings; some places were less careful than others and gave their workers no safety harnesses, but most places with decent codes demanded some degree of care.
Fraerlings? They would give a safety inspector nightmares. They swarmed up a tree, anchored themselves in with grappling hooks or boots that clung to the tree like Noa’s, hammered in fixtures and created a mini-house so Luan could sleep without being eaten by bugs. If anything, their issue had been the amount of lumber and steel needed, not the creation.
They fell. Luan saw a Fraerling fall almost on her head and tried to catch her, but missed. She landed, swore, and got back up as the others laughed at her.
They didn’t fear falling! And what they made was very high-quality. That was something else Luan appreciated; they may have had tiny, tiny screws and nails, but that just meant what they produced was like finely-stitched fabric, as opposed to huge, loose stitching in cloth. He tried to push at the roof and found all the little nails and even basic enchantment made it hard as stone!
Well, Luan was as delighted as he could be to find himself among the Fraerlings. Especially because they were as fascinated by him. A lot of Tallguard weren’t as hostile as Ekrn and came up to Luan to talk after the first two days. Even some Inners wanted to speak to him, although he had to go to them. It was everything from questions about where he’d been, to what it was like…being big.
“You actually have cats as pets?”
