Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 16
He looked down at Pisces, eyes far, far too bright. Had Pisces seen him sniffing at something while drinking? It wouldn’t surprise him.
Pisces rose as well. The [Necromancer] was shaking.
“I am a [Necromancer]. I use dead bodies. The dead. Not the living. It is true, I have done terrible things. In my greed and arrogance, I have unleashed horrors. Because I was too incautious, I have seen those I loved die. I have even…created a monster.”
He thought of Toren and shook his head. Pisces looked around the tent, at the [Slavers].
“I was at the Village of the Dead. I saw the thing that lay in the center, the Putrid One’s last servant. I felt it touch me and rot my flesh like carrion and pestilence. It seems…so pleasant compared to here.”
He fixed Igheriz with a look. The Stitch-man had begun to laugh, a dangerous laugh. Hrome looked at Pisces, shocked, even daring to be disappointed. The [Necromancer] spat.
“You all disgust me. I will never be like you. I see beauty in death and life. You? All you can do is ruin what you touch and find more innocents to torture. I have seen Crelers, and even they look less horrific by comparison to—”
He got no further because Igheriz struck him. The Stitch-man leapt across the tent and backhanded Pisces so fast the young man couldn’t dodge. Something—rage or the drug had given Igheriz speed.
And strength. Pisces felt his cheek cut against his teeth and went stumbling down.
“So. I offer you everything, I give you my friendship and you insult me.”
Igheriz bellowed. He kicked at Pisces; the young man rolled. Pisces reached for something—the fork he’d been eating with! He rose, eyes blazing, fork raised in his manacled hands to stab—
He couldn’t move his arms. He couldn’t even lift them higher than his chest. Pisces stared at his trembling limbs.
The [Slave Master] laughed. He struck Pisces again, a blow that took Pisces stumbling backwards.
“A [Slave] wearing a collar cannot raise their hands! Say it again, Pisces! Say it again, how I disgust you!”
He kicked at Pisces. The [Necromancer] tried to roll, but ran into the tent flap. Then Igheriz was on him, and the [Guards]. They didn’t stop him. They joined in.
“You offend me, Pisces.”
Blows rained down from the Stitch-man onto Pisces. It was not the first time he’d been beaten like this; Pisces curled up, protecting his face, exposed parts. The beating lasted minutes, but Igheriz was panting quick, running out of stamina.
Pisces stared up with cold hatred at the [Slave Master], seeing Eloque cowering, Hrome calling for Igheriz to stop before he damaged Pisces. The [Slave Master]’s mouth was flecked with spittle and his eyes were rolling. He looked at Pisces.
“You have offended me once. Do you think I cannot discipline you before you go to Roshal?”
“I know you can’t kill me.”
The [Necromancer] spat blood. He stared up at Igheriz. He saw the man’s face twist and realized, too late, he had gone too far.
“Can’t? I can’t do anything? Do you think you are special because the Naga wants you? That I am not sole master? Dagger! Bring him outside!”
The [Guards] hesitated. Igheriz spun.
“Azam! Dagger!”
They dragged Pisces out. Azam, the Djinni appeared, and Hrome fell back from grabbing Igheriz. Pisces found himself pinned by one huge hand.
“What do you will, Master?”
Azam had Pisces’ legs; two [Guards] each arm, which they sat on. Igheriz strode forwards.
He had a dagger. Just a steel dagger. Pisces stared up at him. The [Slave Master] was still foaming with rage. Yet he had calmed into something far more terrifying than before.
