Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 44
Pawn saw a glowing Worker emerge from the air. Then another. They leapt forwards, grappling, trying to slow that Gnoll. He slew them so fast Pawn barely blinked.
He was not meant for this battlefield. He knew that. His faith fell before steel, and it was a bitter realization. But he had not come here to win this battle alone.
The [Priest of Wrath and Sky] tightened his grip on his censer. Two hands were clasped together in prayer, and Yellow Splatters was watching Lulv.
Olesm had command of them. He had only asked for Pawn to come for one reason. There was something Olesm couldn’t defeat. So Pawn bowed his head in prayer as comets and fire rained down. He lifted his arms and looked up.
“…[I Walked Under Heaven’s Sky]. You cannot break us that easily.”
To combat Manus’ flying [Mages], Olesm had requested Xrn take the field.
He had gotten Pawn. For all her magic, there were things he could do that the [Thaumaturge] had never dreamed of. The [Priest] looked up and smiled.
The night changed to day.
Pawn thought he heard someone singing to him.
 
——
 
Across the battlefield, Antinium slowed in their fighting and gazed upwards in awe. Lulv threw up his paws as the sky turned blue. Daylight filtered down for one moment—then it hung in the air like the lights of the sky.
Sky-blue radiance mixed with the night. It threw the struggling armies into darkness.
“What is that? What is…? Where are my spells?”
They were gone. Confused [Mages] threw more spells, and they vanished into the glorious vision of the sky.
“What level of Skill is that?”
It made no sense! No ordinary spell could do that! Lulv snarled. He stabbed, his spear flurrying through bodies. He’d do it himself. That Skill didn’t stop his spear.
Pawn knew it too. He was retreating, his job done. Lulv felt it instinctively.
If he beat magic…Lulv could still kill him. Yet the Worker had one more trick. The Worker pointed, and Lulv twisted, but though he ducked the pointing finger—the Skill still hit him.
“[Bane of Luck].”
What? A luck-based—
Lulv struck the ground, and his feet slipped on a patch of mud. His boots were enchanted to stick—it must have just been the perfect angle for him to slip. He caught himself—and a Soldier charged into him. Two hands caught his spear, the other two began to punch at him.
“Die.”
Lulv headbutted Yellow Splatters, trying to wrestle his spear away. They slammed backwards—the [Spearmaster] was higher-level and far quicker. He reached for his dagger to stab the Soldier and felt the kiss of pain on his back.
“Spearmaster! I’m so—”
One of his [Soldiers] had run him through from behind when Lulv and the Antinium went crashing backwards! The Gnoll howled in fury.
“Advance and kill those Workers! Now!”
He looked left and right, but the charge had stalled out. Manus had slowed down? Then he heard desperate shouts from the officers filling Sokkel’s spot.
“Liscor’s 6th on the left! Intercepting! 11th is hitting us—kill that Worker!”
“4th Company, approaching! [Spearmaster]! Watch out! Something’s wrong!”
Lulv looked up—and the bright light of blue skies and dream of heaven over the battlefield grew brighter still.
 
——
 
Embria looked down as Ishkr’s gift flared to life. Artur lifted his banner higher, and the squads of Antinium around him turned.
“We will charge into the enemy. Have no fear. Look.”
The Worker pointed at something one of the [Crusaders] held. It was…something from The Wandering Inn. Embria recognized it.
