Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 30
A blur came at them, ran through two of them, and sent all four crashing down the stairs. The other two tried to slash, but then a sharp spear went through one’s neck and chest; and the other’s gut.
[Triple Thrust]. Relc kicked the last one off his spear, and finished it off as it writhed, screaming.
He’d fought Cericel before. Classic tactics worked; the Gecko of Liscor just smashed into them, using basic Skills. No [Spear Art] or [Spear Dance] in close-quarters. He checked his back and ran towards the Cericel, expecting to flank with their buddies.
Relc’s adrenaline was up, but he wasn’t worried for himself. He got over ten Cericel before the Watch and two adventurers helped corner the rest; they were all on the run from the Senior Guardsman.
Monsters could gut regular [Guards] and even lower-level adventurers. Versus one [Spearmaster] with an enchanted spear? Relc leaned on his spear, panting, covered in their stinking blood.
“I hate monster attacks.”
The Watch stared at him, wide-eyed. So did some of the Silver-ranks. Relc just sighed. It was the same job as Liscor; Klbkch and Relc had fought off monsters attacking some of the farmsteads from time to time.
The entire attack would have been bloody but for Relc, and the terrified apartment-dwellers were lucky he was here. To be fair—Pisces, Ceria, or any Gold-rank could have done as well.
Relc spent the rest of the night reassuring people, accepting accolades, and helping chase down the rest of the monsters in the city. When he discovered Sellme, the real event of the night, it was by accident.
The Drake was going to check on Vok and get his spear back when he noticed something. Fast as he’d been to take the fight to the monsters, they should have killed a number of people on the first and second floors. However, a bunch of kids had survived. As the monsters had made short work of the doors, they’d fled out the back and into the street; Relc had done the rest.
…The problem was, there was no back door in these apartments. However, the children had thrown open steel-doors and the Cericel had clawed at the metal until Relc arrived. Steel doors that had not been there until someone painted them.
That was high-level. Even so, Relc wouldn’t have noticed unless he’d been looking for Vok and the others. He was wandering around the first and second floors, checking a Cericel wasn’t there—although his [Dangersense] was pretty good. Calling out for kids.
He felt like he was missing…something. Relc caught himself wandering around and shook his head. His inner-intuition began going off, a lot louder than even when the Cericel attacked. Relc checked his back again, despite his Skill—then put himself against a wall.
Routine. Instinct. The Drake felt a familiar sensation and chased it down in his head. He gritted his teeth—then stabbed his arm with the tip of his enchanted spear.
Pain and clarity assailed him as soon as the tip of his spear pierced his scales. Relc turned his head—and focused on the two rooms he’d been walking past. He narrowed his eyes, crept forwards…and saw Sellme erasing the painted metal doors and talking quietly to a group of kids.
“You never saw me, understand?”
The gaggle of Drakes and Gnolls nodded solemnly. They might not even remember afterwards, save that Sellme had been there—not Tesy. Relc recognized the mind-altering Skill and slid back before the [Magical Painter] looked around.
It was a good Skill that Sellme had. A classic ‘can’t see me’ Skill a [Rogue] might employ. Maybe even stronger given how famous they were and their level.
