Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 23
“Foul! And enough, please, Nsiia. I don’t think hand-to-hand fighting versus an axe is something you would actually practice, is it?”
But Femithain looked amused. Nsiia shrugged.
“If I had vambraces and gauntlets, I might risk it against someone half my level. If it were a fight to the death, though—and it was Armsmaster Dellic, I’d just run away. Can you teach Domehead that?”
“We can—but not for the Testing. Thank you Armsmaster.”
The man bowed to the Magus-Crafter and then to Nsiia. He looked relieved—and grateful as the other Crafters expressed the same sentiment after seeing his actual skill with a blade.
“It’s an honor, Magus-Crafter. I shall be at the Testing, of course. Best of luck on Dellva’s victory!”
The others could all cheer at that. Nsiia took her compliments and a towel and water and immediately struck down several more apprentice Crafters as she rinsed herself. Femithain was pleased. Dellic was pleased. Domehead was taken back to the workshop to be adjusted for the matches.
And after that—Nsiia went on a tour of Illivere.
 
—-
 
Gazi Pathseeker stood on a hill, surrounded by enemies. The sand crumbled underneath her armored boots. She looked around, holding the two-handed claymore. Fearless.
There were so many. They came up the hill in a swarm, without giving her the chance to duel. A swarm of faces. The first—was Rasea Zecrew, leering, brandishing a sword.
Dozens of [Pirates] followed her, along with other foes. A Manticore, soldiers—Flos, Orthenon—Gazi spun her claymore around.
She beheaded Rasea, and then impaled the first [Pirate] on her sword. She leapt down the hill as the clumsier attackers swung at her. Their blades and weapons bounced off her armor. Gazi brought her sword up and chopped down—into Flos’ head.
The King of Destruction fell down, dead. Gazi kicked Orthenon and then ran him through. She turned, hit the Manticore with her fist and actually shoved it backwards, overpowering the larger foe. She saw Flos was still moving and stomped his head into dust.
At this point, Trey decided the sand war-games should probably not include friends. It got too weird. He stared down at the little Sand Golems and the Lifesand Golem he’d made in Gazi’s face. She was currently stomping around the sand lot he’d made in his rooms, tearing apart nearly three dozen Sand Golems he’d made to attack her.
“This is research. It’s not just sand games. This is so cool.”
Trey made a mudball and put it into a sand catapult. It actually fired, and knocked the Lifesand Golem of Gazi flat. The little Golem—remarkably accurate, just with a slightly oversized head—got back up and charged the sandapult. One of the sand [Soldiers] tried to block her at Trey’s direction. It put up a sand-shield and Gazi put a fist through the entire Golem, punching through hardened sand.
“Whoa.”
There was probably a lot that went into the reason Trey had chosen to make Gazi the image he’d sculpted his Lifesand Golem into. Lots of trauma, and his image of her. And perhaps—that he was lonely, in Wistram. But determined.
Also, she looked really cool with the claymore. It was actually sharp, despite being made of sand. But then—her reddish, blood-sand body was unlike any other Sand Golem that Trey Atwood could make.
She was a [Lifesand Golem], and the Quarass had given him the ability to create her. Did Trey harbor a grudge? Did he have a sudden trauma regarding daggers and throats? Yes. But he had to admit—the Lifesand Golem was faster, stronger, tougher, and…smarter than other Golems?
