Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 33
She growled. Relc felt something hit his back.
A spell. [Life Leech]. Or something. Worse than a bolt of energy. He grunted, dragging the spear through Bearclaw’s guts. She would die if he wrestled the spear free. But she was so strong—
Someone was stabbing him from the side. A second crossbow bolt hit him in the lower back.
Should have—killed the crossbow—
He was blacking out. The Drake heaved. He heard the Gnoll screaming. Where was Klb? No, he was gone. Embria? At work.
He was alone. The Drake sighed. He felt another hammer’s blow from behind. Slowly—he let go of his spear. He turned and saw the [Crossbowman] aiming at his face.
Relc blinked.
 
—-
 
Watch Captain Zevara sat in her office. Wearily, she reviewed all the things she had to do.
Expand the Watch, source better gear, work with 4th Company, monitor the Antinium…
An endless list. And that wasn’t even with detailing security for the new city. She needed all these things. More artifacts, especially. She wondered if she could get more funding…
No. She needed to go beyond Liscor. You could train new recruits, but other cities had [Guards] she could poach. With the right incentives, you could hire others. The new road south and the door to Pallass was ideal. This was her chance to make Liscor’s Watch a true force, not reliant on the army or adventurers.
At the moment, though, she was trying to fill a void. Klbkch was gone. And she hadn’t realized how important he’d been until then.
Klbkch and Relc. A duo that gave her headaches, mainly because of Relc. But they were her best team for trouble. Even Jeiss, their sword expert, couldn’t boast a better combat record with Beilmark.
Who could rein Relc in? Who could be that useful, practical officer? Well…Zevara shuffled her papers. She looked up and stared at another potential recruit.
“So…you’re applying to fill Klbkch’s position? We don’t…appoint Senior Guards. Erm. However, this is a unique case. We could certainly use another representative of the Hive…um. Yellow Splatters, was it?”
“Correct.”
The Soldier sat in front of Zevara. She stared at him.
“…Why do you want the position?”
“To foster respect with the Antinium. To replace Revalantor Klbkch. I am a Prognugator of the Free Antinium. I am also a Soldier.”
“Yes.”
That was all Zevara could say. She looked at Yellow Splatters.
“Er…but do you think you are suitable for the Watch?”
She meant it more…but Yellow Splatters took it literally.
“I am capable of fighting after sustaining large amounts of damage. My carapace is equivalent to chainmail without Skills. I am able to communicate with both Antinium and other species. With your permission, other Soldiers will also participate in Watch duties.”
“I see. Good points. But they can’t speak…”
“A Worker will translate for them. Or I.”
The Watch Captain shuffled her papers.
“Good points. Well, I can certainly see you working on a…provisional basis. Klbkch was a credit to the Watch. Um…it’s highly irregular. But I can see…”
The Walled Cities were going to have a fit, but they’d want her to say yes. Yellow Splatters stood up. Zevara blinked, but he saluted.
“When do I report for duty?”
“Oh—well—”
The Watch Captain was spared by a shout from the door. Beilmark threw it open.
“Watch Captain!”
“Yes?”
The Drake jumped, relieved. She shot to her feet. Beilmark was panting. It must be serious if she abandoned her desk. The Gnoll was wide-eyed.
“It’s Relc.”
Zevara’s relief turned to annoyance in a heartbeat.
“Oh, Ancestors. What did that idiot do this—”
She stopped when she saw Beilmark’s face. The Gnoll spoke slowly.
