Interlude – Embria
Page 12
“…If I had the choice, I wouldn’t be involved at all. But I have to do my job. And Shopkeeper Lism’s right. I’m not saying I disagree with the idea to expand Liscor, but having Antinium aid…did your partner tell you about his Hive’s plans, by any chance?”
She glanced swiftly up and to the side. Relc smiled crookedly.
“Klb? He doesn’t tell me anything. Well, usually. These days he complains about his subordinates. Pawn and the others. But he doesn’t talk about stuff like that. Suits me.”
“And it doesn’t bother you? His proposal?”
“What? Paying for more buildings in exchange for making the Hive bigger? Works for me.”
“But they’ll expand the Hive.”
“And Captain Z will double the Watch. We could probably use both, after the siege. Right?”
Embria opened her mouth to respond. After a second she closed it and kept walking. The two walked down one street and then the next. They passed by arguing Drakes and Gnolls. Embria eyed them. She looked twice when one of the Drakes threw a punch and a Gnoll raised a fist.
“Shouldn’t you stop that?”
Relc picked at his teeth.
“Off duty. Besides, it’s just a fight. Long as there’s no blades, it should be good. It’s healthy to punch things. It was like this just a bit ago, remember? When that Numbtongue guy entered the city?”
“I remember.”
The tone in Embria’s voice passed Relc completely by, or he ignored it. He nodded. Then he brushed at a crumb on his front and brightened.
“I tell you though, it was good being back at the old inn. Ever since that thing with the Goblins, it’s been hard to visit. I think she’s forgiven me; she didn’t throw a knife at my head, anyways. Breakfast was good.”
He smacked his lips together absently. Embria just looked at him.
“You mean, during the siege?”
Relc paused. He looked at Embria and the two shared a long glance. After a second, he kept walking and shook his head.
“Oh. Well, that too. I meant the first thing with the Goblins. And the other thing with that small one. Rags or something.”
“What thing? Rags?”
“The first time I killed some Goblins. Cut their heads off. Erin really didn’t like that. The second time—I was sort of a jerk to a little Goblin who always came in. Erin kicked me out after that. I didn’t really go back until recently. Haven’t gotten into a fight this time, and I’m trying not to. They’ve got blue juice there now.”
The Wing Commander stared at her father. She opened her mouth, then closed it and sighed. The worst part was that she could decipher some of what Relc had just said from previous anecdotes.
“Why do you want to go there anyways? A Goblin-loving—what’s that inn got to offer that the Tailless Thief doesn’t?”
Relc looked surprised.
“Besides price? Besides the free plays, which are awesome and the really good food? That uh, Peslas guy who runs the Tailless Thief just serves Drake food. Erin serves new stuff, and really good stuff. I love it.”
He licked his lips. Embria smiled.
“You do like to eat. But why not cook it yourself? You could probably get the class.”
“I can’t cook, kid. You know that.”
“Still? How long has it been?”
Relc counted on his claws and then shrugged.
“I just can’t get a hang of it. But I do have hobbies.”
“Like…?”
“Well, here we are.”
