Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 1
He flicked a finger and a bit of flame shot from his fingertips—and missed the cigarette as Erin snatched it out of his mouth.
“No smoking. It probably ruins the flavor.”
Palt blew out his cheeks. But he gave up and switched to his vapor-less puffers. Erin and Lyonette found a table in the common room and dumped the beans onto it. Palt produced a piece of chalk—it looked laced with some kind of clear material—and drew a lazy ring around the beans as they were laid out.
Lyonette frowned at how many beans there were. Not a bad quantity, but Erin had only been able to harvest one tree.
“We’re already spending a bit for this chocolate, Erin. It—doesn’t look like much.”
“Well—it’s a lot of beans. Chocolate isn’t something you eat in quantity, Lyonette.”
“Really? From the way you talked about it, it sounded like you put it in everything.”
“No! It’s like sugar, or cookies!”
“Erin, is everything you know how to make bad for you? Hamburgers, your fries, which you submerge in oil, mayonnaise, milkshakes, cake—”
Erin Solstice looked around. She leaned over and whispered to Palt and Lyonette.
“Hey! My country back on Earth has tons of sweet stuff! It’s not my fault that I don’t know how to do other things! I never cooked before I came here! A lot of foods are premade, y’know. Frozen, or preserved. Sort of like magic, but less nice. Also, you can order pizzas. But you’ll get fat if you do that.”
She leaned back over. Palt and Lyonette gave each other looks. Erin smiled.
“It’s great I can tell people that.”
“Well, I never knew how to cook either. So I guess that’s fair.”
“Hm. Well, I like to cook.”
Palt trotted around the cocoa beans on the table, flicking his wand at them. Erin saw a shimmering ball of light coalesce. It was bright—until Palt did something and the light angled downwards, bathing the table in a harsh glow. At the same time, Erin saw him point and murmur.
“…And there we go.”
“Wait, is it working?”
Palt nodded as Erin craned her neck. She didn’t see much besides the light pouring down. The Centaur pointed at the table.
“Put your hand in there. Don’t worry, it’s not dangerous.”
Erin put her hand over the crude chalk outline Palt had drawn. Instantly, she felt her hand drying up. The outer layer of her skin felt like it was cracking and losing moisture in real time. She yanked her hand free.
“Whoa! That’s powerful!”
“Well, you tend to learn for—”
“Dreamleaf.”
Erin and Lyonette chorused. Lyonette put her hand in there and exclaimed.
“That is powerful. You know, there are um, scenarios where I could see using this spell to harass other people. OR rather, I know of them.”
Palt grinned.
“Oh, you’ve heard of dramas between [Ladies] and nobility as well? Yes indeed, drying a competitor’s skin the night before a ball and whatnot. Hilarious. Unless you kill them by accident.”
“Yes.”
The [Princess] coughed. Erin was fairly impressed that Palt didn’t seem to need to actively maintain the spell. The [Illusionist] just shrugged.
“Letting a spell work in a confined boundary like this isn’t simple—unless you’ve been taught the theory. Then it’s simple. It’s the kind of thing your friends from Wistram would have learned in oh, year five or so. I’ll keep an eye on the beans.”
Erin nodded. She wandered off as Lyonette managed the inn. It had been three days since her outing with Lasica to get the beans fermented. In that time, Erin had only had a few interesting incidents.
