Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 21
Bird began to repeat his instructions, but once again Niers was distracted. It was that Drake [Captain]. He didn’t matter, but the way he cheered his [Soldiers], coddled them along? They were groaning, begging for a rest and then he said it.
“Alright, alright! One more mile! We’ve done a damned good job. One mile and we’ll break.”
“You just said three more miles. You idiot! What military school did you graduate from, the school of kittens and puppies and hugs?”
Niers began to shout in Bird’s hat. The Antinium, with his keen intellect and [Liar]’s intuition, decided that wasn’t meant to be repeated.
The Titan of Baleros peered out the hole in Bird’s hat. He looked at the [Soldiers]. He looked at the road, as his battlefield Skills pinged and revealed the first group of Fissival’s forces in the distance. He looked at the suspicious travelers on the road, who had begun to wonder just who was under the bulky cloaks. A Drake or Gnoll carrying packs under a travelling cloak? But it wasn’t raining.
A huge, manic, terrible smile spread across Niers’ face. The Titan of Baleros stepped back as the Drake [Captain] went down his lines.
“Say it. Just one time. Say it.”
He was slapping shoulders.
“Well done, lads. You’re a fighting force to be proud of.”
That was it. Niers’ face turned into a happy smile of pure evil. He snapped.
“Bird. Follow my orders exactly.”
The Antinium listened. Then his mandibles opened.
“What? No. I will not do that. That is insane. I am supposed to be the silly one. Not you. Let us return to those old roles. I liked that.”
He had been having a lot of fun at the Titan’s expense. Too much. Bird should have realized something. He wasn’t the insane one.
Niers was the insane one.
 
——
 
“Hey. Who are that lot? Humans and a Drake and a Gnoll. But what’s that group in hoods about? Some have masks on.”
“Dunno. Some kind of weird class? Gnolls?”
A travelling group of Drakes weren’t the only ones to notice the swift-moving group. Many had passed by with idle curiosity, but this one was on the group’s heels and had been keeping up, if not gaining, like the training regiment.
It was faster than any would have liked, but the Gnoll [Caravan Leader] had pushed the horses a bit faster because she kept staring at them in curiosity and sniffing their odd scents. It wasn’t as if ‘Human’ and ‘Drake’ were that different in scent, but she didn’t know what she was smelling. And the longer she looked at one of the bulky figures jogging along—why were they jogging if they had packs? They didn’t look like travelling packs.
But the more outlandish theories she had just couldn’t be true because that would be insane. Right? So she just…tried to get a better view.
One of the leaders was riding back, hood drawn over his face, no, actually shielding it as he stopped, talking to the other riders, the passengers on the wagon, and the jogging figures. They all looked stunned, began to argue. Someone began to shout.
“You’re insane, Bird! Ins—”
The [Caravan Leader] picked up something on the wind. Her eyes widened as she finally placed the scent.
“It can’t be.”
She had smelled that before, oh, yes, she had. Last time she’d nearly died during a surprise ambush. It was probably that they’d run into the monsters on the road, spilled blood.
…She didn’t smell blood. Did they have some prisoner? She craned her neck, then decided she had to ride forwards and see.
