Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 11
He flinched at Mrsha’s scowl, but went on determinedly.
“He says that the Antinium were dangerous too. They marched.”
“Not all of them. Workers got hurt!”
Some had died. The two children hadn’t known that. They went still as Mrsha got up. She glowered at them and decided it wasn’t their faults. She had to show them.
“Hey, Mrsha, don’t go into the jungle! Remember you got your fur full of burrs when you went in there!”
Drassi lazily shouted at Mrsha as she led the two others over the hill. The Drake yawned and lay back in the sunlight. Meanwhile, Mrsha led the children down the hill to the edges of the dome.
The door was waiting for them. Ekirra and Visma drew back doubtfully.
“We’re not supposed to leave. We’ll get in trouble.”
Visma peeked out through the door. There was a…humming sound. A wooden hallway. Mrsha waved at them, signaling for quiet.
Workers had died during the riot. But Visma and Ekirra hadn’t known. Mrsha doubted their parents had been aware—or cared.
After all, who cared for Worker casualties? No one said it. Olesm’s newspaper had illustrations of the destruction, counts of people injured, hurt, dead, arrested…but the Antinium were only mentioned as ‘The Black Tide’, sweeping through the city in a mass.
No one spoke of the Workers who’d been cut into pieces or smashed and killed and left to die by angry people. Angry people who pretended to be normal the next day.
But some people did not forget.
The place Mrsha led her friends was a new part of the inn. A new wing, off the kitchen-side. It had not been part of Lyonette’s original plans. But it had been funded and paid for by Xrn. And conceived of by Erin and Pawn.
The humming in the air was louder as the children crept forwards. Ekirra’s ears perked up and even Visma heard it as multiple voices. And as they moved towards a room where light spilled from behind two double doors, they saw.
Antinium. They knelt, or stood, in a room designed for them. It was simple, adorned by color. Pictures on the wall. Each one unique. This place was a copy of a room in the Antinium Hive. And in it—standing behind an altar stood a [Priest].
The humming came from him as he swung the censer. It was not a single-minded drone—but nor was it music. It was meaningful, wordless.
Religion.
Now, Pawn bent. In front of him were about a dozen Workers. They were all—wounded. Or they had been. Mrsha saw one Worker had no antennae. Another’s carapace had been cracked in multiple places.
The Workers knelt there, as Pawn put down his censer. Two of his hands were clasped in prayer. Now, the other two offered something with reverence to the first Worker. A bowl.
It did not contain food. Rather, it had small sections. Each one with a different color of paint. The Worker’s hands trembled as he slowly accepted the bowl. Slowly—so slowly, a finger dipped into the paint.
“We pray for the souls of those Workers who have died. Let them rest in Heaven. For the living—we continue on. Despite suffering. To make earth as it is in Heaven. Do not forget. Do not give in. You are not alone.”
Pawn’s voice was quiet as he walked down the line of Workers, offering another bowl. The children heard a sound.
Click. The Painted Antinium standing around the room made the sound. It made Ekirra jump; Visma sucked on her thumb. But it was not a harsh sound. There was something beautiful here. Mysterious.
Yellow Splatters stood at the back of the room, waiting. The others looked to him. One who had been there.
