Interlude – The Great Race
Page 5
(★★★★) Pisces Jealnet, (but don’t use his last name), [Necromancer]. — Sniffy. Tell him anything cooked is ‘sous veid’, or if he asks if it’s prepared in such and such style, say ‘yes’ or tell him to talk to Imani. Sometimes goes invisible and complains when you bump into him. Asks for tons of things. Lots of bone dust everywhere.
(★★★★★-★) Mrsha, [Troublemaker probably]. — Steals everything from plates. Lies. If she’s smiling guiltily, something has gone wrong. Do not let her play ball with Ekirra or she’ll kick a ball into someone’s face. She has no ‘dessert permissions’. She has no authority. Get Lyonette or Ulvama to reliably deal with her. May attract monsters. Is rude. Never tips.
 
You were only supposed to have a 5-star difficulty rating in the system they’d worked up, but Mrsha demanded one more. She had been the worst offender on their system so far along with a few other 5-star guests. Until the latest entry.
 
(★★★★★-★★) Gothica, [Goth]. — Hides among the corpses in the basement. Sits in cupboards and screams at you. Stares at you in the hallway in the middle of the night or mutters just out of earshot while you’re alone.
 
Anyways, even if there were no 5-star guests here, Relc was a solid 3-star himself. He was pretty nice, and he’d gotten downgraded after coming back from Cellidel, but he ate a lot, was messy, and somehow at least one chair overturned itself in his presence every single time.
Juggle that with Joseph asking if they had something lighter than chowder and one of the Lizardfolk being uncertain whether or not he was allergic to the chowder and Ishkr got both different meals. This was in between serving everyone, bussing the tables free of plates, and going to let in the crowds at the pre-arranged times from Liscor, Invrisil, and Pallass.
By the time a guilty Liska jumped up, she’d seen Ishkr pass her table eleven times.
“Where do I go?”
“Door. Let in Silveran and the Antinium. They should be coming now.”
Liska went to do just that. She had just changed the dial to Liscor when an Antinium walked in with the new hires.
“Hello, Silveran.”
“Hello, Liska. This is Liska. She works here. You must be very conscientious of her and Ishkr as they are the only two employees.”
Silveran entered with the new Antinium hires. They’d been on the job this last week, but they were still new. And his presence was…if not unusual, slightly unnecessary. Yet ever since the cleaning incident, Silveran had realized he could come here as a paying guest. Which wasn’t bad, but he got 2-stars in the Liska book because he kept cleaning up things and pretending to work here.
Six Antinium trundled in after him. Each one had an apron on, and they were armed with cleaning supplies, and one had a hammer and nails. They’d be useful for fixing small things since four were Workers. The two Soldiers looked quite nervous; Liska eyed them, wondering how they’d use their ‘hands’ to help. But Erin had said it was equal-opportunity after a talk with Pawn, and she was the boss. The weird boss. She was still better than bossy Lyonette. The only appealing thing about her was her red hair.
Anyways, Liska eyed the Workers’ attire. They even had a pawprint in black next to a stylized inn.
“Silveran. Did you buy the Workers supplies?”
The [Cleaner] hesitated.
“If I did, that is within my rights as a related Antinium. Besides, as I note, this inn lacks for the Goblin staff. So if I saw any dust, it would be my responsibility as a citizen to do my duty as a good samaritan and clean it up.”
