Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 3
Yes, very odd. Why did he want Trey Atwood, or his sister, to be sitting there, perhaps on the floor, perhaps in the dining room where he would sit upon a throne there too and tell them about the inadvertent story of the dead diplomats—and then the numerous times he had intentionally killed them?
“Strange.”
Fetohep mused, because his mind was reminding him of some truths. He did not divide his consciousness up into parallel selves like the [Mages] did—but he had mastered the art of smart [Witches]. Introspectiveness. And he recalled—
He had not always been like this. In fact, a year ago? This was what his days would have been like.
Sit here, unmoving, silently maintaining and arranging the undead legions of Khelt. Sit and think. Or sit and be still, and let time pass like water unto sand.
He had passed entire weeks like that. Fetohep had once sat for five months without moving, without speaking, until he was roused to investigate a murder of passion that had taken place.
He recalled it quite clearly. And even if he seldom got close to his five-month record, he would still sit for hours or days unending without needing to so much as speak.
His servants came and went. They cleaned the palace, but they did not interrupt him except when he was needed. And that was surprisingly seldom.
Khelt had set up its society such that its ruler only needed to maintain and change what they willed. Fetohep was more preoccupied with border matters, trade, than he was with his people.
And frankly, it was fine. For Khelt…was a utopia. And its king had been content with his paradise in the sands because his people wanted for nothing. He had spent six centuries thusly, participating in some wars, defending his nation a few times, but really…making sure everything ran the way it had.
Only—now—something was wrong. The King sat there for sixteen minutes and forty three seconds and he was aware of sitting there. And a new thought emerged. One that had not troubled him since his death, but as a mortal man he had sometimes known.
Sands take me, I’m bored.
Fetohep looked around. His head moved; then he spoke.
“Pomle.”
The speaking artifact floated away and another appeared in its place. A large scrying mirror, perfect, highly-enchanted—Fetohep gazed into it.
“Are there any Sparring Events today?”
He was referring to the new practice in Pomle; fighting arenas where one could bet on two fighters—or even groups—who would battle until one or the other was defeated.
A new concept. However, not original. Gladiator arenas had existed long before even Khelt. In fact, Nerrhavia was beginning to broadcast its own gladiatorial matches, in its great arenas. Other nations were doing the same—even Illivere was going to broadcast Golem Testings, which Fetohep was very interested in.
As he peered at the empty arena and realized…it was dawn…Fetohep was already summoning the [Messages] of the scheduled Sparring Events to his mind.
Let’s see. Level 42 [Martial Artist] –specific class unknown—versus eight Level 20+ [Martial Artists]! Two Level 30+ among the eight. Oh, now that did sound interesting!
He reviewed the details. Hm. Even more fascinating. It listed ‘Dullahan’ as species for the Level 42 [Martial Artist], and gave a gender. Male. And since it was eight Level 20’s—well, the odds were still in the higher-level’s favor, but not by much.
Fetohep’s keen mind and undead memory presented him with options of who this could be. Even in Pomle, such a level was rare. Male, Dullahan…he was put in mind of the [Armored Fist] class of martial arts, who prized extreme resilience.
