Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 15
“That may be acceptable. However, my Chieftain must first allow us to mingle. Nor shall our exchanging of pleasantries lead to anything else.”
This time Orreh’s ears flattened noticeably. Inkar’s would have done the same if they were capable of it.
“I did not expect that…Hunter Ekrinish.”
He sniffed once, unabashed.
“In our experience, it is wise to be upfront about such things with other tribes. And this is the Human. How are you named?”
“Inkar the Traveller.”
This was a growl from around the fire. Ekrinish regarded Inkar intently. She expected more haughty superiority, but to her surprise, the Gnoll held out a paw to shake and his touch was quite gentle. He smiled widely at her—without teeth.
“An honor to meet you, Inkar. Tribes willing, shall we talk and dance among the gitar-songs tonight, Traveller Inkar? It would be a pleasure and I am sure my Chieftain would allow it.”
He was about to go on, but another Gnoll had spotted Inkar and made his way over. Indeed—there seemed to be an imbalance of how many Gnolls wanted to join Inkar’s eating circle as their Chieftain bade them mingle.
And it was not just curiosity or politeness. Inkar knew flirtation when she saw it—especially when they lined up to offer choice cuts of meat for the fire, or tried to sit directly across from her, where in the way of conversation, they’d be most spoken to.
…The prohibition on interbreeding between tribes to keep their bloodlines pure seemed to have really developed some odd preferences in the Ekhtouch Gnolls. Or the males, at least. At least it brightened Orreh and the others’ moods a bit.
Old Deskie, Eska, the [Shaman], and even Orelighn all nearly laughed themselves to sickness as they saw Inkar fleeing the small mob asking if she wanted to dance. She left the disappointed younger Gnolls behind and hurried over to the fire where they were gathered for sanctuary.
To her relief, the Ekhtouch’s Chieftain wasn’t there. Eska chuckled as Inkar sat down, peeved.
“Ekhtouch, Inkar. What, you do not care for so many Gnolls wagging their tails after you?”
“They do not seem…as sociable as the Greenpaw Tribe, Chieftain. Forgive me if I am offending anyone.”
“You are not.”
Orelighn and some of the veteran Gnolls chuckled approvingly. The Greenpaws were careful to be respectful, but the Ekhtouch clearly rubbed them the wrong way too. Eska just shrugged it off.
“Not all tribes think alike, Inkar. These day we are allies against the foes who could wipe us out. But in the old times—and now—we still argue and fight. The Meeting of Tribes will have some of that. Feuds settled or made. Challenges, arguments, differences of how we should move forwards as a species.”
Inkar frowned.
“Surely the Meeting of Tribes will be peaceful, though.”
“Peace? The Meeting of Tribes is peaceful? Who told you that story, Traveller Inkar?”
Orelighn raised his brows in disbelief. And Inkar realized she’d assumed something wrongly about the Meeting of Tribes. Eska shook her head.
“We have begun wars after a poor Meeting of Tribes. Rarely, but it happens. Crime is outlawed, and the other tribes do prevent infighting, but challenges between Tribes are usual. Each one is a law unto themselves; the fact that more tribes may join in would prevent the fighting, but…”
She shook her head. Inkar was puzzled.
“Isn’t there one tribe who would keep order?”
Her question caused a bit of silence among the Gnolls. After a moment, Eska growled a reply.
