Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 3
But his scull was gone. There was nothing to hold onto and besides…if exposure didn’t kill him, the ocean’s predators would.
This wasn’t Earth. Sharks were a lesser concern to the hundreds, thousands of species that could kill a man. Luan swam. But he had one advantage and that was his bag of holding.
Inside of it, Luan had any number of things to stay alive with. Not least of which, after the first hour, he knew he had to ration:
Food. He had dried ‘energy bar’ substitutes he’d made up with Kirana’s help in the United Nations headquarters. Water, too! He gulped greedily from the canteen, then forced himself to stop.
Stamina potions? Even a few healing potions. And best of all—a flotation device.
Not an actual life-jacket. Luan had been going to invest in a ring to do the same, or best of all, a Ring of Waterbreathing which solved most problems. So he had no actual jacket. But as night fell, he improvised.
A waterproof blanket and pillow were some of the things he put in the bag of holding so he could sleep anywhere he wanted. He tied a knot with all four corners to make a rough sphere, catching air in the blanket, creating a buoy which he could cling to when he got tired.
He hoped he didn’t have to use it. But as the daylight faded, Luan had swum for five hours by his reckoning.
And he couldn’t tell if he’d made any progress. Nothing appeared on the horizon. Luan realized he needed the makeshift buoy.
The water grew cold. Luan, buffeted by waves and trying to cling to the buoy, did not really ‘sleep’. But he did pass out and wake. He began swimming as soon as he had energy left. Following the compass.
He did not despair the first day. Or the second.
Or the first week.
 
—-
 
He was rationing his food and water. It rained twice during the first two weeks, and he held up all the containers, even the bag of holding, his mouth open.
The waves grew stronger during the storms, though. Twice, they threw him about, threatening to drag him into the depths again.
He swam through it, clinging to the blanket at need. It gained two holes over the first week, which he desperately tried to plug.
Land never appeared. A vast shadow passed over him, once. Something tried to take a bite out of him three times. He fought them off by kicking and thrashing twice.
One time something appeared out of the water with barbs for a face and savaged him. It was half his size, but dense, and tore chunks out of him with each thrashing movement.
Luan killed it with the backup knife in his bag of holding. All but one of the healing potions went into that battle and he left the water bloody behind him.
Two weeks of swimming passed. Still, he followed the compass, despair on his tongue as his body weakened with each passing day of decreasing food, sleep, and water.
He might have truly given up, or at least, lost all hope. But Luan stared at the names on his arm. And though he saw no land, saw no relief day after day, there was one thing that gave him some hope.
 
[Swimmer Level 5!]
 
The first day, he gained the class.
 
[Swimmer Level 9!]
 
By the fourth day, he was able to lie on his back and rest. [Indefinite Flotation] was the Skill that let him ‘rest’, though a wave could still wake him with water engulfing him.
Two weeks. Then, as the third dawned, Luan heard the voice.
 
[Athlete Level 14!]
 
The [Swimmer] class had changed at Level 10.
Luan swam. Cutting through the water faster, tiring slower. His body was shriveled from ceaseless contact with the water. His beard, hair, salt-crusted, unkempt. A scar around his throat from where he had rejected the sea’s gift.
