Interlude – Conversations
Page 31
“This is why I do not give inspirational advice.”
She turned away to float off. Montressa looked at the older woman’s back. And she understood why people did not follow her, for all she had reached her vaunted position by talent alone. That was a terrifying statement.
That was the Archmage of Izril. It was incredibly lonely and strange and…it reminded Montressa of something. Someone.
For a second, she did recall another [Mage] like that. Almost as strange, just as rude—no, even more. And back in those old halcyon days…
“Archmage Valeterisa!”
The Archmage did turn. She sighed, but she had seemingly decided to pay attention to Montressa. The [Aegiscaster] scrambled forwards, wiping at her face, following a sudden, crazy idea.
Following a half-Elf in her memories, just like she used to. She had no giant bag of salt looted from the kitchens, but…
“Archmage.”
“Yes?”
“Do you…would you have any use for an, um—an apprentice?”
Bezale, charging towards her friend, nearly tripped. She stopped as Archmage Valeterisa focused on Montressa. The young woman spoke, rapidly.
“I’m expelled from Wistram. But if you taught me magic—”
Valeterisa frowned.
“I do not take apprentices. I did—but apprentices require too much energy. They’re a net loss. And they die, which causes problems. Vendettas with family, friends.”
Montressa gulped. She spoke rapidly, praying that Ishkr’s Skill was still in effect.
“Not me. I can do all kinds of useful things. Like…”
She glanced at Valeterisa’s bag of holding that had a bit of cloth hanging out of it.
“…buy you undergarments. And smooth things over. I bet you—to get to Liscor—you had to queue up to use the door, didn’t you? And you must get a lot of [Messages].”
Archmage Nailihuaile employed Beatrice full-time just to manage her affairs. Valeterisa considered that.
“This is true, but I am proficient at multitasking.”
She frowned deeper.
“…Which nearly cost me multiple decades of my life. You’re…what are you?”
“A Level 28 [Aegiscaster]. Full Wistram graduate, secret broker, um, with training in both runecraft, enchanting, and I took a course in divination magic.”
Montressa felt like she was back in Wistram, listing her classes. Valeterisa’s eyes flickered.
“[Aegiscaster]. You must have a decent spell selection to gain the class before Level 30. That’s a post-30 consolidation mark in terms of casting power. But if I employed you as an apprentice…I would have to feed you, pay you, deal with Nailihuaile—”
“I can do all of that. I did assist Archmage Nailihuaile.”
Montressa saw Valeterisa go hmm, silently. Bezale hurried over.
“Montressa, have you taken leave of your senses?”
“…Transport is the issue. I would have to dual-cast [Levitation], and I don’t know you. Valeterisa to Archmage Nailihuaile—no, wait. She’s not going to give you references.”
She was clearly devoting more mental energy to this moment, because she actually grew more animated, snapping her fingers, frowning, floating back and forth as if she were pacing. She looked at Montressa.
“I’m intrigued, but I am quite busy and this is not the moment to spend training an apprentice. I must decline, Mage Montressa. But I will review your offer after I return north.”
“But I…”
Montressa ran after Valeterisa as the Archmage floated downhill. She had to do it! She remembered how Ceria had done it. Literally de-icing a magical spell with salt. Being tested with Illphres—don’t jump and watch out for when you get pushed.
She had a chance, she knew. Because Valeterisa kept glancing over her shoulder, clearly not certain.
