Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 2
“My point, Orjin, is perhaps that you don’t. Not today. Or this year. You are pitting yourself against a flying foe. The strongest [Mage] in the world. Against gravity, which Humans have never defeated as a species since your people existed. Aim smaller. Master the ground first. Then the skies. It’s like my apprentices. If they don’t learn how to hold a spear, they don’t deserve to practice with it!”
He threw his staff like a javelin and one of the apprentices went flying. Xil sat down as the staff was brought back. Orjin sighed.
That was one perspective. Salthorn had another. The Selphid was teaching her pupil, Mendi, a [Grappler]. As another of Pomle’s masters—that number including Orjin—she had a different take.
“Xil has a point, Strongest. But if I had to fight the Death of Magic, I would buy a flying artifact. Train with that. Your weakness isn’t the lack of the ability to fly—focus on your fighting techniques. And dodging. If I touched the Death of Magic and broke her magic shields—I would never let go.”
And if Salthorn grabbed anyone, they were probably dead. The Selphid had locked Mendi down and the Dullahan was immobilized, even with the Dullahan’s unique ability to detach limbs, including their heads.
“This is how you subdue a Dullahan. Their arms and legs can come off. And heads. So. To immobilize them, you need to grab the head. Either it comes off and they’ve given you their head, or you apply pressure like this—”
Mendi groaned as Salthorn applied a hair’s more pressure. She was explaining to a new pupil, well, a new member of Pomle.
Iratze. He and a few of the strange Humans were watching. Iratze had a very respectful look on his face.
“That makes sense. But how would you stop a Selphid, Master Salthorn?”
The Selphid grinned. Submission holds were a lot harder with multiple species like Centaurs, Drakes, Dullahans, to name only a few. But she had mastered them all.
“I could lock down a Selphid from inside their body. You, as a Human, would need to break their body down. Tear muscles—here. Let me show you.”
She was teaching Iratze. And the young man with a mixed-martial arts background had shown Pomle’s [Martial Artists] what his world had come up with in their development.
Of course, he hadn’t told Orjin that. Iratze watched the Strongest of Pomle out of the corner of his eye. Everyone knew Orjin, the leader of Pomle. You could usually see the man training. He was impressive. But he seemed out of sorts, especially given he’d come to consult the Selphid.
“Enough.”
Salthorn spoke and Mendi stopped the maneuver designed to take out a Selphid’s muscles and break down the body—the only real way to stop them. She turned to Orjin.
“Orjin. Strongest of Pomle, if you want to fight enemies like the Death of Magic, I can’t help you. Go to Wistram and punch every Archmage in sight. Magic is very different to the things [Warriors] understand. But as far as I’m concerned—flying is the only reason a [Mage] would survive an encounter with you.”
“Thank you, Salthorn. I will think on this.”
Orjin rose with a sigh. The question that had consumed him the last few days subsided. He was not content of course; he never was. But perspective mattered. He’d begin training with Garuda, try to develop combat techniques like fighting on palm leaves or something.
The Wrath of the Wind or whatever he’d been known had used a light-foot Skill like that. At the very least, Orjin could work more on balance and jumping.
