Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 46
Olesm had told Theophilus to be angry. Zimrah was weeping quietly. She had clasped two hands together, and the other two hands were pattering down her upper arms, fingers tapping.
Like raindrops. Some of the Soldiers and Workers watched her. They had no idea what she was doing.
“It is Mrsha-speak. Of the Painted Antinium. I will teach you.”
Jerimy was telling a Soldier. Zimrah wept. Jerimy shared. Theophilus and Jerimy did not see where Zimrah went after that—if Theophilus had, he might have stopped Zimrah. But he was blind and deaf.
The [Crusaders] stood in ranks when Theophilus stumbled up to his podium, and their conviction was weak. It was not a darkness of unbelief…just the cold, grey mundanity of a world where Heaven was distant and death waited.
Theophilus tried. The [Acolyte] spoke.
“Today. I regret to tell you what you may know. Crusader 334, who was blessed with healing…perished in battle.”
The Antinium stirred. Just a slight movement. Crusader 51’s head was bowed low. He did not look up as Theophilus went on, speaking automatically, the words rushing out of him like blood from a wound in his face.
“The [Spearmaster] slew him. I am told Crusader 334 fought bravely. He was brave. Now he rests in Heaven. Believe that.”
He saw a few Antinium looking at him, clinging to his words. Many—too many—listened but saw no Heaven.
Heaven was hard to believe in. Even Pawn said that. You could not touch it. You could not see it. Yellow Splatters had died and told them Heaven was real, so Theophilus was filled with faith in his presence.
But Yellow Splatters was not here. The [Acolyte] went on.
“Crusader 334 was an example to us all. Despite the odds, he did not run or retreat. He was here to punish Hectval, to fight them. To protect Heaven and the Hive. He…he…”
The words did not come out. He could not glorify Crusader 334 enough. Theophilus believed he had been glorious. Yet…yet…
The [Acolyte] stopped upon his pulpit. The Antinium Crusade watched as Theophilus leaned on the podium, and Jerimy hesitated, hurrying up to perhaps pull Theophilus away.
Then Theophilus spoke.
“It is not right. He should not have died.”
The Crusade…stirred. Theophilus spoke, half to them, half to himself, in a muttering voice. Not projected with hope, but with something else.
“They killed him. That is what they do. Hectval. It is always Hectval. Some say Manus. But who took away our sky? Hectval. If not for them, we could be in the inn. She would be there, laughing. She would take my hands, and Pawn would laugh and smile. We should all be there. Instead, we are dying here. Crusader 334 is dead. Because of them. Hectval.”
Something was rising in Theophilus’ stomach. A kind of bile, but worse. Dekass and Tersk were used to his minute-long speeches, so they were hesitating as Theophilus went on. Jerimy had stopped, and, like the others, he was looking at the [Acolyte].
Every eye on him, Theophilus grasped at the podium.
“Hectval is bad. Hectval is wrong. Hectval is…”
He had talked about needing to fight Hectval but…now a word came to him.
“Evil.”
The [Crusaders] looked at each other. Evil? They knew the word, but they had never applied it to anything. Not Flesh Worms. Not Furfur. They had things that they disliked, even hated. But this?
The [Acolyte] on his podium looked around.
