Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 54
That was all he had time for. Eloque locked eyes with Azam. Her only companion in their long captivity under Igheriz. Pisces and Azam glanced at each other, both of whom had suffered under Riqre.
The Emir was dead. As his dark deeds fell to ruin from within, the Djinni raised a hand. He cast something down at Eloque and Pisces’ feet. Something that came out of his hand, his essence and body.
A sword, and a rapier.
Pisces blinked. He looked up at the Djinni. Then he seized the blade. Eloque clumsily lifted hers. They stood together and fought.
The pitch blackness like the insides of the urns drove the horrors mad. They roamed the halls, slaughtering the screaming monsters who had imprisoned them. They turned as they saw the light.
A flaming rapier. A glowing Djinni’s eyes. Spells and light. They swarmed towards the gates, into the courtyard. That was where the three stood, fighting, making their way for the outside.
Pisces, whirling, striking with a [Fencer]’s grace. Eloque slashing with a fierce desire to live, her stitched scales gleaming under the moonlight, and Azam, roaring, casting spells of his being and swinging, clearing the space around them.
There were hundreds, flocking towards the three who dared to live. Who dared to hope. They shrieked…
And were drowned out. Pisces was screaming louder, fighting. Eloque was howling back in their faces. Azam’s roar was loudest still. Pisces stabbed something and saw a shape as thin as cloth recoil, bursting into flames. He pointed and a [Deathbolt] put it to rest.
The horrors came for the gate as the three retreated through it. They came over the walls, but the trio held them back. They refused to die.
We are guiltless. We were like you.
Did the desperate, suffering things hear them? They attacked, tearing—Eloque cried out as something bit her across the side. Pisces nearly lost half the fingers on his right hand and his hand was bitten down to the bone as Azam tore it off him. The Djinni bled his magic to the night.
The horrors slowed. They looked at the Human, the Lizardwoman, the Djinni. Then they fell back, towards the keep. They looked back once.
Pisces saluted them with his sword. He didn’t know what to say. Eloque just dropped the blade, exhausted. Azam was the one who spoke.
“Tyrants and monsters die. Rest, chainbreakers.”
They stood there for a second. Then, Pisces turned. The rapier in his hands dissipated. He realized Azam had recalled his being. The Gold-rank adventurer tensed.
Azam stared down at him. He was still chained, and Igheriz’s slave, Pisces knew this. The [Necromancer] hesitated.
He was nearly out of magic. Yet if he—
“Azam. We have a chance. Igheriz isn’t here to command you. He doesn’t even know we’re alive. Not yet.”
Eloque whispered. She looked up at Azam. The Djinni stared down at her.
“I am his servant. I cannot flee; he calls me to him already. He will find you both.”
The Lizardwoman half-shook her head. She touched her collar, then looked at Pisces.
“You do not have to do his bidding now. Azam, please…”
The Djinni was still as Pisces stared at his face. He looked at Eloque. Then turned away. Azam began striding away from the keep.
“I do not. Run.”
Eloque watched him go, sagging in relief. Then she looked at Pisces. He nodded.
They ran. For a second…Pisces felt perfectly free.
 
—-
 
The two [Slaves] ran. Ran, into the night. The things didn’t follow far. They returned to the keep, breaking it into pieces. The Emir and his people never escaped. Not one.
Overnight, the Emir Riqre’s fortune and power disappeared. The things he had wrought bore him down.
