Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 9
It was odd how the jealousy and resentment of the first few weeks had faded into a universal expectation, Umina reflected. A number of students had not been happy about her snatching victory at the last moment, or Wil being awarded a question for his daring maneuver in bringing a fleet into Daquin. But the long delay had solidified the student body’s sympathy for Wil and Umina. Perhaps, all as the Titan had planned. You had to admire him if that was the case.
“So, have you both thought of your question?”
Yerranola was the first to break the ice. She leaned over the appetizers and drinks, staring at Wil and Umina. The other students glanced up expectantly. Umina paused in eating some of the shrimp.
“I—um, I think so!”
“Well?”
Kissilt demanded after a second. Marian nudged him hard.
“Don’t be an ass, Kissilt. It’s private!”
“Is it? We won’t know the answer.”
“It could be! If Umina doesn’t want to say—what about you, Wil?”
Wil nodded. He didn’t look as happy as Umina would have expected. He sipped from his lighter ale, picking at his corn bread side, richly buttered.
“All sorted. I know what I have to ask. I don’t have much of a choice on my part.”
“Oh. You mean—you’re going to ask on behalf of your family?”
Yerranola exhaled slowly. Everyone leaned out of the way of her corpse breath. It wasn’t too bad with fresh bodies, but—the Selphid apologetically waved a scent-charm in the air. Wil was nodding.
“My family pulled a lot of strings to get that fleet to move into Daquin. I can’t exactly ask a question for myself, can I?”
“But it’s the question. You can’t just ask on their behalf! Don’t you have a burning question you have to know the answer to?”
Merrik protested over his mug. Peki punched him. Not in the side; the Dwarf’s head rocked.
“Dead gods damnit, Peki! Don’t punch me in the jaw!”
“Don’t be rude.”
The [Martial Artist] looked at Wil. He was shaking his head.
“I’d like to, Merrik. But I’m a [Lord]. I have duties to my family.”
“Right.”
The Dwarf grimaced. Some of the other students not from Terandria looked perplexed, including Venaz.
“What’s that got to do with it?”
“Loyalty to his family and kingdom, Venaz. Wil has to put his desires behind what’s good for his family.”
Merrik sighed. He looked sympathetic. Venaz looked perplexed.
“I understand that. But this is an individual reward. One cannot expect Wil to give up all his desires. Let him ask his own question. What benefits him ultimately benefits his family. Isn’t that so?”
He looked around for support. Cameral was nodding, as were the Centaurs and Kissilt, but Feshi, Yerranola, and one of the other Terandrians were shaking their head. The Lizardpeople students were predictably, split. Wil sighed again, and Marian patted him on the shoulder.
“House Kallinad’s a coastal duchy, isn’t it, Wil? I know that the Kallinad family’s wealthy. You didn’t spend too much, did you?”
“It’s about prestige, Marian. If I gave nothing back to my family, they’d suffer politically more than financially.”
Feshi frowned, wrinkling her furry face. The Gnoll looked around.
“Duke…duke…it means punching something, yes? But it’s also a rank. I forget Human nobility’s titles so easily. What position is [Duke]?”
“Just below a [Prince]. It’s pretty much the highest rank of the nobility. Wil’s important.”
Yerranola grinned as she ruffled Wil’s hair. He let it happen, resigned. They were good friends, like Marian, Umina, and Venaz’s odd friendship.
