Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 3
Lyonette scolded both Goblin and Gnoll as she passed by, serving the precious ice cream to the Painted Soldiers. Both Hob and Gnoll child winced in their table and Mrsha, making low, insulting growling sounds, made a sign with her paws that made Numbtongue laugh. Lyonette looked back sharply and Mrsha disappeared as Numbtongue schooled his face to sobriety.
“What?”
“Nothing.”
He didn’t chat with Lyonette either. He talked with her, although the [Princess] was very busy. But he did talk with her—Numbtongue had the impression Lyonette was still a bit wary of him. Well, he was of her. But they respected each other. And she was one of two people he ever conversed with. The other was—
“No ice cream! Sorry, we’re making more! Give us uh, five, ten minutes!”
“What?”
Yellow Splatters and Numbtongue looked to the side. Erin was informing Pallass’ crowd of the delay. They were outraged, as were some of the Liscorites. Liscorians? They were giving the Antinium and Numbtongue the stink-eye. Numbtongue didn’t care. His eyes were on Erin. She was shaking her finger at an angry Garuda visible through the magic door.
The portal hurt Numbtongue’s eyes; if you walked to the side, it became two-dimensional, until it nearly disappeared. And from the back, the door was just…a door. Standing up with a crowd gathered around it. Weird. The portal only activated from the front.
Numbtongue shook his head. Erin. She was moving around the inn, talking to the odd Gnoll that smelled like a dozen potions, Grimalkin, Jelaqua and the huge armored…Dullahan named Maughin. She was the person that Numbtongue spoke with most often.
No matter what, if she was busy or he was out of the inn all day, Erin always tried to find at least ten minutes, an hour, to talk with Numbtongue. Even if it was only having dinner in the same room like she’d offered tonight. She was kind. But Numbtongue couldn’t chat with Erin.
He talked with her. She was that kind of person. She’d listen to Numbtongue’s adventures seriously, his worries, and what he wanted. And when he told her, Numbtongue was sure that Erin was listening. If he had told her about his struggles, about being unhappy in her inn, he was sure Erin would have made resolving his problems a priority of hers. His world became hers. But Numbtongue didn’t want that. He was afraid of Erin’s kindness, as much as the hatred of others. He loved to talk with her. But it was talk.
And yet—Numbtongue’s eyes went back to Yellow Splatters. He jumped, and realized the Soldier was staring at him. Had been for a while. The Painted Soldier put down his bowl and pushed it forwards. It was cleaned of all flies and melted ice cream, completely. Which was impressive; Yellow Splatters couldn’t lick his bowl clean like Numbtongue. The [Sergeant] nodded again.
“They truly do not notice that we listen.”
“Who?”
Numbtongue frowned for a moment before he recalled what Erin had said. He looked around at her and Lyonette, rushing back and forth.
“Oh. Friends.”
The [Sergeant] nodded. He delicately reached for a cup with one hand. Two of his other hands were resting on the table; the last was flicking a bit of food from his mandibles. Numbtongue watched, fascinated.
“I have much respect for Erin Solstice. She is…important to Pawn. And to the Painted Antinium. And me. But I believe she is wrong in this regard. We are not friends.”
He paused. Numbtongue blinked at him. The Hobgoblin shrugged.
“Goblins don’t have friends.”
The Antinium nodded.
“Indeed. The concept is foreign to Antinium. It is not a relationship that exists in the Hive.”
