Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 20
Doubtless, the Free Hive or Armored Hive had somehow acquired the weapon and decided to arm the [Crusaders] with it. Crusader 51 bet that whomever had found the weapon hadn’t known it was cursed.
He didn’t see any obvious effect, but no Soldier carrying it came back. It was like…a giant target on them. Enemy soldiers saw the zweihander and sought Crusader 57 out. [Archers] shot him. Officers marked him as a target.
So Crusader 51 didn’t greet the new Crusader 57. There was no point.
Crusader 53 did. He was still fighting, despite only having two arms on his left side. Tersk and Dekass had debated sending him back, but they had decided it was a waste of resources to organize.
However, the mace-wielding [Crusader] lived. Crusader 51 watched his back. Crusader 53 wouldn’t die.
He was gifted with his mace, one-armed or not. He could make the heavy weapon dance, swing it from target to target with as much grace as the crushing mace could have. He would cheerfully let Crusader 51 guard his right side while he smacked his opponents with two maces held by his left two hands.
Crusader 53 was cheerful. He went around fist-bumping all the new Soldiers and Workers, even in different squads. He was a silly Ant.
By now, Crusader 51 knew more things. Like, Antinium were ‘Ants’. That was what some people called them. He knew they were ‘in the soup’, which was heavy fighting. He understood you had to change your socks or your boots got bad.
Crusader 51 didn’t have socks, but he was close enough to the rest of Liscor’s army that he heard these things. Indeed, though he didn’t want to…he got to know some of the [Crusaders]. He did not want to know any but Crusader 53 because the rest would die, but he kept seeing their faces.
And it seemed as though the war made some of the Antinium…odd. Crusader 51 began to make a list in his head as he played with pillbugs. The silly little things curled up as if that would save them. But they uncurled if you held perfectly still for five minutes, and then they’d nibble at some of his rations, just a little smudge of it.
Crusader 51 had seventeen he kept in a little pouch meant for the healing potion he’d never gotten re-issued. Crusader 53 thought they were rations. Crusader 53 ate every bug he caught.
Crusader 51 did not. He was apparently an [Insect Feeder]. But that wasn’t anything special. The really weird Workers and Soldiers who survived battles? Well…some were bad Antinium.
 
——
 
They were locked together, he and the Gnoll. They had both stabbed each other through their armor. 
[Faith is My Strength]. Crusader 51 tried to shove the Gnoll back, but he wasn’t much stronger. Just a bit. And the Gnoll was big.
They were cursing, trying to pull the blade out and angle it for a better cut. It hurt. Crusader 51 realized the Gnoll was going to pull the blade out and run him through. So he twisted the sword in the Gnoll and heard the scream. He kept twisting…kept sawing into the bloody flesh as the Gnoll did the same.
He was faster. Crusader 51 yanked the blade out and turned. He looked around. Where was Squad 5? Crusader 57 was dead again. Crusader 53 bashed in an opponent’s head as Crusader 51 heard Tersk shouting for them to advance, adva—
 
——
 
The Liscorian [Soldiers] were sitting around, chatting. Humans, Drakes, Gnolls. But they were not just their species. One Human was trying to cook his food over a fire even more than it was already.
“It’s not crisp enough.”
“Any more crisp and it’ll be charcoal. Listen, I’m a Drake. We invented Firebreath Whiskey and Fire Shots. You’re burning your food. It’s broccoli.”
