Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 60
He nodded at Igheriz. Pisces sighed.
“Very well. The spellbook. Why do you ask? Do you see something I do not?”
The Djinni nodded.
“Power. The blaze of it allowed me to find you, as much as the spell that carried you here. For a moment, I beheld its full power as the teleportation spell wore off. But now it is cloaked.”
He nodded to Igheriz, who had secured the book to his saddle, not trusting it to the bag of holding. Wisely; it might be easy to run off with here, but woe to anyone who touched it with bare hands. And the bag of holding might not be able to hold such a relic. Azam hesitated.
“It was so powerful. Like a…beacon. I could see it blaze with power from far away. Had we not found you, someone else would have.”
Pisces could believe that. Perhaps there was a way to mute the power; yet if not leashed, no doubt it was an artifact beyond belief. He wondered what Azam had seen.
“Powerful death magic?”
“Powerful magic. Did you see the Putrid One?”
“Yes. I saw him die. He was alive—but we woke him. He died. I took the spellbook from his possessions. Right there, on the table. It may be his.”
Pisces had not told anyone that. Azam looked at him.
“I think it is. So that is the Putrid One’s relic. Do you know, I knew him as he lived. I was…born…shortly after him. Though it took many, many years before he grew to power.”
“You knew his legend?”
Azam nodded. Pisces looked up at him.
“Tell me?”
The Djinni hesitated. The Aethertravel spirit bent down. He searched for words, and then spoke.
“He grew to power. He grew to discontent amongst his people. He fought them and killed them. Then other peoples. In time, the world quaked at his name. Then they beat him back. They hounded him and slew him in that place and buried his name.”
He met Pisces’ gaze. The [Necromancer] tried to stir himself, chains or not.
“That tells me nothing!”
“That tells you everything. He was like many. I remembered only one fact about him that I ever cared to know.”
“What?”
Azam leaned down, down, and whispered to Pisces.
“The Putrid One is but a name. One [Necromancer]. He lived and died. That spellbook? He stole it from one of us.”
Then Azam rose and walked onwards. He ignored Pisces’ every question. For that was all Azam wanted to know.
Two more days remained until the city, and Pisces learned a day away that a carpet was prepared for him. He laughed, too tired for words.
 
—-
 
All watched Pisces the next day. Such that Azam wouldn’t have been able to talk, even if he was so inclined. He strode ahead, staring at the sky, head turned as it always was, when not swivelling for threats.
The other [Slaves] were quiet. Eloque had a blank look in her eyes. She watched the [Guards] and Igheriz mock Pisces, but they were too careful. The [Necromancer] was silent…if he had a plan or was able to do something…
No. He shifted once and they were on him, checking to make sure if he was hiding something. Eloque closed her eyes. She saw the other [Slaves] had returned to their lot. Cawe and Bearig walked together, but Cawe didn’t snap at the [Cook] as usual. He was still himself.
Pisces had healed his bones, and the [Cook] looked at Pisces with sadness. Cawe…she pretended everything was alright. Even joked with the guards. She went as far as to nudge one with an elbow when he was complaining about being shorthanded.
“Better than this hand, eh? Or do you want Pisces to fix you up before he goes?”
She flexed her digited talons. He blinked, laughed, then cuffed her, but gently. She staggered past him as he shook his head.
