Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 35
“We’ve got them. Surround them—I want a [Shieldline Wall] there. Get me Archer Squad 2. Oh! Someone just shot their officer! Lucky!”
The Drake crowed as a fluke arrow nailed one of the officers through the eye. Artur watched as he eagerly set up a killing zone, funneling the unlucky vanguard through two [Shield Walls] in a V-formation while archers shot straight down the center.
And he never saw the [Riders] on the left. Bepol had a far larger group to deal with, and he might win the battle if he ate enough of Hectval’s own or made them surrender.
Artur’s gaze strayed left. He saw Significant Beavers on the flanks. They hadn’t spotted the [Riders] using boulders as partial cover either. They were locked on the warriors ahead of them.
Of course they were. Everyone had tunnel vision in a battle where death came one way. But Artur saw it. He could only watch and defend himself.
“Commander Bepol. Commander Bepol. The left…”
The Drake didn’t hear him. Artur raised his voice—looked down the hill. Bepol was surrounded by his people. He didn’t hear! Artur’s flag wavered.
 
——
 
Significant Beavers was skirmishing with Hectval’s [Soldiers] in a scrum. Some bastard was flicking [Light Arrow] spells at their ranks, so everyone had their shields up, guarding their faces.
“Someone get me a javelin. I’ll nail that bastard!”
Utel was growling. That was the same Drake who put a hole in her leg yesterday! Satel was passing one up when they heard a shout.
It was a loud roar, not from their regular Squad Leader, but off and to the left. Satel had never heard the voice before, but it called to them by name.
“Significant Beavers! Flanking charge! On your left!”
The squad whirled. The front line with Jordes began to disengage, but the voice shouted.
“First rank, hold! Second rank, pivot! Javelins! Third rank, forwards after the javelins and brace! Spears up!”
Who was shouting that? No time for questions. Satel tossed the spear, and Utel whirled. She hurled a javelin, and one of the [Riders] went down.
“That poor horse—”
She growled in dismay, for she’d hit the screaming animal. But then the [Riders] were charging. Satel anchored his pike, and the [Riders] tried to swerve. They were peeling off! So the voice roared.
“Arrogant Wyrms, cut them off! [Archers], loose!”
A squad behind Significant Beavers cut across the [Riders], and then the fighting caught the charging horses off-guard. A volley of arrows and over half the riders were down. Satel ran forwards to mercy-kill a screaming horse, but Utel yanked him out of the way.
“Hold on! Hold on! Healing potion!”
She got kicked for it, but the horse saw the arrows in its side yanked out, and stood up, shakily, as the Gnoll held its head and stroked its flank.
Significant Beavers fell back from the front as Bepol saw the disturbance and rotated them out. However, Satel kept looking around for who had spoken.
“Which officer was that? I’ve never heard that voice. They were right on the money, though.”
Jordes was nursing a cut on his arm. He looked around, frowning.
“I don’t see anyone else…maybe it was one of 4th?”
There was no one about. The only other person was…Satel blinked.
“Artur? What are you doing on the front? Get back behind the lines!”
The Worker with the familiar flag looked at Satel and nodded. He marched back as Utel frowned at him. Satel looked at her and then Artur and frowned.
“It couldn’t be…”
 
——
 
[Conditions Met: Flag Bearer → Banner Leader Class!]
[Banner Leader Level 17!]
[Skill – Unit: Moment of Frenzy obtained!]
 
