Interlude – Embria
Page 2
Vell got up and reached for her belt pouch. She slapped a handful of hard, brown, objects onto Kesa’s plate. The other officers eyed the objects dubiously; Vell was known to pull a lot out of her belt pouches, and it was very rarely wise to eat what came out.
Kesa the Gnoll sniffed along with a few other Gnolls at the table. She wrinkled her nose, but picked up one of the little objects.
“What is this? It looks like a bean. Do I put it in my drink?”
“Hah. No. Just eat them. Grind them up and swallow. They’re a natural wake-up supplement. I bought them from Oteslia a while back and I use them sometimes when we’re out of tea or I need to wake up.”
Kesa blinked.
“What, from the Walled City? Really?”
“No, scales-for-brains. The other Oteslia. Not the one we’ve been fighting with and against for the last two years.”
The Gnoll sniffed.
“Hrr. No need to be rude. What kind of beans are so…hard? And small?”
Vell shrugged.
“They were actually green. See, they’re good for energy, but they were starting to rot. So I tossed them in a pan and fried them up. To get rid of the moldy spots.”
All of the [Soldiers] stared at Vell. She scowled.
“Don’t give me that! It works! Anyways, they work. Try it.”
She glared at Kesa. The Gnoll hesitated, but Vell was her superior. The things you did for rank. Embria watched sympatheticall as Kesa delicately popped three of the bean-things into her mouth and began to chew. Embria heard some loud crunching, and then Kesa made a face. She took a gulp of tea as Embria sipped hers.
Today’s breakfast included some pickled fish, preserved from the spring. It went really well with some roasted onions, a few greens, and all put together with a Gnollish sauce that had enough spice to really make the mouth water. The biscuit was a wonderful carrier for the concoction and Embria chewed, watching Kesa make a face.
“Eugh. Bitter. Almost as bad as stamina potions. How long does it take?”
“Few minutes. But you’ll wake up. Go on. Have the handful.”
Kesa did as she began to eat the rest of her breakfast. After a few minutes, she did indeed perk up.
“That is better than stamina potions, yes? Say, Captain, would you mind lending them to me?”
Vell nodded. She spilled more beams onto the table from a pouch dedicated to holding them.
“Take ‘em. I’ve got tons. Apparently they’re from some Balerosian plant that Oteslia imported. Those [Gardeners] grow all kinds of things and this stuff isn’t popular. Good travel pick-me-up, though.”
“You keep anything else you want to share in one of those pouches, Vell?”
Another [Captain] leaned over, looking interested. He was male, one of four [Captains] left in 4th Company since their battle at Liscor. Traditionally, that number of [Captains] would have demanded a huge regiment of [Soldiers], but Liscor’s army was somewhat unique. It relied on high-level officer classes and a very small army of sitting [Soldiers]. In fact, Liscor’s army was more of a force-multiplier. If it led a larger force of low-level [Soldiers], it was incredibly deadly.
Vell scowled and placed a hand over her belt.
“Nothing I’m offering you, Pielt. Only my squad gets to share my stuff. You want to get something? You should have gotten it at Oteslia before we crossed half the damn continent.”
“Aw, come on Vell. Not everyone saves their coin—”
“What are you, a [Soldier] with his first month of back pay? Pass me that gravy boat and I might give you something.”
“…The butter?”
“Yup. Out of my scales.”
