Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 3
The hallway was as shabby as this one. Vors stepped out into it.
“Hello?”
Where were the orderlies? The [Tacticians]? Someone to run messages? Was someone playing a prank on him? He walked out, wondering if this was, in fact, some kind of Demon-attack. No. Not in Paranfer. Still…he edged out a bit further, casting a cantrip to locate others.
To Vors’ surprise, he felt the spell bounce right back with a contact and then someone probe him. Vors whirled, and a door opened.
“Strange. Is this some kind of test?”
A door right next to Vors’ opened and—a Lamia slithered out. Vors instantly recoiled, and saw the Lamia, with decorated armor over her scales, do likewise, but in surprise.
She was wearing armor over orange-and-green scales, a very colorful mix, unlike that of Drakes, who were monochrome by and large. The Lamia had some kind of intricate paint insignia on her side, and her serpentine body ran down to a tail; no legs. She was a Lamia.
Lizardfolk. Vors’ jaw instantly clenched. He’d known he’d have to serve alongside them, but of all the coincidences—!
“Greetings, Miss. General Vors of Fissival. Are you in charge here? Do you know where the High Command is?”
She eyed Vors and lowered the object she’d been holding. A staff with shards of glass embedded at the top; clearly magical.
“Not at all. I am [Battlemage]-[Commander] Tusxe of the Roving Fireball company, contracted to fight for Rhir for the duration of the war. You’re…from Izril?”
“Fissival. The Walled City of Magic? Greetings.”
Vors crossed his arms, unwilling to shake the hand of one of the Drakes’ enemies. An old one, true, but the wars they’d fought…
To his surprise, the Lamia just nodded coolly.
“A pleasure. You’ve just arrived? I did as well. Do you know where the leadership is?”
“I was just asking. I’ve been waiting for twenty minutes. Well, do excuse me. I’m off to see why this place is so empty.”
“Really.”
Her tone made Vors draw up. He turned back to the Lamia and saw her raise both brows.
“Something the matter, Miss?”
“That’s Battlemage Commander, General. I’m just impressed you waited ‘twenty minutes’. That’s the famous Drake impatience for you, I suppose.”
The Drake’s brows crossed instantly.
“I suppose you’ve been waiting longer?”
“Nearly an hour.”
“An hour? And you just stayed here?”
He was incredulous. Tusxe frowned at him.
“I hardly twiddled my thumb-claws, thank you. I was practicing magic until your spell bounced off my wards. You need to put yours up, incidentally. And why shouldn’t I wait?”
The [Magic General] blushed at the omission, but he was irritated and growing more so.
“I came here to fight for Rhir against the Demons and represent Izril. My time is not to be wasted lightly, Battlemage Commander.”
She smiled thinly.
“And I suppose your time is far more valuable than Rhir’s High Command’s? We are outsiders, General Vors. If they have a reason to make us wait, I am willing to wait rather than disrupt their chain of command. It might be there’s a crisis.”
“All the more reason to know about it.”
“Why? So you can lead your army through an unfamiliar city and not know who’s fighting who, what they look like, and without communicating your intent? You’ve never fought in unfamiliar territory, have you?”
He had not, being familiar with most of the battlegrounds Fissival chose. The Drake turned red right under his scales. The two glared at each other; well, Tusxe had a slight smirk on her face.
