Interlude – Two Rats
Page 14
“You’re quick to change your tune, Lism! I thought this was ‘about the Antinium’. You’re just throwing anything you can out in hopes you can distract from the real argument! But if you like, I’ll personally guarantee that if I take office, I’ll have that Minotaur executed as he should be. Are you satisfied with—”
She broke off, frowning. Mrsha heard the voice, quieter, but distinctly. Erin. She was shouting up at Krshia on her platform. And Mrsha saw Erin’s wide eyes and the look on her face. Krshia bent. And her expression told Mrsha many things.
“What’s that, Silverfang? Lost your tongue?”
Krshia didn’t reply. She’d turned off her magical enhancement to her voice. But Mrsha and Raekea—all of the Gnolls in the crowd could hear what Erin and Krshia were saying. Mrsha paused. Raekea stared.
“Let him live? What on earth is your Human saying? Mrsha—”
She looked down. The white Gnoll was trembling, holding onto her rats. And Krshia was snapping at Erin. But the [Innkeeper] was raising her arms, making an ‘x’. And the look on her face was set. Krshia straightened and stared blankly for a second.
“Well?”
Lism was crowing. Because Olesm had seen the back-and-forth. And he’d stepped forwards to whisper in his uncle’s ear. Because he could see it. No—Mrsha could see it. The rats could see it.
A flaw. There stood Erin. And on her face was written one thing. And all of the things she’d brought—the Pallassian [Senators], the door to the Walled City itself, her support of Krshia—it all teetered. And the Gnoll stared down at Erin.
“I must discuss this. Excuse me, everyone. I will not be long.”
She muttered with her enchanted voice and then turned it off and leapt from the stage. Lism and his four cohorts crowed in exultation and the crowd murmured. The Gnolls especially. Mrsha just stared as Krshia grabbed Erin and the two began to argue fiercely as Selys hurried over.
It couldn’t be. But Mrsha knew Erin. She knew Ceria. Sometimes, the half-Elf came back, smelling of him. But it could not be.
“Let him live? Was that what she said?”
Raekea’s growl of fury made even some other Gnolls shrink back. The [Armorer]’s arms tensed and Mrsha saw heads turning to Lism. He certainly wasn’t about to give Krshia a break. On stage, he began shouting, free from interruption.
“You heard it, folks! Honorable Krshia would let that Minotaur remain in jail, free as a damned bird for killing our citizens! No—worse! Have you heard what he did? Would any of you let that monster walk free another second? I say, let’s kill him, but make the execution fit the crime! Get some oil, boil it, and boil him, one inch at a time for a day!”
“That’s right! Justice for Liscor’s Gnolls!”
One of the Drakes standing besides Lism howled, and it was Gnolls and Drakes who shouted with him. And not one Gnoll in the crowd would argue against that. Mrsha was trembling. She stared at Erin.
No. But yes. Erin was shaking her head. Krshia was tearing at her fur. Selys looked conflicted. And Watch Captain Zevara—every head turned towards her as she climbed onto Krshia’s vacated stage.
“Shopkeeper Lism! What did you just say you’d do to my prisoner?”
She bellowed straight into a speaking gem she’d snatched from Elirr. The crowd winced because Zevara barely needed the gem to begin with. Lism hesitated, but, like him or hate him, he didn’t back down even with the Watch Captain shouting at him.
“Watch Captain Zevara, I admire your restraint! But this is a matter of public decency! Of justice! That Minotaur—”
“Shopkeeper Lism! I don’t recall seeing your face in my damn mirror this morning!”
