Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 46
“Oh no. The steel—”
Nsiia turned. The axe head was buried in Hammera’s chest. She was clearly trying to figure out what to do too. Nsiia saw the metal haft…
“You made it out of metal?”
She stared at the battleaxe. It was steel—adjusted to Dellic’s specifications and hers. But they had made the battleaxe out of steel, rather than giving it a wooden haft.
“Why not?”
Se looked at Nsiia. The [Exile] was horrified.
“You can’t make it out of steel! No wonder it broke! It should have been wood! It would have flexed! You could have replaced the hafts! You—”
Everyone was staring at the battle. Femithain rose, his face grave.
“Can you call for a break?”
“There aren’t rules for that.”
Dellva’s representatives were trying, but the referee—who was from Elbe—was denying it. People began shouting from Dellva’s stands, but Hammera was rising. The axe head fell from her chest as she swung her hammer up.
Domehead began backing up. He kept swinging his broken axe, but paused each time, realizing, perhaps, that there was no axe. Femithain was hurrying around to argue with the referee—but it was too late.
Hammera charged. Domehead backed up, going into his defensive routines. He dodged backwards, practically running away, evading. He was fast. But he had no way to attack. He kept—running into that logical loop as he tried to swing the axe. Femithain had never given him a routine to find another weapon. It hadn’t occurred to him.
It hurt to see. Hammera doggedly cornered Domehead as half the stadium booed, demanding a stop for a weapon replacement. But the referee wasn’t calling it a problem. The axe was part of Domehead. Therefore, it’s breaking was not a problem. Also, go fuck yourselves, Elbe was going to win again.
That was what Nsiia understood past all the pedantic nitpicking of the rules. Femithain was actually shaking with fury.
“Do we call a stop?”
“No. We let it go. If Elbe wants to win this way—let them!”
The Crafters watched as Domehead was cornered. Hammera raised her maul and brought it down. Domehead dodged. Then he took a blow to the shoulder.
“Cheaters! Cowards!”
Dellva’s crowd was screaming, but this was Elbe’s turf and they drowned out the opposition with cheers. Nsiia was just staring at Domehead.
He was twitching. Trying to do something with the axe’s haft. She saw a glow in one of the crystals of the Golem’s head. And he lunged. The broken haft extended in a thrust!
“Attack Routine #11!”
Se stared. Domehead lunged at Hammera’s dented chest—
And she smashed the point of the maul into his chest and tore it open.
Silence. Elbe’s crowd cheered, and Dellva’s went silent. Domehead lay on the ground and Hammera yanked the metal cavity open. His heart—no. The heart remained, but she’d just destroyed so many magical bindings. Nsiia sat back down. Hammera raised her maul for the final blow. Too high—showy—
Domehead surged up and caught Hammera’s hand. The crystals in his dome glowed. Nsiia saw him bring his other hand up—
And he belted Hammera in the face.
The audience went silent. Nsiia stared. Hammera staggered. She brought the maul back down. Tried to strike.
Domehead walked sideways and struck her in the chin with a palm. Hammera rocked and backed up again.
“What’s happening?”
Se, Femithain—everyone was staring. But Nsiia saw Dellic jerk and look up. At her. They knew.
This was—Domehead lunged again and grabbed Hammera’s hand as she tried to swing. He punched her in the face a second time! It was an exact copy of what Nsiia had tried to do to Dellic in the sparring match!
“The backup routines!”
