Interlude – Relationships
Page 31
They reminded Liscor’s people of no debts. Redscar spoke no history or bitter words. For him, what would have been the point? He simply stood awhile as the Goblins outside the gates watched.
As if he were a [Soothsayer], trying to see a future that might have been.
 
——
 
A Goblin in Liscor. But know that this was only the beginning.
For an [Innkeeper] was coming. Now, she was so close that her inn felt it.
Dismounting Goblins who were leaping off saddles and helping down other less-experienced riders looked up in alarm at a sound. They reached for blades as a small Goblin held up a claw. It was no attack. The Antinium in the tower was waving at them and envying their pet birds.
The inn. The front door had swung open. The clacking sound was of every shuttered window swinging open too and a door to a garden appearing against one wall. A Goblin with a [Chef]’s hat, nervously clutching a pack of tools, oohed. More hopefuls chattered, checked they had everything, and rushed forwards excitedly.
Inside the inn, a Gnoll glanced up as his sister ran to tell him there were Goblins.
Liska found Ishkr carefully preparing two chalkboards, the kind of which hung over the inn’s bar.
“Ishkr! I said there are a hundred Goblins and Wyverns outside!”
“Huh. The stables won’t fit the Wyverns. I’ll have food ready in a moment. Hold on. Take this sign and hang it up.”
Liska stared at him, nearly tearing her fur out.
“Did you hear me? What’s this?”
“Adjusted prices.”
Ishkr pointed at the menu overhead, and Liska saw he’d cut all the prices on the menu. Then he held out another board with identical items and began to write new numbers. He was marking everything up by 100%.
“What’s that board for?”
Ishkr sighed as his sister failed to even help him in one small way. As usual. He carefully wrote a price on the board.
“Goblin prices. Party prices. I’m getting ready. Can you at least hold the door to Invrisil open? Liska? Can you at least do that?”
 
——
 
Something was coming to Liscor. To the inn.
That something, well, one of the somethings, was a screaming [Innkeeper]. She was blurring across the city, the wheels of her chair spinning so fast they created a mirage where they looked like one solid object. She was leaning back—because Shriekblade was tilting the chair back and pushing.
It made Erin feel like at any second she would somersault backwards out of her chair and turn into paste. She was screaming as they zoomed past a City Runner sprinting towards the Runner’s Guild. The woman slowed and stared as she saw an [Innkeeper] moving at possibly fifty miles per hour, just missing pedestrians.
“Left! No, right! That street! We’re gonna crash!”
They were headed straight for a wall. And if Shriekblade stopped the wheelchair, Erin died because there was no seatbelt. Instead, she got a glimpse of how fast Shriekblade was. The Named-rank saw the brick wall, so she ran ahead of the wheelchair as she turned it left.
But sheer momentum kept the wheels—now in danger of being destroyed from friction—drifting towards the wall. So Shriekblade leapt up, braced herself against the wall, and pushed as the wheelchair came within mere feet of it.
All so fast that it looked to bystanders as if Erin suddenly did a 90-degree turn at the speed of—
“Aaaaaaaaaaaa—”
Then she was gone, terrorizing another street as she headed towards the inn. But what was really happening was that things were setting up.
An [Innkeeper] rolling through Invrisil on an adventurer-powered wheelchair? Goblins in Liscor?
