Interlude – Embria
Page 11
On the streets, Lism and Krshia’s supporters engaged in shouting matches in the early morning. The Drake [Shopkeeper], severely on the back foot after the drama of yesterday, tried to make his case to a city full of people. The 4th Company marched. But so did the Antinium. And the giant who led them attracted every eye.
There was something to see everywhere. In her inn, Erin tried to teach Klbkch and Mrsha how to make pancakes. In her inn, Lyonette stopped a fire. Three times. In her office, Zevara got some very irate [Messages] from a lot of cities. And the High Command. Olesm got back with Pisces from a night in Pallass and an adventure involving a [Librarian] to find out…everything…had changed. In her shop, Octavia paid the protection fee and sat under her counter. Her shop was closed.
And among it all, two Drakes met on a small street outside of an apartment. Theirs was not an important, exciting event. It was quiet. In fact, neither one said anything for a second when they met.
He was big. Not just tall; he had height, but the impression he gave was of musculature, not stature. His scales were light-green.
She was shorter than him, but only by a bit. And she had muscles, but she didn’t give off the same impression. If her posture and body indicated anything, it was her profession. He slouched; her back was straight as the spears that neither one carried at the moment. Her scales were crimson, vibrant.
Neither Drake looked particularly comfortable out of their gear and in casual clothing. And their idea of casual clothing was…Relc stared at his daughter’s cream-colored tunic and leggings. She eyed his slightly syrup-spotted front and worn clothes.
“Hey.”
“Good morning. You’re late.”
Relc started guiltily.
“Oh. Sorry. I uh, had breakfast. At The Wandering Inn. Uh, how was your day? Just get up?”
He smiled hopefully. Embria eyed him. Her lips did not feel the need to reciprocate the smile.
“I’ve been up for a while.”
“Really? Doing what?”
“Morning training. Or have you forgotten?”
“Uh…”
Relc scratched his neck-spines. Embria stared at him silently. When he didn’t respond, she jerked her head challengingly.
“Never mind. Let’s go. Do you have anywhere you want to go today?”
“I could go to a few spots. I have some shopping to do. What about you?”
Relc trailed after Embria. She shook her head and slowed down to accommodate his amble.
“I’m free. Where to?”
“Market—no, wait, that’s probably crowded. Let’s go to the [Trader]’s stalls.”
“Fine by me.”
The two proceeded along the street. It wasn’t anything like the quick march that Embria was used to, and she kept stepping too fast for Relc, whose leisurely stroll sped up for her. The two Drakes glanced at each other and both sought for conversation topics. Relc was first.
“So. Heck of a thing. These elections, huh?”
“They’re something. You aren’t for them, are you?”
The younger Drake eyed her father. Relc held up his claws.
“Hey. I’m staying out of it. I’m surprised Captain Z backed it, to be honest. She usually says the Watch should stay out of politics.”
“I’d like to know why she’s trying to push for the elections myself. I understand what she wants, but is this the way to do it?”
Relc gave a shrug that was the opposite of eloquent. He gazed at Embria.
“So…I heard you were marching for that Lism guy. The army’s not for the elections or Krshia, huh?”
Her regular pace faltered a beat, and then picked up.
“I had orders. From High Command. I’m carrying them out. You know how it is.”
“Sure. Sure.”
Embria coughed.
