Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 41
Effective immediately, you are recalled to Liscor on my authority as Watch Captain of Liscor. Watch Captain Terigrals has approved the transfer and you may proceed with your own transportation, or arrangements via the Merchant’s Guild. 
–Zevara, Watch Captain
 
She wanted to add that any of Terigrals’ notes wouldn’t stick in his record. That she would have his badge if she could manage it, and that she wanted him back and his return was with honors as far as she saw it. He could give a full accounting then.
However. The letter sat on her desk, clumsily written—sent via City Runner days ago. That was then. He had to know what the city looked like, what the Watch was made of. Nevertheless.
 
Dear Watch Captain Zevara,
I, Relc Grasstongue, amazing Senior Guardsman, must respectfully decline to return to Liscor at this time. I believe Cellidel needs a Senior Guard who doesn’t have his tail up his ass. When it’s over, I’ll come back. I can help out here, a bit. Respectfully,
–Relc, [Guardsman of Trust]. (See? I leveled up!)
 
She smiled as she read it again. Was this really Relc? It couldn’t be. Then again—she sat back.
“I need a Street Runner to find Wing Commander Embria. Tell her it’s a personal matter. Correspondence.”
One of the [Guards] working desk-duty shouted back.
“Is it Relc? Is that idiot finally getting his tail back over here? We miss him!”
Zevara hesitated. Then she smiled.
“That’s Senior Guardsman Relc to you, Jeiss! No. He’s got an assignment to finish. We’ll hold his locker. Now. Get back to work!”
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This is the Relc-chapter. It is not all of the Relc-chapter, as you can see. I actually managed to not get to 30k this time.
More importantly, it’s a different Relc-chapter from when I first came up with it. I hope it’s good. I’m planning on taking my break after next chapter.
Yes, I know. The vaccine was a ‘break’, but it sucked. I’m still not fully-rested from the village-Horns raid, so I feel like we need a quiet chapter for once. Will that happen? We’ll see, but rest matters for chapters like these.
So much going on. Situational stories. Drama, violence, Relc. That’s Volume 8 for you, but it’s also about pacing. I’m fighting to keep a balance, but I hope you like your side story! Once I have my rest, I’ll come back with more ambition! More energy!
One more chapter for now. Thanks for reading!
 
Ryoka’s Flight by LightResonance, commissioned by pirateaba!

 

