Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 18
“It would appear that Klbkchhezeim’s statements about the Free Antinium’s potential were not exaggerated at all. Although I had supreme confidence in his words, the proof is undeniable. Even if it is one among five thousand—that is a far more acceptable gain than even Prognugator-based creation.”
The Silent Queen was fascinated by everything and demanded constant updates. The Free Queen liked her, as a fellow student of Bessachidia, the last great Shaper Queen she had known. Even if the Silent Queen thought she was superior.
“Purely random. One instance is not a statistic but an outlier.”
“Except that a [Banner Leader] has been created. And the existence of the Painted Antinium. The loss of this Crusader 51 is unfortunate.”
The Armored Queen’s dolorous tones sounded next, and the huffing Grand Queen fell silent. What she didn’t say, what they were all realizing, was that the Free Antinium were passing even the Free Queen’s wildest boasts.
“The benefit is undeniable. I still weigh it as too costly considering Xrn’s injuries. Is she well, Free Queen?”
The Grand Queen managed at last, and the Free Queen clicked her mandibles with the other Queens. She could not deny that, but she resented the fact that the Grand Queen made it a point of comparison at all.
“She is…stable, Grand Queen. I believe she will speak to you privately.”
Stable. The Grand Queen instantly changed the subject, but the other two Queens seemed less focused on her, and more on Pawn, the report.
Crusader 51, Squad 5. The Free Queen had not known his name, but it was being read through all of Liscor. She wondered…
“Pawn. What would be appropriate for the commendation of this [Crusader]? I do not know how a military commendation is to be received.”
She muted the Grand Queen as she spoke to Pawn. The Antinium looked up.
“He is dead, my Queen. I would love to honor him, but I have nothing but his name to write on the Memory Wall. Perhaps though…”
He hesitated, and looked at Garry.
“Dekass did write, um, a request. Could Crusader 51 possibly be…returned? Via the Rite of Anastases?”
The Grand Queen had heard that. She stopped speaking, and the Free Queen’s feelers moved slightly. All four Queens moved their antennae, and the Silent Queen answered.
“Individual Pawn of the Antinium. Given the nature of your…rank, you are privy to Antinium secrets. This is one which you will not divulge. However, in the interest of preserving the Free Antinium’s war strength, is it acceptable to tell him, Grand Queen…?”
“Granted.”
She answered shortly. The Silent Queen rubbed her top-most feelers together.
“The Rite of Anastases is a highly intensive process a Queen may undertake. It is costly in far more resources than are acceptable for all but Prognugators or fellow Queens…”
“Not that we could repair their bodies.”
“No. But it was considered—”
“Silence.”
That was straying too close to where the Twisted Queen’s radical thinking had gone to. The risks…but having a mobile, small body? The Free Queen saw Pawn and Garry look from Queen to Queen.
The Silent Queen hurried on.
“…It requires more than simply one or more Queen’s efforts, however. The Drakes are not aware that to preserve a life, the Antinium who perishes must be within the authority of a Queen. Within the range of a Unitasis Network or…close to a Prognugator trained in linking with a Queen.”
Pawn digested that. His antennae drooped.
“Oh. Then Crusader 51 and the others were lost. I wondered if…”
He glanced at the Free Queen.
“Could Dekass and Tersk not have done it? They were on the front—”
