Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 30
“People are saying Senior Guardsman Relc was going around giving money back. It’s got them worried, all I’m saying.”
“Relc said that? No way.”
“I’m telling you—this city’s getting weirder. Faugh. First a Lizardperson [Architect]—now this game of football? At least he can fix the sewers.”
The Drake talking with the other adults looked confused.
“They’ve been clearer than ever. What’s your problem?”
The Gnoll woman held her nose.
“It’s been smelling lately. Can’t you smell it?”
The Drakes, and some of the Gnolls shook their heads. The Gnoll woman grumbled.
“Anyways, I’m just saying. I might get out of the Golden Triangle. Give no more money—maybe ask for a refund. What do you all think?”
So caught up were the adults that they didn’t notice the gang moving up the street. Drakes and Gnolls, walking casually. But their eyes were locked on Mrsha. The white Gnoll was racing higher, with Ekirra’s ball in an impromptu game of ‘capture the flag’. She giggled as Drassi entered the gossip.
“I’m telling you all. The Golden Triangle is bad news. I heard it from Erin myself. And Ryoka. You want to get out—they were telling Relc about it—”
She too didn’t notice the gang. They were coming up the street, murmuring.
“Get to the safe house. Whoever grabs…the rest split up. They’ll be smelling, so throw down scent-destroying vials. Don’t let the kid howl. [Silence] spells. Got it?”
The others nodded. They squared their shoulders, relieved they weren’t the ones selected to go after Relc, or the inn. They walked forwards, hands disappearing into pockets or their sides.
At a time like this, there was no Ryoka Griffin. She was out, looking for Relc. Erin Solstice was in her inn. And a second gang was lingering outside the magic door, peeking inside at her. The Horns of Hammerad were in Invrisil. Griffon Hunt was preparing to journey away. The other teams weren’t there.
No magic, no heroes. No miracles, either. There were only the [Thugs]. They looked at each other. Then, one with a hat adjusted it.
“Before we begin, gentlemen, I wonder if we’d have a quick chat insofar as it came to the kidnapping of little Gnolls.”
The others stopped. The posh voice and the hat didn’t match them. And the Gnoll looked at them.
No miracles. Just…a serendipitous meeting. Not for them, either. They recoiled. The [Thug] had stolen among them like a shadow.
“Who are you? Soot didn’t send you!”
One of them backed away. Wilovan smiled. He was tall. And he had a polished club of his own at his side. He tipped a hat to them.
“Gentlemen. You can call me an interested friend. And my job is to safeguard a few good folk. That child isn’t one of my priorities, but she is a child as it were. And my partner and I agree—there is good business and bad. And this is bad business, sirs. Kidnapping a child? For shame.”
He was so polite. The gang shifted uncomfortably. One of them reached for a wand.
“Back off.”
There was one of him and eleven of them. Wilovan sighed. He adjusted his hat.
“Sirs. Let’s not cause a fuss. Why don’t we walk into the alleyway over there and talk things out? I represent The Brothers of Serendipitous Meetings. Surely we can come to an arrangement?”
“We’re with Mr. Soot.”
One of them snarled. Another jumped, knowing the name. Wilovan saw them eying each other, faces set. He sighed.
“The alleyway, gentlemen.”
He gestured. The gang followed him. They spread out, two watching for others. Wilovan slowly removed his hat. He looked at the others as they filed into the alleyway. And the [Dangersenses] began to go off. But it was too late. The Gnoll looked around.
