Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 7
“Lips sealed. If it gets out, it’s through them, but I’m not mentioning anything to Magus Grimalkin.”
Palt instantly nodded, tracing a line across his face that shimmered in the air. Erin scratched at her head.
“Okay. Aside from what Grimalkin told you, let me tell you about…protein shakes. Which are the most disgusting things in the world. Also—eating raw eggs. Um…punching bags. Hydration?”
The Centaur had produced a series of notes and he was transcribing with a magical quill that seemed to be recording Erin’s words automatically as he added notes. He looked up.
“I think I know hydration. But go on.”
“You drink water to live. No water is bad for the muscles and brain and stuff.”
“…Yes. I think we have that.”
“Also, if you drink too much water you’ll die.”
The [Illusionist] paused, a second quill in hand.
“Say what now?”
 
—-
 
Half an hour of questions and answers later, Erin felt more tired than this morning. And she’d just gotten started. But she was knocking things off her list left and right. Serious Erin needed coffee, or something stronger than tea, but she got work done.
Of course, Erin was still winging her order of events. And as it happened, one of the items on her list decided to bump itself up on the queue. Erin saw a duo sitting at one of her tables, and sighed.
“Uh oh. They’re back again.”
Palt peered over Erin’s shoulder and spotted Beza and Montressa. The two [Mages] instantly turned as they saw Erin and Palt coming out of the private room. They gave the Centaur a dirty look and Erin some rather false smiles.
“Are they coming every day for the same reason you are, Palt?”
Erin frowned a bit, inconspicuously nodding towards Montressa and Beza. The Centaur paused. He absently reached for a puffer, and then checked the motion. Instead, he produced a dark, black round lump and began to chew it. It looked like gum. Mixed with nicotine.
“Don’t worry about Montressa and Beza, Erin. They have orders, just like I do. For now, their factions want them here. I’m sure they’re not planning on anything radical. My faction has you claimed, so to speak. Not in any possessive way! But we’ll fight tooth-and-hoof to keep anyone from…doing anything. If you wanted to, you could ban them…”
He clearly didn’t want that too much. Nor did Erin. She regarded the two [Mages]. They weren’t something she knew the answer to. But…she had a sudden, really, horribly mean thought. The kind of mean thought that you should really get a slap on the back of the head for. But also, a smart thought.
The young woman hesitated, and then glanced at Palt. She nodded covertly at Palt.
“I’m gonna investigate. Back me up.”
She wandered over to the two [Mages]. And, with as much subterfuge in her voice as Mrsha hiding a cookie behind her back, she nodded at the two [Mages].
“Hey, you two. How’s things?”
“Pretty well, actually. Good morning, Erin. Palt.”
Montressa smiled at Erin. The young woman was as always dressed in her robes, but she lacked the magical staff or floating brass orb. She was also better at acting or more genuinely relaxed than her companion.
Bezale or Beza, the Minotauress [Spellscribe], bared her teeth at Erin like she had a toothache. Montressa went on as Erin pulled out a chair.
“We were hoping to speak to you actually, if you’re not busy?”
“No, go on. I mean, I’m just puttering around. Doing stuff, y’know? But I have time. Did you see the Grimalkin lifting thing yesterday?”
“Beza actually did a lot of lifting. I passed.”
Montressa gestured at her friend. Beza wore a sour expression.
“I came in 8th place. Eighth. Disgraceful.”
