Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 8
“And you can tell your other friend to stay away from Chandrar. That is our land. Someday, we will take it back.”
The panel snapped shut. Ryoka sat there as Fierre stared at her. The Djinni saw it all.
After a while, Ryoka and Fierre found themselves sitting in silence, debating, quietly, how this would change Fierre’s life. Certainly, she needed an umbrella or fashionable parasol along with her clothing. And her parents would have to know—and they needed to plan for the Archmage of Izril.
They were on an adventure, after all. Fierre was the surprise guest, but Ryoka was just as nervous as her friend. This was her entrance into the big leagues. The only thing that stymied them was Ryoka’s growling stomach.
“Damn. Want a sandwich, Fierre? I’ve only got some travel food…”
Ryoka was offering a sandwich to Fierre—who was about to refuse with a wrinkled nose—when something went pop.
The two stared at the fat plate of steaming duck breast. It had appeared out of nowhere. And it smelled heavenly. Ryoka’s jaw dropped. Fierre blinked.
“I heard the Unmarked Coach had food. But—”
“Excuse me. Do we get food?”
“If you want it.”
The Djinni grumbled. Ryoka and Fierre looked at each other. Fierre hesitated.
“Can you do blood?”
“None that you’d like, Vampire. Mine food tastes and nourishes little. But ask. Ask, and I serve.”
She sighed. Because she knew what was coming next. Fierre raised a hand.
“I’ll have a wine—”
Ryoka was more hesitant, but she had to ask.
“Can you do a—a lemonade?”
Fierre and the Djinni looked at her. Ryoka hesitated. She just really missed…lemonade. She would have killed someone for a soft drink.
It rolled on, the Unmarked Coach, as the two riders discovered the perks of riding. They could even ask for pillows, blankets…the grumbling Djinni had to slow the fast pace of the coach to deal with her rider’s demands.
And then the Unmarked Coach stopped. Ryoka barely noticed as she and Fierre, laughing, toasted each other. She heard a voice, a reply, and then—
The door to the coach opened. The grey-cloaked [Assassin] stepped into the carriage, saw the visitors, and walked over to a far seat and sat down.
Ryoka and Fierre stared, mid-toast. The [Assassin] checked himself, put down his longsword next to him, pulled down the covering on his face and sighed.
“I’ll have a fruit juice. Surprise me.”
The dark blue drink appeared in front of him. He took it, sat back, nodded to them, and the coach moved on. The two new riders had forgotten one important thing:
It wasn’t a private shuttle.
 
—-
 
Now.
The Runner opened the real door to the Archmage of Izril’s mansion after nearly half an hour of checking it for traps. And there weren’t any. On the front door. It was just exceptionally magically reinforced such that a [Siege Fireball] would have bounced off. Literally.
Oh, and one more thing. The Runner would have loved to know this, but the door had no doorknob on the other side. That wasn’t magical, so they couldn’t tell from looking.
The door swung shut behind them. The Runner cursed. But then they were in the Archmage’s abode. Close to the Archmage of Izril—but oh, so far.
They had done…average…so far. Average in that they survived the fake out mansion, which wasn’t even the real test. Now, the real traps began.
Of course, the Runner knew they existed. But they were locked inside the exceptionally reinforced doorway and they had no choice but to continue. There were some traps that didn’t lose their effectiveness even if you knew they existed.
