Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 7
The woman pursed her lips. She eyed Femithain. Because she knew him, Nsiia did not test the Magus-Crafter. He was not impressive, in the sense that his rumpled mage’s robe, spectacles, and lean physique did not convey danger or physical might. But Femithain meant what he said, which was another kind of danger.
“Very well. And a good morning to you.”
The Magus-Crafter had another draft of stamina potion. That made him feel better.
Once again, he was having breakfast on his veranda, overlooking the pool, and past it, the capital of Illivere, Demarsel. The entire city had multiple levels, although it was no Pallass. Still, it had high walls, and brick or stone buildings built along the steep streets; the rooftops below were a maze unto themselves.
Sometimes, [Thieves] would try to escape via rooftop and fall to their deaths. There was no such danger in the Magus-Crafter’s residence, of course. It had proper security. Why, their prisoner, Nsiia, had no chance of escaping her quarters.
Except if she hopped over the ledge to have breakfast. She was eating another strip of meat. As she did, a bird fluttered down and landed on the balcony.
Femithain eyed it. He was no ornithologist, let alone a [Bird Watcher], so he had no idea what it was. But it was big, had a curved beak and sharp talons along with the dusky ash feathers speckled with blue, and he didn’t like it.
“Nsiia, is that bird an acquaintance of yours?”
The former Empress of Beasts turned and regarded the bird calmly. She smiled.
“I’ve never seen it before. It looks like a Dustwing Warhawk. See how big it is compared to a regular hawk? It could take a finger off.”
“I quite notice.”
Femithain mentally prepared a [Dust Arrow] volley in his head. Nsiia, fearless, offered some meat to the bird. It ­pecked and snatched the meat. Then it let her gently pet its head.
That was Nsiia. Beloved by animals. They came to her, mostly birds, but Femithain had woken up one day to find a crab had somehow made it into the pool. The former-Empress stroked its head.
“You’ve travelled quite a long way, haven’t you? Where are you going? Do you want more food? Here.”
She seemed to listen to the bird as it pecked at her breakfast. Femithain watched, interested.
They were two very different people, she and he. For instance, Femithain had woken up to deal with the Golem issue this morning after having literally fallen asleep in his workshop. By contrast—Nsiia had gone to bed quite rested after a day full of activity. She liked to stand on the rooftops, climb about as nimbly as a cat, and loved animals and they her.
Femithain’s passion was Golems. And it was unrequited, if love could be ascribed to such creations. And it could not.
“I see. You’re lost. Go north. There’s not much food here that won’t get you hunted. North. Don’t look at me like that. I know where food is.”
Nsiia pushed the Warhawk as it cawed at her. It flapped its wings, shedding some feathers and dander. Nsiia plucked some more meat to eat—it tried to snatch it and she flicked it on the forehead as she nimbly spirited the meat into her mouth.
“I won’t be bullied by a fledgling. Go on. Eat and go. You’re making my friend nervous.”
The giant bird eyed Femithain. He realized it wasn’t even adult, to judge by Nsiia’s words. It hopped over and pecked two more strips of meat off Nsiia’s plate. Then it took off.
Femithain watched it fly upwards, soaring on thermals in Chandrar’s drier climate. The rains that had come were short-lived in Illivere—even a magical typhoon couldn’t change that much.
