Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 21
He was closer to, oh, let’s say, the genuine article. And his dispassionate expression didn’t change, even when the worst casualty reports came in.
By contrast, Sophridel was a logical being of many faces, but he was not uncaring, just incapable. One could care and didn’t choose to, the other was simply alien to it.
“I did not create Ailendamus to waste lives, Visophecin. This reflects upon a larger setting. The Order of the Hydra was bested.”
“Not by lack of numbers. It was a fluke. You saw that high-level [Knight] charge out. Izril. He did not fall into the trap of their system of warfare.”
Culnous pointed out. Rhisveri growled over it.
“I don’t care. If our strategy were perfect, flukes would make no difference! And now House Veltras is sinking our navy!”
“One fleet. Which you had a hand in.”
Visophecin calmly reminded Rhisveri. He didn’t flinch from the Wyrm’s glare—in this place, they were all in their natural forms.
“Peace. He was unwise to kidnap Ryoka Griffin, and Veltras’ child. So I believed. Yet I see a deeper wisdom, by chance or design. Or did you not feel it as she opened that gate?”
The horned man turned and nodded at Fithea. Even Rhisveri bit back the hostile comment. The Dryad commanded attention; she was oldest of them all, and that said a lot.
“I did, Fithea. I have also heard of the commotion she caused just yesterday.”
“That was Gilaw’s fault as much as mine. Culnous, are your people distraught?”
“Only startled. No harm done.”
The Merman spat some water from his mouth as he swam up in the portable vessel. He eyed Visophecin.
“I was sorry to miss her. You arrived in a storm. Do you want to meet her too, this Wind Runner?”
“I already have observed her with the children. I did not care to get close. Someone must treat her with due wariness.”
Visophecin’s caution infected the others. Rhisveri glowered.
“The coinage she has…”
“Rhisveri. Do not fixate.”
Sophridel spoke, and the Wyrm hissed. He really wanted that money, but Fithea was more focused on the gateway.
“I heard voices. Do you know what this means? She has offered you a meeting with your kind, Rhisveri. Worlds apart! She cannot be ignored. You must meet with her. If you will not, I will.”
“You do not know what she wants, Fithea!”
“No. We do not. And it must be something, given the forces at play, mustn’t it, Rhisveri? I wonder exactly what this Ryoka Griffin is seeking?”
Visophecin made Rhisveri hesitate. If you had to rank them in terms of power…well, power was a silly game to play. But if you did, and you took out Culnous being the head of his people, Fithea’s respect, and such?
Visophecin was one to make even Rhisveri at least watch his tongue, now and then. The Wyrm smiled.
“My affairs are mine. Have I not done a fine job?”
The man paused a moment. When he spoke, as many times, it surprised the others.
“You have. I will not deny your role has done more for us all than can be stated. And here is the proof: Ryoka Griffin.”
“How do you mean, Visophecin?”
Sophridel floated closer, more masks turning to face the man. The cold eyes flickered with something like…interest. Visophecin smiled, a rare motion.
“Why, because we have finally entered into what I will colloquially call the ‘big leagues’, Sophridel. The grand stage.”
“Ailendamus was not that already?”
Rhisveri snapped, offended. Visophecin shook his head.
“No. Rhisveri, reframe your perspective as Fithea suggests. We have had successes. Ailendamus was a major power decades ago, over a century ago. And it has had more power here that it has not needed to even unleash.”
