Interlude – 1.00 R
Page 2
I take a few deep breaths. This is the part I hate the most. But it has to be done, so I steel myself. And hesitate. I take another deep breath, worry about hyperventilation, and knock.
I really do hate this part the most.
 
—-
 
Celum, just past dawn.
 
The instant Lady Magnolia, a member of the noble echelons of the city opened the door she clasped her hand to her heart.
“Oh my! Are you here with the delivery already?”
The girl—the young woman who still thought of herself as just an older girl at times—nodded her head silently. Magnolia needed no further invitation.
“I hadn’t expected you so soon! But where are my manners? Magnolia Reinhart, at your service. You are the Runner I’ve been expecting, yes?”
“Mm. Your seal?”
The young woman nodded. Lady Magnolia hesitated, and then touched her fingers to her brow.
“Oh. Of course. It’s been so long since I—I’d completely forgotten. Please come in while I fetch it.”
The young woman hesitated and eyed the pristine mansion behind Magnolia. The lady noticed her hesitation and glanced down. Her eyes widened slightly, but she took the moment in stride.
“Oh, don’t worry about that. I have plenty of servants who can deal with little stains. Please, come in, come in!”
The young woman hesitated and then reluctantly stepped into the house. She looked up and around and the marble flooring she was currently dirtying, and the fancy rugs, the tapestries on the wall, and clearly wished to be elsewhere. But Magnolia was fiddling around with a little pot set next to the wall.
“Now, where did they put the seal? Normally I’d leave this all up to the head maid – Ressa, but I just knew it was my delivery. Hm…hmm…here!”
Her hand plucked a silver-and-sapphire token from the plate. The beautiful seal was half gleaming silver, the other half a semi-translucent pool of cerulean.
She presented the token to the young woman who received it with extreme care. Magnolia patiently waited as the young woman carefully stowed the token in a belt pouch at her waist and then undid her pack.
It was a backpack, but not one that would ever grace any store in the world the young woman had come from. Rather, instead of Velcro and machine-tooled stiches and individual and superfluous compartments, this pack was made of leather stitched to cloth and had all the aesthetics of a black bug crawling on her back. But it could be tightly secured with strings and opened without having to be taken off.
Carefully, the messenger for that was what she was, removed a heavily-wrapped item. She held it out.
“Here.”
Lady Magnolia practically snatched the parcel out of the young woman’s hands and carelessly unwrapped the heavy layers of wool and string that had protected the item. The young woman blinked at the detritus littering the floor and then looked back at the package she’d so painstakingly brought this far.
An enameled bottle of red crystal caught the light in Magnolia’s hands and practically illuminated the foyer with light.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?”
Magnolia swished the blue liquid inside the bottle and smiled gently. She turned to the young woman and bowed her head slightly.
“I can’t thank you enough for bringing this in time for brunch. I’m entertaining several of my friends and I promised them I’d share a glass of this delightful drink with them. It’s very expensive, but so delicious! It’s distilled from a very poisonous fruit – the Amentus fruit, I think they call it. So hard to get a hold of, but I did promise! And wouldn’t you know it, but I drank the last glass yesterday. And so I put in my request and here you are!”
