Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 5
“I have thanked you for saving Falling Snow. I feel I should do so again, and for accompanying me while fulfilling my duties. And for sharing your food.”
Yellow Splatters was getting up from his table. Numbtongue felt a pang. He looked up as the Painted Soldiers noticed and immediately stood with their [Sergeant].
“You’re going?”
“I have no reason to stay. And my presence will allow a Painted Soldier to take my place. They will rotate into the inn so that all may enjoy the experience.”
“Oh.”
The Hobgoblin stared at the [Sergeant]. Yellow Splatters visibly hesitated and looked around the inn. Back at Numbtongue.
“I could sit longer. I…would not wish to deprive another Soldier of their time above. But…”
He hesitated and looked over. The forty-nine other Soldiers looked back and Numbtongue saw them communicating, invisibly, as the Redfangs might. As any Goblins would. He envied them and hurt at the same time. Yellow Splatters turned back to Numbtongue after a moment.
“I will stay. To acquire more information. If you would agree to keep me company?”
He looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin smiled. And as Yellow Splatters sat back down and leaned over the table, Numbtongue realized something. He wasn’t feeling unhappy. It still hurt, but he wasn’t dissatisfied. He was…he lifted his mug and sipped it, then noticed it was empty. Numbtongue absently waved at Drassi for a refill. For him and Yellow Splatters. The [Sergeant] accepted a mug with a free hand and then looked at Numbtongue.
“So. What have you been doing since the battle against the Goblin Lord? I was dead.”
 
—-
 
At first, it was just a continuation to the thirty minutes they’d sat and talked. Then an hour. And then two. By two and a half hours, Numbtongue had to pee. He got up, wandered out of The Wandering Inn, and joined the queue for the outhouses. There were five now; apparently two had just been dug. Even so, Gnolls and Drakes were standing in line and Numbtongue was grateful for the distance between each outhouses. It made the sounds a bit less…pronounced.
One of the outhouses had been built to accommodate a half-Giant. It was that one Numbtongue was in line for; he liked the space. The door opened and Maughin stepped out. Or rather, his body did. His head was still chatting to Jelaqua in the inn.
Numbtongue and the Drakes and Gnolls stepped out of the way, but the Dullahan’s body had some kind of instinctual awareness because he walked calmly back to the inn without any uncertainty.
“Ancestors, that’s creepy.”
One of the Drakes in line muttered. A Gnoll in front of him nodded and sniffed, then made a face.
“Ergh. That was a mistake.”
“You Gnolls have it rough around here, huh?”
The Drake looked sympathetic. The Gnoll just grimaced.
“Well, we grow up smelling everything. This is hardly worse. But whatever that Dullahan ate—”
“Don’t talk to me about it. I just had lunch. I’ll tell you one thing though, those forges Pallass has. If those Dullahans can work steel everyday like I saw them doing this morning—makes you think.”
“That Lism’s right? Or Krshia?”
“I don’t know! It just makes you think.”
The Drake grimaced. He looked across another line at a nodding Drake and then turned his head.
“It’s weird. I know it’s because it’s the crazy Human doing it, but she is our crazy Human. What do you th—”
