Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 22
The [Armsmaster] blinked as Nsiia looked around. Femithain raised his brows.
“It might be illuminating to have two [Warriors] of your calibers spar, Nsiia. Would you be willing to do a demonstration?”
“Surely. If Armsmaster Dellic has no objections?”
“I—with practice weapons, not at all, Lady Nsiia.”
The man looked embarrassed, but he was an [Armsmaster]. He accepted an axe and Nsiia a spear—clearly meant for Golems to use. They were rough on the hands and poorly weighted—but she felt a thrill as she lifted the weapon.
“One of the Golems uses a spear. From Thun. Can you u—”
“Golem tits!”
Dellic deflected the strike from the wooden spear that flashed at his chin. Nsiia would have pulled the blow if she’d felt it would have landed, but the man flicked the spear back without even jerking back much. That showed training.
The audience gasped. Nsiia winked.
“I have heard there are Golems of that sort, Armsmaster. Magus-Crafter Femithain hasn’t explained where they’re to be found, however.”
The Magus-Crafter closed his eyes. He was never going to talk about that practice in Illivere. And it did exist. But then his attention was drawn to Nsiia.
Because she was quite good with a spear. She might have been an [Empress], but she had fought with the Tusk of Tiqr and she lashed out fast, jabbing at Dellic. Nothing fancy—just a clean thrust that would go through you if it landed.
The man held still, using the axe, and knocked the spear butt away. Unlike Domehead’s defensive routines, he could do so moving or standing still and with an economy of motion, nothing fancy.
It made more sense to just knock the spear off-target than to whirl your axe and send it flying. With the whirl of the axe, both you and your opponent needed to bring your weapon into line. With Dellic? He knocked the spear thrust down and attacked in the same motion.
That was skill. And the audience, willingly or not, saw it. Femithain murmured to the [Golem Artificers] working on Domehead’s head-dome.
“Can we directly copy some of Dellic’s moves? We had extra space in the command-crystals in the head-dome, didn’t we? Just execute a copy-order and we can wipe it later.”
Magical lines began appearing in one of the blank crystals as a [Golem Artificer] ordered Domehead to do just that. The Golem watched as the two went back and forth and the Inscription-specialists argued over how to translate the basic attacks into Domehead’s movements.
 
—-
 
Nsiia went for several bouts with Dellic and felt more invigorated than she had in a while. He was good. And she was a former-[Empress], not [General] Vasraf whose Skills were more combat-focused.
If it was a battle to the death, she could have used a number of Skills. But since this was a display of talent, she refrained from using [Elephant’s Strength] for a temporary advantage. That would have made Dellic sweat.
But he was better, and she didn’t mind admitting it. Nsiia went for a slashing lunge and he swung his axe up and actually severed the tip of her spear.
“Sorry about that, Empress! [Sundering Strikes]. Forgot to turn it off.”
The man looked embarrassed as he lowered the axe. Nsiia stared at the spear and tossed it aside.
“And that’s where you die. Unless you’re a Golem and can be put back together. What would you do then, Empress Nsiia?”
Crafter Se looked amused. Nsiia looked up at the needling tone and smiled. She saw Dellic tense—and lunged out in a punch as she grabbed for his axe.
He recoiled and shoved her aside. She tried to hook his legs as her palm went for his face. He was still too fast! He backed up, placing his axe up.
