Interlude – Relationships
Page 7
A [Bard] was allowed to have creative license, but as Pyrite would calmly point out in that way of his—while Shorthilt teased and Reiss offered advice—
That had been a personal moment for Numbtongue. A moment when he had looked at Erin and hinted, hinted very strongly, but still not managed to say the thing that had been on his mind for a long time.
Which was that he quite liked Erin. A lot, in fact, and if she had not been the [Innkeeper], the person who had helped change his life, and if he had had any kind of hints—he would have said something long ago.
If she were a Goblin, in the Redfang tribe or just in general, it would be so much easier. Goblins had their own methods of attracting each other, and they were sometimes direct, but other times extremely subtle.
Numbtongue had heard from Headscratcher that once a Redfang [Smith] had forged her name onto another warrior’s blade. He had used it and bragged about it for six battles without ever noticing the tiny inscription near the handle. Then his buddy jumped him, won the blade, and offered it back to the [Smith] along with some Pallassian steel ingots he’d seized from a raid.
That was the level of romantic drama you got in even the Redfangs, the least subtle of tribes. Now, Erin was sitting right next to him and asking him about Garia and Octavia.
Mostly in the sense of whether or not both women were aware of the relationship and okay with that. Numbtongue would have rather talked about love with Mrsha; she’d run away in disgust. Even Bird. Even Lyonette!
But not Erin. He was…passing fond of Erin. In fact, Numbtongue had quietly wanted to say something long before Altestiel came along.
That he did not was for two reasons: first, he did not quite want to lose what they had. Second, because they were best of friends and family, and he didn’t know if that would have made them good lovers.
Life was too short for a Goblin warrior to hesitate. If Headscratcher were alive—Numbtongue would have held his peace forever. Which was ironic because Goblins could have open relationships, the very idea that Erin was struggling with. Of course Garia and Octavia knew.
“And they’re okay with that? None of them want to be, um, girlfriends with you?”
He gave her a blank look.
“I don’t want babies. I said that, and both of them agreed.”
Very vehemently. With that out of the way, what was the problem? It was not ‘girlfriend’ or ‘boyfriend’. It was just fun.
Very fun. Erin grew uncomfortable, and Numbtongue stared at her. He put his head back, stared at the ceiling, and Shorthilt stood over him.
“Say it. Say it. Say it—”
His ghostly finger poked Numbtongue in the forehead.
“Go away. No.”
He spoke, and Reiss and Pyrite pulled Shorthilt back because—Numbtongue looked up at Erin as she wrestled with the idea of an open relationship.
“As long as they know. That’s good! Y’know? Everyone should be happy. Everyone should find…someone. I mean, Lyonette has, I guess. I haven’t seen her and Pawn together that much.”
Numbtongue’s carefully blank stare intensified. Erin went on, frowning.
“Not that I spy on them. But I don’t pry! And Ishkr? Okay, now I think about it—only Jelaqua’s in a long-term relationship. Typhenous is trying to court Eloise. And Mavika. He’s sort of like you.”
Numbtongue opened his mouth and then thought of Typhenous. He decided the comparison was a compliment and closed his mouth. Meanwhile, Erin was talking herself into or out of something. She kept raising and lowering her hands.
