Interlude – The Great Race
Page 2
Liska laughed, but uncertainly. She had never actually heard how many there were. Ishkr had been there, and he’d refused to talk about it. She’d heard from the Watch that an entire army had been surrounding the inn. If Ishkr hadn’t talked about it, it had probably not been that bad. Plus, Senior Guardsman Relc had been there, among others.
“What about now? We could get free rooms. Each!”
Ishkr sighed as Liska imagined a room of her own.
“Erin locks her doors at night. No coming back after dawn for you.”
“Damn. What if you get a room and I stay here?”
He did not dignify this with a response. Ishkr pushed open the door, and Liska trailed after him. Her brother snapped, looking vexed.
“Come on, we’ll be late.”
“Why are you so…like that? You’re not even crying that Keisha broke up with you.”
She waved her paws at him. He had been seeing Keisha for two months. She’d been really worried after his dry spell of three years. Keisha was another hard-worker who’d been apprenticing herself under Raekea’s Foundry, and Liska was privately glad she wasn’t going out to defend Ishkr’s honor. Keisha could probably take them both in a fight.
She was also very annoyed. Yes, Ishkr was boring, but he was reliably boring. Keisha just had to go off and leave him? She trailed after Ishkr, asking more questions.
“How is The Wandering Inn safe? I didn’t hear you sniffling last night.”
Gnoll noses and ears were too advanced to keep secrets. Ishkr just sighed.
“I wasn’t that surprised. It didn’t feel like it was working out.”
“Why?”
He gave her a side-glare.
“Because.”
“Why? Why? Why? Whywhywhywhy—”
She followed him down the stairs, lowering her voice since this was an apartment complex. But Ishkr finally snapped back.
“Because she kept trying to drag me to her family and friends and kept hinting about having children.”
Liska was so astonished she was still for an entire twenty seconds. By the time she ran after Ishkr, he was halfway down Scuttle Street.
It was named after Shield Spiders and had a bit of an octagonal design with the streets which branched off the main street into eight sub-blocks; a kind of suburb that was attached to a larger street. It often got crowded at rush hour, but they were too early for that. Hexel had apparently sworn to remodel this section of Liscor personally.
“She wanted to start a family? You didn’t say!”
“That’s private.”
“You could have told me.”
“I could have.”
“And?”
“You’re annoying.”
The siblings’ argument was punctuated by a scuffle that a passing [Guardswoman] saw. The Drake eyed the two hitting each other lightly and seemed to recognize they were siblings.
“Morning. No entry to this street. Please move along.”
“What? Why?”
Liska glanced up, instantly annoyed, but Ishkr just peered past the yawning Drake as she pointed.
“Sewers.”
“I thought they were clean!”
There had been the bad smells, and the sewers always had problems, but adventurers kept them clean, and they hadn’t had bad blockages for ages. People said that the city was using some new way to clean them, and that was great. Unfortunately…the [Guardswoman] grimaced, and the two Gnolls noticed she had plugs in her nose-holes.
“We hired some adventurers to supplement the bone r—the cleaning service because of all the influx of people.”
“And?”
“One of the idiots cast [Tidal Wave]. The backsplash has flooded this street and the next one.”
Ishkr and Liska sniffed the air and wished they hadn’t. You smelled the sewers and bad things all the time, but that was concentrated odor coming from ahead.
“Ah, we’re going to be late.”
