Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 29
His flailing was growing slower. Zebras and the Soldiers on the hill were digging. But it was no use. Slowly, one by one, the Painted Soldiers stopped. The looked down, at their comrade. And Falling Snow felt his conscious dwindling. His struggling grew weak. Sporadic. He stopped moving at last.
“No!”
The voice that shouted was five miles distant. Yellow Splatters was running, racing. But he was too slow. Too far. The Painted Soldiers on the hill looked down. And the Soldier in the mud looked up, as the mud covered his eyes. He gazed at the blue sky. At his fellow Soldiers, watching him. And he knew he would die. Falling Snow looked up and waited for heaven.
And a green angel dove from above. Numbtongue hit the mud and it dragged him down. But the Hobgoblin reached. And he found the still Soldier in the darkness.
He was heavy. Too heavy. Numbtongue heaved, but Falling Snow was part of the mud trap. And Numbtongue felt himself sinking. Above him the Painted Soldiers milled. The Hobgoblin gritted his teeth. He reached for his belt and pulled something loose. Numbtongue fumbled with the drawstrings and then pulled.
An explosion of vines engulfed him as the Tripvine Bag in his hands exploded. The impact, confined, blasted the vines into Numbtongue, making him inhale the mud. The vines twined around him, around Falling Snow and shot upwards. Growing, expanding. Reaching the Painted Soldiers around the pit. The Antinium stared at the vines. Then they grabbed them and heaved.
Two dozen Soldiers grabbed the muddy tangle of vines. Three dozen. They backed up and pulled. The vines had completely entangled the pit and the Hobgoblin and Soldier in it. The mud clung to the tangle, weighing it down. It had to be hundreds, no, thousands of pounds of weight. The Soldiers grabbed the vines and heaved. And the muddy tangle began to tear itself free of the pit.
Vines exploded with the weight and Soldiers stumbled back before surging forwards to grab at more vines. One had four vines in each arm and more Soldiers rushed forwards by the second, grabbing at vines, pulling, pulling—
The mud surged upwards, caught in the vines. It began to cascade over the edges of the hill. Then the huge tangle of vines. Mud slopped down as the Soldiers yanked the tangle up onto the hill. Then they tore at the sides, ripping mud and magical vines free. The Tripvines fell to the ground, and an arm emerged. Green. The Soldiers excavated it.
Numbtongue’s head came out of the tangle. The Hobgoblin vomited mud. Then he dragged at another figure. An Antinium, mud dripping from his body. The Soldiers grabbed at the mud, sloughing it off. Frantically, they uncovered Falling Snow’s mandibles, found a his mouth blocked with mud. Numbtongue pushed his way forwards with a flask of water.
The mud washed away as Numbtongue scraped at the opening. The Soldier’s mandibles and inner mouth cleared of debris. He lay on the ground, his body still. The Painted Soldiers stood around him and Numbtongue sat back, waiting. Listening. The Soldier’s chest was still. And then the silent audience heard it.
A faint whistling sound. Breath, intaken. Falling Snow inhaled. And then he sat up. He looked around, and his muddy body jerked. The Painted Soldiers surrounded him, wiping at his mud-covered eyes, antennae. And Numbtongue lay down on the ground and breathed.
He was alive. Alive. If anyone had looked, if anyone had cared, they would have seen every Painted Soldier on the Floodplains converging on the spot. Gathering around Fallen Snow, who was still just breathing, surrounded by the other Soldiers.
