Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 26
Azam stood there, thinking of the past. Thinking of the news that had given him pleasure. Even hope. The King of Destruction could free Djinni?
“Well, it is as the Lizardman said. He will not again.”
Azam muttered to himself, a rare utterance to drown out the sound. He looked around.
The sky was so beautiful. The stars, those brilliant lights that were not magic, but something almost akin to his being, hung in the clear sky. Azam could see over the tents, over the walls he had made, in every direction across this flat landscape.
He longed to fly, but he could not. If he could, he would have flown as high as he was allowed, pretending to be sentry. And then he would look…
North. Northwest. Azam always stared that way at night. He knew that location, of all others, and always tried to make minute adjustments so he faced it. If anywhere in this world mattered…it was there.
And if anything in this world mattered, it was that book that the [Necromancer] held. Azam’s gaze turned back to the tents. If he could hold it but for a second…no. Igheriz had kept it next to him, even on Leciaun. Azam had hoped.
Not on this day. He let Eloque weep. Tomorrow, if she willed it, he would talk to her for a while.
 
—-
 
The next day was easier because it began with one of the [Slave Guards] dying. Pisces had thought Igheriz was the most foul man ever to live. That he delved deep into the abyss of mortal suffering and depravity.
No. The truth was he danced on the edge. He laughed there, a monster without redemption.
But not without law. Pisces awoke to find a commotion happening.
No less than six men and Azam dragged a [Guard] out of a tent. Where…he had accosted Astotha in a continuation of Leciaun.
However, this time, Igheriz had put a stop to it the moment she’d cried out. Now? He gestured and his ring glowed.
“You worthless sack of hemp! When I say we celebrate Leciaun, it does not mean all that is mine is now free! This is my property! She is my property! Am I not generous? Am I not fair with my possessions? And you touch her?”
“It was only a moment!”
The man protested. Igheriz gave him the bright-eyed look Pisces had come to associate with his true rage.
“Well, this will only be a moment.”
“No—”
The man tried to fight free, but Azam held him. Igheriz pressed the glowing ring to the man’s throat and when it came away, Pisces saw a copy of the same collar around his neck, a glowing band of magic.
“No one touches my possessions! No one breaks laws! My laws and Roshal’s!”
Igheriz thundered at Hrome and his [Guards]. The men stood well back, looking palely at the [Guard] with the magic band around his neck. Pisces saw the man gasping and realized—the magical collar was cutting off his air.
“We are not savages. You will all conduct yourselves, or this one’s fate will be like a pleasant dream. Am I understood? There is law in Roshal. We are not monsters.”
The [Slave Master] cast a glance at Pisces, then. He turned.
“Am I understood?”
A chorus of quiet murmurs was his answer. Igheriz looked around, spat, and then strode to his horse.
“Azam! Break camp! We move!”
They left the [Guard] where he knelt, clawing at his neck. He could find no purchase on the magic. His friends and fellows looked back. Astotha looked vindictively back as he tried to beg for Igheriz’s mercy, call out.
The narrow band tightened. Tightened even as the others rode away. His eyes bulged. His face turned scarlet, then purple. The band tightened—
Pisces looked away.
 
—-
 
Igheriz was madness tempered by only the slightest, deluded belief there was law.
