Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 6
The [Strategists] stared. The [Storm Sailor] glared at them. She pointed at Peki.
“You got stuffing in your ears?”
She had…two normal arms. One normal leg. A normal, Human face. So she wasn’t your classic Drowned Woman, or one of the Drowned People in general. You could normally tell because half of their bodies were some sort of sea creature’s. Just her leg.
Oh—and when she opened her mouth, Wil saw a beak in her mouth. An interior set of jaws. Like a bird’s jaw, but—different.
A cephalopod’s beak, in fact. An octopus’ beak they used to eat. That was an octopus-fact. It was a second mouth in her mouth.
The [Storm Sailor] didn’t seem to care about the stares. She pointed at Peki.
“Stay out of the way of the boom, you got that, landbird?”
Peki stared at the beak. Then she stared at the [Sailor]. She shrugged, face blank.
“Why? Doesn’t hurt.”
The short [Sailor] looked incredulous. Her right tentacle-leg extended a bit, and she stood tilted slightly left, slightly taller.
“You? Who cares about you? If you hit the damn mainsail, there’ll be hell to pay! I’ve seen you punching the boom as well! You crack the wood, Captain Lasc’ll be eating chicken tonight!”
“Why?”
Peki looked blank. Her classmates stared at her. The [Storm Sailor] stared and her jaw worked as she tried to figure out if Peki was being funny.
“He’ll have you tossed in the ocean! Stop flying about like an idiot!”
That was all she came up with. Then she stomped off. Well—one foot stomped. Wil and the others watched her go.
“Amazing. See how her leg’s moving? It’s not a balanced walk by any means. But the tentacle-leg actually works on a moving deck. Imagine her trying to run. On land.”
Venaz whispered a bit too loudly. The others looked at him. Wil slowly sat down, boredom forgotten for a moment.
“I’ve never seen anyone like that. She’s not fully Drowned Person, is she?”
“Nope. And [Storm Sailors] don’t like to crew with them. Rivalry on the sea. We have to ask about it. Hey. Hey, you.”
Merrik instantly waved at the nearest [Sailor] passing by. The man grunted; he was swabbing the deck. People actually had to do that. It was to keep it from allowing moss or mold to grow, and to keep the planks wet and thus swelled with water to prevent leaks.
More ship-facts. The [Sailor] grunted, but he leaned on his mop as he came over.
“What?”
His tone wasn’t exactly polite for guests, but he wasn’t spitting on them either. Merrik waved conspiratorially at the part-octopus [Sailor].
“What’s up with her?”
“Merrik. We shouldn’t gossip.”
“What? Why not?”
The Dwarf looked at Wil. The Terandrian [Lord] hesitated, but the [Sailor] turned out to be only too happy to gossip. He looked around conspiratorially.
“Her? The one that just yelled at you? Oh, that’s Inky. She’s got a tongue on her almost as bad as that fucking beak.”
The [Strategists] were instantly fascinated. This was the highlight of their day.
“Tell us more. Take a seat.”
“I should be working.”
The man hesitated. But Venaz instantly pulled one of the chairs out.
“We’re chartering this ship. Sit down.”
The Minotaur ordered. The [Sailor] weighed this, glanced about, and sat.
“Whaddya want to know?”
“Everything. What’s with the beak, the leg—”
“Does she have any more octopus parts? That is octopus, right? Not squid?”
Yerranola was as fascinated as Merrik and the others. Of course, the Selphid was a body-connoisseur. She looked at people…mainly for their bodies. The man just shrugged.
“You’d have to ask some of her mates.”
“Do you mean mates as in—”
“Merrik. Don’t be disgusting.”
