Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 27
Kevin actually felt like he was in danger of losing his hearing, and he had been in a band and not worn protective earplugs once. But then he heard a second Troll drummer begin to play. Then a third…
Then he realized what they were doing at the same time as the others. They began to sprint for the opening as the Troll leading them sighed sadly that he wouldn’t join in. He helpfully explained their defense mechanism.
“Loud.”
The Goblins, Ogres, and Human fled the Troll Caves and into the daylight just in time. The thunder from below died down, but Kevin still heard it. Like an earthquake.
A hundred Trolls playing drums so thunderously that only the ultra-strong caves could even withstand the vibrations of air and stone. So loud they shattered [Silence] spells. So loud they might actually kill anyone who wasn’t a Troll from the waves of sound alone.
It played like that for ten minutes. A roaring sound that sent every bird for miles flying. Kevin gulped. He didn’t know if the Humans survived it. But he doubted any of them would risk going deaf to try to take the caves from the Trolls.
It was like fighting Merdon, in a way. Poisonbite rubbed at her ears.
“Trolls. How do they do it?”
Their Troll guide was already headed back into the cave. He nodded once at Kevin, turned, and gave Somo a complex gesture that made the Ogres nearly charge him, snarling. But he gave Kevin a wink.
“Thick eardrums.”
Kevin started. That was the most complexly syllabic word he’d heard one of them say. The Troll nodded, and headed down.
They had drums. They clearly knew Goblins. Kevin wondered if they went above. Maybe some went travelling. Were there other Trolls in Izril? He stood there, with the Goblins, as the Caves of Drums became quiet once more. But Kevin would always know, whenever he saw a cave, that somewhere, in a deep cave, sat a Troll, playing drums, without any care in the world beyond music.
It made him less scared of caves. Or at least—this one. Kevin sighed. They’d made it to safety. Maybe with permanent hearing damage. But now…he turned to Taganchiel.
“Time to find Rags. Hopefully she’s at Goblinhome, eh?”
The [Shaman] gave him a blank look. He said something. Kevin frowned.
“What?”
The [Shaman] looked puzzled. He cupped a hand to one ear. He asked Kevin what he’d said. The young man realized there was a ringing in the back of his head.
“What?”
 
——
 
Of all the things to ask about, of all the secrets and deals to be made, she surprised Fithea as she sat in a sanctuary of trees. Not a wild, overgrown place, but neatly-grown. Not trimmed, no, but each plant in its place.
A Dryad’s home. It was Fithea who sat there, looking gnarled and…sad. Yes, sad. Because she was so old. She was wood turned to stone. And Ryoka thought—it meant she had lost something. Everything.
“Thank you for speaking with me, Ryoka Griffin. They call you Wind Runner. I know you now, more than before. More than Courier. Friend of the furthest travellers. Friend of Fae.”
Ryoka shivered. Fithea knew! The Dryad stared at Ryoka, with such an intense longing…
“That voice. Never have I heard it, yet I heard voices. That night. What did you do? Once, I knew, there were some visitors. The winter folk come, but only for winter and tricks. How did you…?”
“I’ve been to their lands, Fithea. Should I call you um, Lady Fithea or honored…?”
The Dryad’s smile was bleak and bitter.
“Those are names this kingdom gives me. Conservator of Forests. Half-Elves speak to me as if they owned the forests. They forget. I am Fithea the Last. Fithea Deadwood. Do you know me?”
Ryoka gulped.
