Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 15
“Potions. Potions are good. All your Soldiers should have potions. Redfangs use potions.”
“I am intrigued. Tell me more.”
Numbtongue gave him a blank look.
“Potions. You use them. You heal. Or get effects. Like…spitting fire. Potions are good.”
Yellow Splatters hesitated.
“The Antinium do not use potions. Ever.”
“Really? What if you get hurt?”
“We have a healing gel. That we seldom use. Soldiers have a recovery area. There they live or die.”
Numbtongue shook his head. That sounded like a poor Goblin tribe.
“Potions heal everything fast.”
“So I understand. And the Hive has a supply. A very…large supply, in fact. But Revalantor Klbkch has designated such stores off-limits except in case of war, or emergency.”
“Okay. So get more.”
“How?”
“Steal? Kill adventurers? Or…buy?”
“Buy?”
The Hobgoblin nodded uncertainly. He wasn’t completely in on this concept either. But since the first two options weren’t viable around Liscor—
“Potions cost money. You have money, right?”
“I have a stipend allocated to me by Klbkch, yes.”
“Can you buy a potion with it?”
Yellow Splatters opened his mandibles slowly.
“…I have never purchased anything except for food from Miss Erin. Have you?”
“No…”
They stared at each other. Antinium and Goblins didn’t buy anything. But the thought was beguiling. And Numbtongue had seen Lyonette coming in with food that she’d bought with the shiny coins Erin gave to him. And Yellow Splatters had seen the same while marching through the city.
“You have coins.”
“Yup. See?”
Numbtongue found some silver and two gold coins stuffed in his desk. Erin had paid him for guarding the inn along with the other Redfangs. They’d been keepsakes. Useless. Until now. Yellow Splatters produced his own money pouch. He poured the coins onto the table. Numbtongue stared at the bronze, silver, and gold. Yellow Splatters stared at the pile and him.
“…Is that enough for a potion?”
“Maybe? Maybe one.”
The Hobgoblin had no idea. He thought about asking Erin. Did she know how much a potion was worth? Maybe Ceria? Yellow Splatters opened his mandibles and clicked, clearing his throat.
“I could…attempt to look at some in Liscor. However, I do not know if the [Alchemists] there would allow me into their stores. Obtaining potions…that would be very useful. Very.”
Numbtongue nodded. Potions were every Goblin’s dream. You could save your life with one. Even the Redfangs, who were rich, had coveted every bottle they found. Speaking of which…Numbtongue frowned at his belt. He had two healing potions. And another stashed under his pillow.  Erin had given them to him, but she’d gotten hers from—his eyes widened.
“Want to look at some? I know a place.”
“In Liscor? You are banned from the city.”
Numbtongue scowled and then suppressed it.
“No. But I think—we can go there. Follow me.”
Casually, he left his room and went downstairs. Yellow Splatters swept his and Numbtongue’s money into his pouch and followed. Erin was downstairs, serving guests. They looked at Numbtongue when he came down, but no one caused a scene this time.
“Erin. Can we go somewhere? With the door?”
Numbtongue innocently walked over to Erin. She looked around suspiciously, but when she heard what he wanted, she nodded after a moment.
“Sure. I mean, if you’re just visiting her. Don’t let her rip you off! Tell you what—the Pallass crowd’ll riot if I don’t keep the door open there. But I can let you two through and…check on you in ten minutes? Just tell Octavia that if she scams you, I’ll rip off her arm or something. Got it?”
