Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 24
“Yeah. What, you’ve never touched a frying pan?”
“…I actually think this is the first time in my life. That’s regrettable, isn’t it?”
Erin just stared at Altestiel. He looked like he was having genuine fun. And perhaps—
Were they still on the date? Was that walk in the Floodplains a date?
It had been fun. Erin had been unsure of herself for the first six minutes, nervous, awkward—right up until the Earl demonstrated the slip-and-slide nature of the water bridges and slid down a hill like a kid. Then Erin had joined him.
And they’d talked! Mostly about chess. He did love the game and had quizzed Erin intensely on the game of Go, which he’d been hesitant to pick up because there wasn’t as much documented strategy. Erin owed him a game of Go.
All that was fun. Was that…?
Erin supposed, the question was, could she see herself doing more than that? And the answer was…
 
—-
 
“Okay, so Go allows you to place a piece wherever. But the same strategies apply in the small area. That’s actually sort of easy—you’ve seen capturing pieces.”
“In a sense, simpler than chess since each go piece is static. You simply surround and conquer.”
Altestiel nodded. Erin grinned.
Numbtongue, Garry, Dawil…no one else was there. Well, that wasn’t quite right. Two [Servants] were waiting just out of sight. And Kiish was probably still lurking about. Like a ghost.
But the dining room was quite splendidly lit. The fireplace was second fiddle to the mage lights hanging in the air. Erin kept glancing around the furnished room. It was so…rich. Yet comfy! What really impressed her was the grand dining table. It could fit all of Altestiel’s guests who came to his home.
They were sitting by the glass window instead. A magnificent glass frontage that looked out onto Desonis’ swamps. And it was more beautiful than Erin had imagined, even with Altestiel telling her all that.
His mansion, like most of the architecture, was high off the ground. So the style was to have these open windows or terraces that gave you a long look across the scenery. In the sun and spring, the marshes bloomed with color. When it rained, it was an awesome sight.
Erin sat next to Altestiel, placing stones and showing him a standard move.
“It’s just that you’re playing the entire board while fighting the small encounters. You can’t let your opponent build up on any one side—”
“Splitting your attention. I hate it, thank you. This is why I have [Strategists]—to fight the areas I can’t devote my attention to.”
“It’s just like chess. Stop being so hesitant. Let’s play!”
Erin elbowed the Earl as he sat next to her. Altestiel sighed.
“You only say that because you’ll beat me the first twenty games. I insist on using my Skills.”
“If I beat you—promise you won’t make it rain?”
“I promise nothing. If I beat you, what do I get?”
“Stop it.”
Erin elbowed again. She turned to look at him—
 
—-
 
“Um. Miss Erin?”
Garry waved a hand in front of her face. The [Innkeeper] started. It was just…
A daydream. She looked around. And saw Altestiel beaming over his crepe—which he’d accidentally folded in two.
She nearly shot out of the kitchen. What was that? Erin had—well, she’d done what was suggested! Could she see herself and Altestiel…?
“Erin, this is the silliest thing I’ve ever seen.”
Lyonette had been watching from the kitchen’s entrance. She saw the [Innkeeper] rushing at her and Erin dragged her into the Garden.
“Lyonette. I need your help.”
“I’m not making your suitors go away. Reject them if you don’t like—”
“Tell me about Earl Altestiel. Please.”
Lyonette hesitated.
“What?”
“You know the Earl, right?”
