Interlude – Bird
Page 1
Bird turned. The Worker was not holding his bow, as was customary. Instead he was holding something strange in his hand. Bevussa blinked. All four of the Worker’s hands were clutching a mess of…
“Goose feathers?”
“Yes. They are goose feathers. Would you trade them with me?”
Bird offered the feathers to Bevussa. She hesitated and reached out to take one, then stopped. The Garuda looked around, suspecting a prank. Erin on the other hand knew better and rushed forwards.
“Bird, no! Bevussa, I’m sorry. Let me handle this. Bird, you know what I said about bothering Bevussa.”
“But I put away my bow.”
“Yeah, but you can’t just—why are you holding feathers?”
“To trade. I am told trading is a perfectly acceptable form of barter. I wish to trade.”
“But—hold on, are those from the pillows in your room?”
“…Maybe?”
Erin stared at Bird. She scratched her head, stared at the feathers, then decided to drop the issue. She folded her arms and looked sternly at the Worker.
“Bird, I know you really like…well, birds. But Bevussa’s busy and you can’t bother her. Especially about birds.”
“Oh. I am sorry.”
Bird physically drooped. His antennae sagged and he turned around and began to shuffle towards the stairs. Bevussa, who was still completely confused, felt bad and called out.
“Hold on, Erin. Why can’t uh, Bird speak with me?”
The [Innkeeper] turned. She hesitated as Bird stopped hopefully.
“It’s complicated. Bevussa, I really don’t know how to explain this, but Bird’s…well, he’s not like the other Antinium.”
“That is correct. I am Bird.”
“Right! And I don’t want to alarm you, but he really like birds. And I thought that y’know, since you have wings…”
Bevussa laughed lightly.
“Oh come on. It can’t be worse than what I get from Drakes all the time. Let Bird sit with me. I’ll share a drink with him.”
Erin visibly hesitated. She looked from Bevussa to Bird and the Garuda got the feeling that Erin was doing some rapid risk-assessment.
“Are you sure? I mean, if you’re willing that’d be great. Bird really wanted to meet you, but me and Klbkch and Pawn and Belgrade and Anand all thought—if he says or does anything weird, you can tell him not to. And I’ll be over here…”
Amused, the Garuda waved Erin back to the bar.
“Sure. Just sort out which barrel has what. Come on, Bird. Sit down.”
“Are you sure? Miss Erin told me not to bother you if you are busy. Are you busy?”
Bird hesitated as Bevussa drew up a stool. The Garuda frowned as she gave Erin a quick glance. The [Innkeeper] gave Bevussa a mixture of hand gesture and facial expressions only a Goblin could interpret. The Gold-rank adventurer gave up on interpreting it and looked at Bird.
“I’m not.”
“Oh. Good. Then I will bother you.”
Bird sat down instantly in the chair across from Bevussa. He stared at her. He was still holding the feathers. Bevussa stared at them, and then at Bird. She coughed.
“So…sorry about that. Nice to meet you. We’ve never formally been introduced, have we? I’ve seen you around, I mean, but—I’m Bevussa, Gold-rank, and uh, second-in-command of the Wings of Pallass.”
Bird nodded.
“I am Bird. I am a Worker in the Hive only now I am an Individual. I work in Miss Erin’s inn.”
“I’ve…noticed. Have you worked here long?”
The Worker shook his head.
“No. I was assigned to Miss Erin’s inn by Revalantor Klbkch as a matter of security and to protect Miss Erin and to act in a capacity which I am not allowed to inform you about. I have only been here for a little while, but I have my own room and a tower to shoot birds from.”
“Birds as in…other birds. Not you, right?”
