Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 3
A flying Gnoll, Mrsha, in this case, leapt off the table and shot towards him. Halrac caught her rather than let her drop and she hugged him gleefully. Revi and Typhenous started guffawing at the look on Halrac’s face as Mrsha tried to nuzzle his face and Erin laughed.
Someone else slapped her thighs and nearly doubled over. Erin turned as Briganda, eyes streaming, pointed at Halrac as he tried to get Mrsha to let go.
“Halrac the Grim! More like ‘Halrac the Softie’! Hah! Wait till I tell Elm and Cassielle about this!”
Erin saw Briganda stride over. The [Shield Maiden] grabbed Erin in a one-arm and wrapped an arm around Halrac and Mrsha. She gave them all a bear hug. Erin squeaked.
“Let. Go.”
Halrac growled. He retreated, letting Mrsha drop to the floor. She and Erin turned to the woman.
Erin’s first impression of Briganda was a smiling face. She was probably ten years older than Erin—still young, but she seemed more motherly. That wasn’t just a lucky guess either; she had that sense of looking out for children.
“Hello! Who are you?”
“The name’s Briganda. I’m a member of Griffon Hunt. One of the old crew. I just rejoined. And are you Erin Solstice? I’ve heard so much about you!”
“Really? I mean, hi! Any teammate of Griffon Hunt’s is welcome. I’m Erin—this is Mrsha—”
“I know! Hello, little one! Is she yours? Halrac didn’t say. And he didn’t say she was so adventurous! She’d be a regular [Swashbuckler]!”
Briganda knelt down. Mrsha blinked up at her, but then boldly rose onto two legs and stuck out a paw. Briganda clasped it and shook vigorously. And Mrsha was quite pleased by the [Shield Maiden]’s bold smile.
“Mine…? No, Mrsha’s, uh—I mean, I raise her, but she’s not mine. She’s—”
“Mine. Hello. Halrac, Revi, Typhenous! And did I hear Briganda? I’m Lyonette, the manager of the inn.”
The [Princess] came over. Briganda turned and her eyebrows shot up. She looked at Lyonette, who was eighteen or closer to nineteen these days, up and down.
“Well! You started early, but she’s a darling child! And who’s the man, I mean, Gnoll?”
“Oh—”
Halrac slapped his face. Revi choked and Typhenous starting chuckling into his beard again.
“Briganda—”
“Oh. Oh. Dead gods, tell me these things, Halrac!”
Briganda grew flustered as she saw Halrac’s face. She turned to Lyonette.
“Males, am I right? Up and leaving you? Sorry about that. I’d like to say mine ran off, but I never knew who it was! I have a kid myself.”
She smiled as Lyonette’s face contorted, trying to sort out what part of the misunderstanding to address first. Erin started laughing.
“It’s so good to see you all! Give me a hug, Typh! You too, Revi!”
The old man was only too glad to, and Mrsha raised her arms so she could be picked up and hugged. Revi embraced Erin lightly, laughing.
“It feels like ages since we saw you! Erin! How did you manage to get Pallass attacked by Wyverns?”
Erin colored.
“I didn’t—that was just a coincidence! I think! You’re looking good! New stitches?”
“You noticed?”
That was a guess, but Revi was beyond pleased. She scooped Mrsha up and the Gnoll promptly licked her cheek. Mrsha liked Revi.
“Come in, sit, sit! Did you get to Invrisil at the same time as the Horns? What’s happened?”
“Aside from travelling and Halrac punching our old teammate? Nothing much.”
“Whaaaaaat?”
“Why don’t we sit? Erin—any chance of a drink and some food?”
Halrac cleared his throat, avoiding Erin’s gaze. The young woman brightened up.
“Oh my gosh! You have to try the Minotaur’s Punch, Halrac! I mean, the flaming glory drink! I mean—I can make fire!”
