Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 18
Yerranola began. Venaz clenched his fists.
“I don’t suppose you’d accept a duel, Captain Therrium?”
“And spill blood needlessly? No, Minotaur. I’m a practical [Captain]. No fool, like Rasea. We’ll be gone without blood spilled—well, other than already spilled. And let the world see how the Undersea Crews work.”
The Captain spoke, looking at the sky. Then he glanced around.
The scrying orb was still there. The [Mages] had enhanced it as much as possible, but it was barely more than an aerial view. But the [Depth Captain] was still visible.
And—Captain Therrium ignored Noass babbling about the ‘exciting and unexpected new developments’. He narrowed his eyes at the Drowned Man with a half-Crab body. Seborn stared into the picture.
“Ah. My boy.”
Captain Therrium spoke slowly. He reached for the orb. Seborn’s eyes narrowed. He cut off the Drake.
“Noass. I recognize that [Depth Captain] and crew.”
“You do? Tell us—who are they?”
The [Rogue] spoke slowly. And it was as if he locked eyes with his father from afar.
“That would be The Passing Shadow, one of the Undersea Crews. And the [Depth Captain] is Captain Therrium Sailwinds.”
“Sailwinds? Um—no relation?”
Noass grinned. Seborn folded his arms.
“Relation. Captain Therrium is a lawless [Thief]. Despised even by other Drowned Folk for not honoring his word. A backstabbing shrimp.”
The crew of The Passing Shadow jolted to a stop. They slowly turned to stare at Captain Therrium. The [Depth Captain]’s eyes narrowed. But then he grinned.
“Arrogant brat. I’ll give him his dues with this. And a lashing, which he also deserves. Load it up! And hurry! I don’t intend to stick around! I want us diving and out of range in five minutes!”
He roared at his crew. They lugged the chest towards the ship. Wil helplessly watched. His mind spun with ideas—all of which Niers would have termed ‘death-inviting’. Therrium was just…too cautious. He kept his crew on the decks, aiming their weapons at The Emerald Signet. Perhaps if Captain Lasc used [Depth Explosion]? But—that probably only worked underwater.
And—the Bloodtear Pirates weren’t here. No one was coming. So, as the Drowned Folk carried the casket, the [King] sighed. He raised one hand.
Sand flurried up from the casket, blowing the lid open. A figure rose from the deck as Therrium whirled. An undead [King] stood on the decks. His eyes flashed.
“Thieves. The Swords of Serept are not yours to take. Begone from this vessel.”
Fetohep of Khelt looked at Therrium. The [Depth Captain] recoiled, and then his eyes narrowed.
“Fetohep of Khelt.”
He nodded, slightly. The ruler of Khelt’s flaming sockets flashed with light. He turned his head and the Drowned Crew froze. The ones holding the casket hesitated.
“Relinquish my treasure to this ship, Drowned Man. It is not yours to take.”
The [Depth Captain] glanced at Fetohep, and then at Wil.
“And if I were to promise they’d reach Khelt? They will not by The Emerald Signet. The ship is mine, as are its treasures. But I’d not be averse to taking the same offer. Three blades, for a lifetime.”
Fetohep’s gaze had been flashing silent ire at Wil. Slowly, his head rotated.
“Did you mishear me, mortal? I gave you an order.”
Captain Therrium was taken aback.
“You…intend for me to put the treasure I’ve taken back? What of your deal?”
The undead ruler sighed.
“Mortals. You seem to not understand. My offer extends only to Wil Kallinad. Gratitude to the one who discovered my artifacts. It is not a ransom. And you have taken this ship? What of it? My treasure is mine. I do not negotiate with thieves.”
