Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 34
A broken copper Golem had once, apparently, been nicknamed Voltson. Because it had possessed the ability to generate bolts of lightning and conduct it through its copper body.
“Wistram Academy actually came to inspect it. Even now, it’s a work of art.”
The tour guide—and that was actually [Guide], a class designed for such things—was proudly telling an audience. Nsiia shuddered. That was a dangerous Golem.
She came to one last Golem that caught her immediate attention. This one was almost entirely rubble. It had been—according to the plaques which listed physical details as well as history—forty feet high, and possessed of multiple magical shields, as well as mounted ballistae, and armor made of an advanced alloy.
It was also quite modern—just three hundred years old. Nsiia stared at the plaque.
“Zimedoan. What destroyed this Golem?”
The [Guards] chuckled—before they realized she was serious. The Senior Guardsman, whose name was Cerin, pointed with reverence.
“Why, it was none other than Archmage Zelkyr himself, Empress. This was the result of Zelkyr’s Challenge to Illivere. When the Drake sailed here to prove whose mastery of Golems was strongest.”
Nsiia looked up at the history—which was mounted above the pieces. Her skin tingled pleasantly. Archmage Zelkyr had fought this? And won.
“Do you hold him in high esteem?”
“Archmage Zelkyr? The Truestone Shaper? Of course, Highborn! He is the finest Drake the Walled Cities ever produced. No one in living memory ever equaled his achievements. If he had been born in Illivere…”
Cerin trailed off. Envy and longing in his voice. Nsiia looked at him.
“Did you want to be a crafter, Cerin?”
The man jumped.
“Doesn’t anyone, Highborn? But I wasn’t ever that good with my hands in the school classes and I wasn’t born into a Crafter-family. I am saving up for a Golem, though…”
Before he could go on, Nsiia heard and felt something break the contemplative silence of the palace. It was a scream of pain. No—a yowl.
She took off running before her escort. Nsiia leapt down the hallways towards the screaming and found—
A cat. And blood.
It was lying outside the palace, hind legs mangled. Lower body too—a Golem had walked over it and the cat hadn’t dodged in time.
“Those damn animals! It’s got blood all over my Golem!”
A man was quite upset—about his Golem. The ceramic Garuda looked light, but she was doubtless heavier than any actual Garuda. Nsiia stared at the cat. No one was helping the poor creature.
“Healing potion.”
She snapped at the panting squad. The [Senior Guardsman] fumbled for a potion and Nsiia grabbed it. Everyone stared as she bent to the cat.
Rather than slash at her it tried to crawl forwards. It knew her. Nsiia poured the potion on the body and saw flesh heal—but not the shattered bones.
“You poor thing.”
She whispered. The cat looked up at her, trying to move its legs and making a sound of entreaty.
“What are you doing, woman? It’s a wild cat! We have enough of them without wasting potions!”
The Golem’s owner was disgusted. Nsiia rose, slowly, picking up the cat and cradling it in her arms.
“This cat will never walk again because your Golem broke its legs.”
“And? Animals are temporary. This shall last for centuries.”
The man pointed at the beautiful statue accompanying him. Nsiia’s eyes narrowed. She looked around at Elbe, a city who loved Golems more than animals—or people. The man was pouring water on the bloody talons of the Garuda-Golem.
“Take that thing away if you must. It’s already ruined the paint on Sheka. I will have to have it redone! And who will pay for…?”
 
—-
 
