Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 12
“They’re coming from four vectors of attack and split up their army almost equally. We could hold in one giant formation…”
“…And be pincered.”
Lacking the ridgeline to put their backs against a wall, Olesm only had the sloping terrain. He hadn’t realized this would be a defensive battle, so, cursing, he divided his forces up as well. He put an Antinium force with Bepol, took command of one army, let Belgrade have a third, and put Wing Commander Embria in charge of the fourth. Olesm was halfway through watching his forces slam into Hectval’s when Manus struck the Antinium under his command.
“Archers! Archers!”
The first thing Olesm saw was a shower of frozen spikes of ice, like Ceria’s spell, explode among [Crusaders]. It showered off their armor and carapaces, but didn’t seem to do much damage.
More frozen ice exploded amongst them, then blooms of fire. The steam rising from their armor, the Antinium [Crusaders] lifted their shields as Olesm saw a force on a hilltop loosing arrows at extreme range.
His [Archers] tried to return fire, but they had elevation—and there weren’t more than…fifty?…with bows. But each one had an enchanted arrow. Olesm saw the ice melting to water around the [Crusaders]. He began to shout.
“Scatter! Scatter formation!”
The Antinium got the message and moved apart, but the third volley of lightning arrows struck the water and Antinium as Olesm watched.
Bodies fell to the ground as Hectval pressed in, cheering. Olesm saw them shouting gleefully, pushing past the gaps in the Antinium’s lines, and raised a claw finger. He aimed it at the first rank and spoke.
“[Instantaneous Bombardment]. Pull the Antinium back.”
A hail of arrows cut down Hectval’s front line and stopped the cheering. The Antinium fell back, and after more fighting, so did Hectval.
Olesm lost over a hundred Antinium.
 
——
 
After that, Olesm began digging fortifications, creating forts of dirt using the Antinium. Just in time, too; he realized Hectval was spreading out further.
“Some groups are even trying to get around us. Not big. We could ignore them.”
Ramia growled as they studied Scout Leader Maksie’s reports. Bepol shook his head.
“They’ll hit us from behind in raids or our supply line. Or maybe just go after Liscor. I think we need to move out.”
“…That’s what they want. No. That’s what Manus wants.”
Olesm saw it, clear as day. The spreading out of forces could only help Manus in their goal to fight the Antinium. Bunched up, Liscor’s army was far more of a threat. Spread out…the Antinium were on their own.
It fell to him to make a choice. Olesm pointed at the map.
“Bepol, you and Ramia have the left, Embria’s roaming. Belgrade has the right.”
“And what will you do, Commander?”
Surprised, Ramia turned to him. Olesm bared his teeth.
“I’m going Manus-hunting.”
 
——
 
He did his best. He saw Manus coming. He saw the Gnoll.
Spearmaster Lulv. If Olesm had to guess who held that adamantium-tipped spear…he was no fool. He could guess based on the number of [Spearmasters] in Manus.
The Gnoll leapt down a steep cliff face, so steep that the infantry looked like they were charging almost straight down. Olesm hadn’t expected that, but he instantly assumed a Skill.
“Got you. Antinium! Turn and brace! [Archers]! Prepare yourselves!”
Olesm rode towards Manus’ lines, and Hectval’s forces saw a group of nearly two hundred mounted archers join the ones already under Bepol and Ramia’s command. He had been waiting to ambush them. Olesm’s claw aimed straight at the [Spearmaster], wavered, aimed towards Manus’ lines.
