Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 38
“I want it done, Krshia. And I’ll pay to put it up all over the place if I ever get lots of money.”
“But why?”
The [Innkeeper]’s eyes glittered.
“Because it matters. Because even if the memory isn’t one I can show Orreh exactly—that’s how I’m going to remember Zineryr. Holding down six idiots with one hand tied behind his back.”
Orreh gulped and nodded, and after receiving an appropriate downpayment, he began to work out some prototypes for The Wandering Inn’s first actual piece of art aside from Mrsha’s drawings.
When it was done, Erin promised it would be shown in the common room, for all to see. And if they asked, she’d gladly tell them a story about the tale of the last Gnome.
 
——
 
That was how you remembered them. In any city, however they changed, there were still memorials like that.
Often, only for the rich or influential. The people like the [Baker] named Garry would not get a statue that lasted whereas a rich noble who stole designs from Drowned Folk might have a statue that lasted three thousand years until someone blew it up.
However—the unfairness of who got a statue was not the point. It missed the mark that everyone should have one.
If they mattered to you, and you would die, perhaps the true way to remember them was to make sure they’d last forever in words or stone. The [Garden of Sanctuary] was a gift, but it was also painful and heavy.
It would only last as long as you, and then another garden would come to the person who needed it. Who was worthy.
One last city was having an unusual day. And that was Invictel. The largest capital of the frozen north, the Iron Vanguard’s stronghold.
Dullahans living in this city sometimes claimed that the smoke from the foundries could keep the city warm alone. However, the founders of this city hadn’t wanted to risk it.
In Baleros’ north, the snap-freezes could make trees explode with the cold. And blizzards could rain down so much snow that they’d bury a building in dozens of feet of it over weeks.
It was a harsh place. However, that was why Invictel was built the way it was—that was to say, enclosed.
Unlike the Drowned Cities, it had no bubble-shield which would have protected it against snow. Nor did Invictel fear armies climbing its walls, so it was no Walled City. Dullahans were distinctly against copying Drake culture.
Invictel was like a giant shell of metal and stone, from which the only openings jettisoned steam or smoke or were windows into the white landscape. Only during the brief summers would the city open much.
Bleak iron and grey stone from the soot against the landscape. Invictel looked like a misshapen piece of metal in the distance. A city as armored as the folk inside.
However, inside Invictel, the Dullahan city was as bright and extraordinary as any city—just like Dullahans could be so reserved to strangers and outsiders.
Right now, Invictel, never booming with wild and raucous sounds, was quiet. Quiet…with that kind of held breath. Many Dullahan cities probably were like this at this time, but this city was especially silent.
For they were still watching a lone Drake slowly opening the door to a keep in a [Garden of Sanctuary].
The [Honest Reporter] had forgotten her promise to Erin. It was long past forty-five minutes. But to be fair to Drassi—she had almost forgotten she was reporting at all.
“I think…I think the door is open enough for us to enter. Jewel? Jewel, do you want to…?”
