Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 40
Wil raised his sword. He saw the Drowned Crews falling back in disarray. The Emerald Signet was sailing into an oblivion of rain. It hammered the decks. And the storm was blowing the ship forwards.
“Admiral! We can’t stay in the storm! We have to—”
A [Storm Sailor] broke off as Seagrass snarled. He slashed at Rasea and she staggered as the energy-sapping blade cut her. He looked at Yerranola and Wil.
“Sword or not, you can’t defeat me. Give up.”
He warned the Selphid and Wil. The two [Strategists] looked at each other. They glanced at Fetohep. The [King] waved a hand.
“I have given you enough aid.”
Damn. Wil saw Seagrass advancing. He saw a Sea Serpent rising behind the [Stormlord Captain]. Seagrass gestured. The Sea Serpent reared back.
And a shape exploded out of the depths. It yanked the Sea Serpent down. The surprised monster screamed once. As something larger ate it.
Seagrass paused. He was still pointing. He turned his head. Wil froze. He saw the waves move. And in the distance—one of the Storm Ships making for The Emerald Signet exploded.
A shape burst out of the waves. It snapped the frigate in half. Wil saw the entire ship crash into the waves. And he saw the waters break as another ship disappeared. It was—
“The Kraken?”
Yerranola whispered. No. It was—a whale. Wil saw a gigantic head. And—teeth. The Tearwhale surfaced, and snapped a [Pirate] boat in half.
“Tearwhale pod! They’re in a feeding frenzy!”
A [Storm Captain] turned his ship. Captain Rasea leapt to her feet.
“Evasive! Damn! Stop attacking my ship!”
“Damn them! Damn you all! Back to the ship! Dive! Get out of range!”
Therrium howled. His crew flooded back to his ship. Captain Seagrass stared at the frenzy in the waters as the whale tore apart one of his pet Sea Serpents. A massive shape surfaced and Wil saw a frenzied eye. Biting jaws—he shielded his face as the Tearwhale crashed back into the sea.
“Get out of here!”
Even Rasea was running for her ship as a whale hit it from below. But Admiral Seagrass? He turned back, blade poised. And a figure charged him. He swung his sword. And beheaded Yerranola.
“Yerra!”
Wil shouted in horror. But the Selphid’s body kept moving. She tackled Seagrass. And he stared at the headless Selphid. Too late—he put the sword through her chest. But he missed her. And she rushed him towards the railing.
“Get lost!”
The [Stormlord Captain] went over the railing. Yerranola raised her arms. Wil saw something orange peeking through her decapitated neck. She turned as the [Storm Sailors] looked after their leader and then dove over the sides.
“Selphids rule! Did you see that, Wil? I did it!”
A tiny voice was coming from her inner body. Wil stared as the headless body held up a hand to high-five. He weakly slapped her hand.
“Did Yerra just throw Lord Seagrass off the ship?”
Inky was leaning on Venaz as the Minotaur dragged her over. Wil looked around.
Peki was lying on the deck as Merrik flopped down. Feshi was backing up from the obedient undead who were following her. Delivan was leaning on the helm as Captain Lasc clutched at his side. [Storm Sailors] were looking around for the enemy.
But there were none left. The storm engulfed the ships. And the Tearwhales—
Wil felt an impact that threw him to the deck. All the ships were fleeing. And the predators of the deeps were hungry.
“Take us out of here! We’re sailing into the storm!”
Captain Lasc seized the wheel. Wil Kallinad saw Fetohep studying the whales. The ruler addressed Wil.
