Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 17
Octavia peeked out her door again and counted. Then she shook her head. And even if they got all of them, Quelm had, what, four times that many lurking about. He’d gone mad. And it was Octavia’s fault. Well, he’d started it by stealing her designs. But…
“Can’t wriggle out of it this time, Octavia Cotton. It was a bad deal and you knew it. You should have just let it lie. Now you’ve got to pay up. It’s just twelve silver. Twice a week.”
Octavia stared blankly at her shop.
“I have to move. To Remendia. Ocre. Or Esthelm. Yeah. They don’t have an [Alchemist], right? Or if they do, how good can they be? City gets sacked by the Goblin Lord—there’s bound to be plenty of business opportunities! I hold on, make a few preparations…Quelm’s not watching the gates, right?”
Her eyes flicked to the window, and then to the magic door again. If only—
“Erin. Ten gold? I could manage that.”
It was all her savings. But if Erin swung it for her…Octavia hesitated. Ten gold wouldn’t buy enough Silver-rank teams for a fight with that many thugs. Not to mention the City Watch wasn’t getting involved. They were bought-off. Or something. Quelm had Octavia’s gold. And his sales from the matches. And…
She was sitting behind her counter. Octavia buried her head in her hands.
“I thought she liked me. A bit? I know I’m a bit pushy. But I thought Krshia—or the Horns—we have a business relationship. I’m still selling to Krshia. Surely—”
She stared down at her counter it was swimming a bit.
“Did they all hate me that much?”
Nothing in her shop answered her. After a moment though, Octavia heard a jingle. She looked up. At least she had this. She put a smile on her face.
“Welcome to Stitchworks, friend! How can I interest you in my potions? Four silver off any first purchase and—ulp!”
She stared at the rough figure that had pushed open the door. Octavia slowly closed her mouth and sat down. The [Thug] grinned at her. He was rough-shaven and smelled of sweat.
“Morning, Miss Octavia.”
“Ah. H-hello. How’re things? Checking in on the shop? I paid yesterday, you know. Promptly and on time! There’s no need for…”
Octavia could normally out-talk anyone she met. But the words dried up as the man looked around her shop. She could see the long knife at his belt. But that wasn’t what terrified her. String People didn’t fear knives. It was fire she feared. Fire and those who caused it.
“Looks like you haven’t got much business. Alchemist Quelm’s concerned.”
“Is—is he? Well, you can assure him that I’ll get him his money.”
Esthelm. She could move tonight if she found a good [Wagon Driver]. And if they weren’t watching her shop. The [Thug] looked around and shrugged.
“So you say. But he’s concerned. And since he’s so worried, he sent me and some of the guys around to help you sell.”
For a second Octavia was confused. Was Quelm mad? Did he think this would be a good [Shop Assistant]? She stared as the [Thug] went over to one of her shelves of potions.
“Help me sell? He really doesn’t need to—hey! Wait! What are you doing?”
The [Thug] was grabbing bottles off the shelf. Octavia rushed around her counter.
“No! Those are mine! Here, you want next payment? I can make it! Tell Quelm—”
She grabbed at her money drawer and realized it was locked. The [Thug] just shook his head. He grinned at her, exposing bright, well-kept teeth. Octavia felt they should have been rotten or replaced by gold.
“Alchemist Quelm has decided there’s a new deal. You’ll be selling your potions through his store. You’ll get your cut—but everything goes through him, got it?”
