Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 6
Embria looked pleased. Palt was good at being part of the table. He nodded and began telling everyone about Balerosian armies and fighting. And Erin experienced her first pleasant conversation with Embria. That was the first time, right?
 
—-
 
The processed cocoa beans arrived at last. Erin threw up her hands and danced around as she saw the sack of shells, and the glorious little nibs that would become chocolate. Then she paused.
“Uh oh. That’s not a lot.”
Indeed, cocoa beans were the inner part of the cacao fruit, and they shrunk during fermentation. And drying…and the nibs themselves were um…small. The dried beans were mostly shell.
Still, there was a decently large sack Ishkr had brought back and Erin was all-in so far. Lyonette was prepared too. She had a stone bowl and a new device she’d bought for this very occasion.
“A stone grinder from Pallass. See? You put the nibs in the bowl and you just rotate this handle and the stone wheel spins.”
“Oh hey, that’s like a big grinder [Alchemists] use. I was thinking of buying one. Mind if I borrow it from time to time?”
Octavia had come out of her room at last. The [Alchemist] had been going mining with Numbtongue from time to time, but she’d also been supervising her new shop. But mainly, she was just lazing about; Erin gathered it was a new experience for Octavia. She certainly ate a lot whenever it was time for food. Apparently she sometimes missed breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
“You can buy your own. I’m not having bugs in my grinder.”
Lyonette stared at Octavia. The [Alchemist] opened her mouth, and nodded.
“Right. Er, I do mulch roaches and stuff. So—how’s this chocolate being made?”
The last step of chocolate was simple. And hard. What you did with the little nibs you’d acquired after all that work was…grind them up. Grind them up, add some sugar, cinnamon, other stuff to give chocolate that taste and you had chocolate.
But even this single process out of all the steps was labor-intensive. Erin and Lyonette began rotating the stone grinder, pulverizing the little nibs in the bowl. They had a wooden handle they took turns rotating—but it was tiring and they soon began calling in the staff to help.
“Wow, this is hard work! And we paid for fermentation, winnowing, and we’d have had to have dried it and roasted it without Palt.”
“Happy to help.”
The Centaur was idly pointing at the wheel and making it spin as Ishkr took a break. Erin stared at him.
“Can you do that all the time? Or make a spell?”
Palt pursed his lips.
“…Give me a table’s worth of space for a magical diagram and I could probably make it work. Although you’d have to have a trigger mechanism to make it stop spinning if it’s drawing in ambient mana. And if you moved the bowl at all, it would break my circuit. Now, an [Enchanter] could reduce the diagram down, make it smoother—”
“Or I could pay Ishkr to grind it. Gotcha.”
Palt nodded. Erin watched as the nibs began to become…chocolate.
First it was a mash, a semi-solid pulp of the ground mixture. But it was already chocolate, just rough, not yet purely one thing. But with each run through the grinder—and it was a slow process—the chocolate kept getting more and more smooth as it blended.
“Look! It’s getting liquidy! Chocolate! We have chocolate!”
Erin danced about excitedly. Lyonette smiled. She took a bit of chocolate from the edge of the bowl and tasted it. She made a face.
“That’s fairly bitter.”
“Well, yeah, it’s dark. We need to add sugar. Keep grinding, Ishkr! Switch out with someone else in uh, ten minutes?”
