Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 8
Wilovan and Ratici looked at Reynold. The [Combat Butler] offered them a cup.
“Inebriation changes your gravity, sirs. Just don’t drink enough that you pass out.”
“Now this seems like a fellow who knows his drink.”
The two abandoned their wines and took a gulp. It went down hard and stung, but that was what you wanted. All three sighed. Then Reynold nodded.
“Gentlemen Callers?”
They stiffened. Both nearly went for their weapons, but Reynold glanced at them.
“I am in Lady Reinhart’s employ.”
“Ah. The Flower Lady.”
Wilovan murmured, relaxing slightly. Reynold nodded.
“I never did foray into it before becoming a [Butler]. But I am from the north.”
“Ah, then sir, you have us at a disadvantage, knowing our names and all. To whom are we speaking?”
“Do pardon me, gentlemen. Reynold, [Butler], at your service. Charmed to meet you.”
He gave both a firm handshake. Ratici and Wilovan smiled, and Reynold managed one himself.
Some things didn’t need to be said. Wilovan checked Reynold’s legs, as everyone did, and Ratici glanced down too. Reynold eyed their wear and tear, and thought of the reports he’d heard from Liscor, the Brotherhood of Serendipitous Meetings.
“It seems to me that I’d be rude to say it, but you were that fellow in the nasty ambush with the Guild, weren’t you?”
“…The very same.”
Wilovan looked at Reynold. Not even many of the guests had put that together. The Gnoll nodded slowly.
“Then, sir. I shall drop it and offer you my sincere apologies.”
“It’s…not necessary. Thank you for your discretion.”
Ratici nodded as well. He looked around at the gathering. They had known each other a minute, no more, and yet, the Drake was confident as he raised a cup.
“It’s been a difficult time, fellows. But that’s what a man has to do. A difficult time of late.”
It was a simple toast that said nothing and said it all. Reynold slowly tapped cups with the Drake and Gnoll. They drank in silence.
The [Server], who had watched the strange meeting in the center of Oteslia’s ballroom, felt someone tap her on the shoulder. One of Oteslia’s Wall Ladies stared at the three.
“…Excuse me. Who are they?”
 
——
 
Debonair. Now there was a word that said a lot. Too much, really, especially if someone used it to describe themselves. It was a word that said what a lot of other words could say much more simply. Fancy for fancy’s sake, perhaps, like ‘eloquent’ or ‘preface’. Sometimes things were too much gilding and not enough substance.
Now, the [Butler], the hat-men? They were style layered onto a lot of substance, which could and would kill you with a tap from a club that pushed your brains out your mouth. On the other hand…the Thronebearers were to [Knights] what debonair was to words.
Or so it seemed to anyone meeting them for the first time. Ser Lormel, Dame Ushar, Ser Sest, and Ser Dalimont of the Thronebearers of Calanfer marched in radiant pomposity towards her temporary home, followed by a seething gaggle of onlookers.
It did not matter that they were covered in grime; in fact, even as you watched, you could see Ser Lormel’s armor magically losing some of the lesser dents, cleaning itself.
“Now there’s a Skill that’s useless.”
Saliss shook his head as he watched the [Knight] gallivant forwards, bowing to some people in the crowd, giving the onlookers a real display of Terandrian etiquette. Which, it had to be said, the Drakes and Gnolls either found amusing, vaguely charming, or ludicrously stupid.
Mirn knew Saliss was shaken, and folded his arms.
“Self-cleaning armor? I’d trade one of my Skills for that. Does it do clothing too?”
