Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 30
But that was not who Numbtongue stared at. He had stopped as Erin took Mrsha forwards, explaining who they were and what a Bongcloud attack was. She didn’t even realize he had stopped until he spoke.
“Erin.”
The Goblin was clawing at his throat and chest. Actually clawing—Erin saw him tearing at his shirt. He was trying not to see, but his eyes were locked on the tallest figure. She looked back in alarm.
“Numbtongue? What’s wrong?”
“Who is—who is that?”
His voice cracked. The mists were still obscuring her—that was the only thing keeping him sane. He didn’t want to see. Something was screaming at him—a roar of so many voices, so deep down he feared it. Like the background noise of his soul. Erin turned. Then she saw what he was staring at.
“Sprigaena. The last Elf—”
 
——
 
The people in the inn not allowed into the [Garden] were trying to see the hill, but they couldn’t look into the mists. Those in the statue-area were waiting for Erin, but they couldn’t follow her.
It was a lot of standing around hoping to be let in on the mystery. Which was all very well if you craved it, but some people had their priorities straight.
Ulvama had taken three blankets into the rec room. She also had eight snack dishes, four drinks, and pillows on the couch. She could watch the enchanted scrying mirror at her leisure.
Because the [Shaman] had such a nice setup, a few others had decided to join her. Since they were still eating for free, Rasktooth and Infinitypear were chomping down. Ulvama hadn’t chased them off, just grumbled, but she did keep nudging Gothica for space. The [Goth] just poked back, and the [Shaman] was grumpily happy.
—Right until she heard the howl coming through the [Garden of Sanctuary]. It was like something primal, something deep in Ulvama’s core. She shot up, spilling popcorn everywhere as Rasktooth drew his dagger in a flash and Gothica leapt up with a shriek.
Every Goblin felt it. Numbtongue came hurtling out of the [Garden of Sanctuary], screaming murder. Ulvama raced out of the rec room after him. It sounded like—the [Shaman of the Old Ways] reached for memory and felt a chill.
It almost sounded like the way Velan the Kind had screamed when he became a Goblin King.
She was ready to cast a spell to knock Numbtongue into oblivion. But he did the job for her. He couldn’t harm anyone—including himself—in the [Garden]. He came crashing out into the common room and hit the far wall. Then he fell over backwards.
He—cracked Erin’s wall. Ulvama came skidding to a stop and stared as Erin came panting after him.
“Numbtongue! What happened?”
“What you do? What did you do?”
Ulvama put Erin in a headlock and was screaming at her when Relc got Erin free. Then she checked on the [Bard].
He was lucky he had a hard head—he hadn’t broken a bone. She was worried he’d concussed himself, but he woke up after a few minutes.
“Bad statue. I don’t want to see it.”
That was all he said. Erin looked just as shaken by what had just gone down.
“I swear, I had no idea that would happen. I was just showing him a statue—”
“Which statue, exactly?”
Chaldion called out from his table. One of his [Bodyguards] threw himself forwards as Erin actually tossed a drink at him. Erin panted.
“I’d show you, but you’re not allowed in. Anyone else got a smartass question? Because I’ll ban you. Bring it!”
She stared around, and Venaz lowered his hand. Erin was shaken herself, that was obvious. She gestured at the garden.
