Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 1
He looked at Yellow Splatters. The Painted Soldier stared at Mrsha. She stared back. He stared at her paws and remembered. The [Sergeant] nodded abruptly.
“We have met. Hello. I am Yellow Splatters. Do you remember me?”
The Gnoll cub sniffed at Yellow Splatters and frowned. But she looked at the pattern on his carapace and then nodded. Yellow Splatters hesitated and Numbtongue nudged him. The slight nod the Hobgoblin gave was enough. The [Sergeant] held out his hand. Mrsha sniffed it, then, carefully, held out her own paw.
She cautiously shook the offered hand. She nodded at Yellow Splatters, took another look at his bowl, and hopped off the table. The [Sergeant] watched her go. He stared at his hand.
“Soft.”
Numbtongue nodded after a moment. He eyed Yellow Splatters as he shoveled down more of his combination food. After a moment, Yellow Splatters returned to his meal. The Goblin considered the Antinium sitting next to him.
He didn’t understand the Soldiers’ reverence for everything. But he did connect with their love of good food. And more—he looked around and spotted a Gnoll passing by, holding a bowl.
“Ishkr.”
The Gnoll [Waiter] stopped. Numbtongue reached for the bowl he was carrying. The Gnoll sighed, but let him have it. The Hobgoblin placed the large bowl in front of Yellow Splatters.
“Try this.”
The Painted Soldier did. His mandibles clicked softly with the first bite.
“Soft. Cold. Wet. And sweet. What is it?”
“Ice cream.”
“It is cold!”
“Yes. Good, right?”
Numbtongue grinned at Yellow Splatters. And he was rewarded by an Antinium smile, mandibles raised and opening. The Hob was pleased—until he heard a voice snap at him.
“Numbtongue! Did you take the entire bowl? Ceria just helped us make that!”
Lyonette had noticed the purloining. The Hob hunched, but she strode over, hands on her hips. He pointed at the bowl as the [Princess] glared down at him.
“Sorry. Can I have some?”
“You already did. You mean for Yellow Splatters? Fine.”
The young woman sighed. Numbtongue brightened.
“Okay. Yellow Splatters. Now try this.”
He scooped the ice cream into the [Sergeant]’s bowl, covered it with acid flies, and held it out to Yellow Splatters. Lyonette looked queasy, but Yellow Splatters took the spoon and began to eat. His mandibles raised.
“Good! Cold and good.”
“Right?”
The Hobgoblin looked so pleased Lyonette didn’t have the heart to voice her own opinion on the matter. She turned, and saw another young woman making her away across the room. Erin did a double-take at the sight of Goblin and Antinium, and then at the ice cream.
“Ooh! That’s like chocolate chip ice cream! Hey Lyonette, how’d you make—oh. Ew. Those ain’t raisins.”
She paused at the table. Numbtongue looked up. He stared at the young woman. Erin stared down at him and blinked at Yellow Splatters.
“Hi Yellow Splatters. And…Numbtongue? You alright?”
“Yup.”
The Hobgoblin looked up, barely remembering why Erin would ask. She eyed his muddy, sweaty brow, the scratches on his right arm, and then Yellow Splatters. She opened her mouth and then frowned.
“Is that our ice cream?”
“All of it, yes.”
“And you just turned it into fly cream. Or—no, wait, that’s even worse. Iced flies? Ice fly cream. Ice cream with flies.”
Erin looked at Numbtongue, mockingly severe. He hunched his shoulders.
“…Yes? But it’s good.”
To prove it, he took a spoonful of the ice cream and dipped it in the flies. Erin closed her eyes rather than watch the rest. When she opened them, she looked at Numbtongue.
