Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 21
A Named Adventurer. Saliss made it easy to forget, though, right up until he reminded you.
The other Drake—far harder. She stood with her mount, wings folded. Her wings made even other Oldblood Drakes stare at them in awe. She was another Named Adventurer, but not of Pallass. She had been waiting for Saliss for forty minutes—well, fifty by the time he arrived.
They were behind schedule. Still, certain rituals had to be observed.
In times past, there had been more. But Oteslia and Fissival still had winged mounts along with the Oldblood fliers. And in this case—the Pegasus was moody as she pawed the ground.
“Concealment spells are nearly complete. Your flight route is the same you came in on, Adventurer Mivifa.”
“Understood.”
The Named Adventurer nodded. Saliss strolled over. The Pegasus was smarter than your average horse—a lot dumber than your average unicorn. She snorted at Saliss. He waved at both.
“The Oldblood of Feathers. Hey Mivi, how’s it be?”
Mivifa, the [Pegasus Flier] of Oteslia and her companion, Feathi, or her ‘official’ name, Erafeathithius since the Walled Cities didn’t want to acknowledge the cute name Mivifa had given her friend, both regarded the [Alchemist] with a critical eye.
“Saliss, have you been drinking?”
“What? Me? On an important day like this?”
“…There’s vomit on your tail.”
“Oh. I had to purge myself.”
The Drake scrubbed at his tail, completely unabashed. Pallass [Soldiers]—again, ornamental—shifted. He made their city look so bad compared to the female Drake, the Oldblood of Feathers, Mivifa.
And her feathered wings. She had not been born with them. But such was the bond between her and her Pegasus that she’d grown them.
Another interesting facet about Mivifa was this: she was in her forties. Not unusual for Named Adventurers, and not rare either, necessarily. Unlike Gold-ranks, Named Adventurers were aberrations, each and every one.
But quirk of quirks—she was one of Saliss’ clients for Potions of Youth—at a discount, and illusion spells so she looked…eighteen?
It was personal. Saliss didn’t ask. Nor did Mivifa treat him with scorn. Like Shirka—she knew Saliss.
“We’re about to fly. Mind supplying the potions, Saliss?”
The Drake shrugged.
“If you supply the wings.”
He hopped on Feathi’s back with Mivifa. The Drake tossed a vial to Mivifa, who in turn offered it to her mount. The Pegasus snorted, but took it after a huge lump of sugar before—and after. Bribes. She whinnied—then took off.
It was true, what they said. You couldn’t go across the continent easily. From Invrisil to Reizmelt, heck, from Liscor to Celum alone was a hundred damn miles. But it was also true that there were exceptions.
Pegasi and Saliss were those exceptions. The [Alchemist] threw his arms up.
“[Haste]. Whee…”
Feathi flew. She vanished almost the second her hooves left the ground thanks to the concealment spells. But you could feel her wake as the wind blasted across the walls. The [Guards], reminded of the Frost Wyverns, shuddered.
But they were flying. The two Named Adventurers sped towards their destination. They spoke little. Not because they were focused with grim concentration. Mostly…because it was really windy all the way up there. Also—cold.
 
—–
 
Speed. Few people could make it across even a small section of a continent in a week’s time. Oh, industry could do it. Organization—teams of horses, carriage services, magic and so on if you had the coin, manpower and motivation.
