Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 1
That was the difference. Kevin knew it well. He knew it with Erin—yet he had forgotten that the same applied to Goblins.
They were so chill that until they went to war, he thought they were quite similar. Redscar, trying to ride a skateboard, slamming into half the rocks down the slope until he gave up and declared it a stupid device. Calescent, pestering him to talk about the Carolina Reaper, the hottest pepper in the world. Chasing after Poisonbite who’d stolen his Android and didn’t want to give it back…
Little Goblins obsessively crowded around, watching a video or listening to a song. And then? Finally noticing the Wyvern flights out, wondering where all the Ogres were. Rags coming over and…
Well.
 
——
 
Rags had the Healer of Tenbault. That was what Kevin heard from the outpost they’d established in the foothills. He had only their word because the city of Tenbault was a storm of settling dust, flashes of light—obscured in the distance.
The [Shaman], Taganchiel, was first to arrive. Goblins posted sentry in the narrow pass leading up, or standing watch from the piled boulders and dirt looked up, but they didn’t swing their bows or crossbows up at the Wyvern flying low.
The skies were safe from threats. The ground? Not so much.
Taganchiel shot down, with a chatter in the Goblin’s tongue Kevin missed. The lone Human in the camp hovered as a handful of Goblins raced around, the rest holding their positions. They were administering a stamina and healing potion to the snapping Wyvern, coaxing it back towards Tenbault.
“Tagan, what’s happening? Did Rags get her?”
“Yes! Humans too fast! Chieftain pursued! Gave orders. We go! Go!”
The [Shaman] snapped. Kevin looked up as Taganchiel began casting more magic; two Hobs with shields and spears grunted as they grew two feet in height. The Wyvern flew back, and Kevin looked out and saw the Goblins fleeing.
The Humans were already coming after them. But Rags had planned out the retreat almost as much as the attack. The Wyverns dove, loading Goblins not on horse or wolf-back up, flying, ferrying them to the outpost. The rest proceeded on their mounts, and the Ogres ran, as fast as they could, lugging their steel and iron armor and weapons.
Heading for the outpost. From there, they loaded the Wyverns a second time and sent them flying back towards the High Passes.
Not far. They leap-frogged to the outpost, and from there, into hiding. It was too far to fly into the true High Passes, but there were caves, and increasingly inhospitable and remote ground. All the Goblins had to do was get ahead of the Humans and lose them. Then smaller bands could lay low until they got home. Or were picked up.
…However. The plan was astray already. Rags didn’t return. Nor did a quarter of the Goblin force. And the ones who did…
Redfangs rode into camp and shook their heads as Taganchiel shouted at them. Poisonbite, who’d been in the fighting, was similarly distressed. She looked up as the [Shaman] addressed the dirt-covered, bloodied fighters who’d been in the thick of it.
“Where is Chieftain Rags? Where is Redscar?”
The leader of the Redfangs wasn’t here either, or Thunderfur. Kevin saw Poisonbite dig at one ear. He saw, with a shock, a bit of dried red running from her pointed ears.
“What? What?”
