Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 35
The [Stormlord Captain] bellowed. But the Illuminary was shooting across the waters. It surged past a group of Storm Ships. And Rasea was standing at the helm of her ship. Her eyes shone.
“Lads, today we topple the tyrant of the seas. Merchant Seagrass, I’ve been waiting to meet you! With me!”
She grabbed hold of the rope. The boom snapped. And Rasea flew.
“She’s insane.”
One of the Bloodtear Pirates remarked. The others nodded as they saw Rasea let go of the rope and fly through the air with her crew.
Eight landed on the deck, scattering [Storm Sailors]. Lord Seagrass stared as Rasea the Shining pulled her hat out of her bag of holding. His warship was the largest ship on the sea bar none. Hundreds of [Storm Sailors] for each of the [Pirates]. But more [Pirate] and Drowned Ships were sailing on his ship.
“Rasea Zecrew. Today’s the last time you haunt my trading lines.”
The [Stormlord Captain] slowly drew a sword with a green-grey blade. The [Pirate Captain] drew her shining blade.
“Ah, Merchant Seagrass. If you’ve the guts—come and take my head! I’ll wear your hat. Boys—get ready. Strobe pattern.”
The glowing Anglerfish side of her body began to light up, flashing bright, disconcerting patterns of light, blinding everyone but her crew who kept their backs to their [Captain]. They advanced, fighting.
 
—-
 
The knot of Lasc’s crew was shrinking. Inky was lying against the chest. Someone had cut off part of her tentacle-leg.
“It’ll grow back—just—just—watch your backs!”
The [Storm Sailor] cocked the crossbow and shot. Venaz whirled. He brought his axe down and cleaved open a head.
“We’re lost. We have to retreat. Take another vessel. Wil, what’s our plan?”
“We go with the [Storm Sailors]. Or we fight with Prince Khedal. Either way—we abandon the treasure.”
Wil looked at King Fetohep. The [King] stood next to the shining swords. He looked at Wil Kallinad.
“Lord Kallinad. We can still make it out.”
Captain Lasc was clutching at his side. He looked at Wil, wide-eyed with battle’s fury. Wil stared at him.
“How? There are too many ships! The Emerald Signet can’t outrun them, let alone—”
“We won’t have to. Lord Kallinad. By your order, I’ll use my Skill. A [Storm Captain]’s first and last Skill. It’s an act of desperation. It could sink us all. But if you want to fight—”
He bared his teeth. Wil looked at his friends. A [Storm Captain]’s…? Inky looked alarmed. But all eyes fell on Wil.
“It’s your choice. If there’s a chance—I say take it.”
Venaz lifted his crimson axe. Feshi hesitated.
“Wil—there’s such a thing as a battle you don’t have to win at any cost. The Professor taught us that.”
“Yeah. But—”
Yerranola glanced at the swords. She saw Peki kicking people off the command deck, Merrik smashing an enemy [Captain]’s foot into the deck. The Selphid turned to Wil.
“I don’t want you to die, Wil. But whatever you decide—”
The [Lord] closed his eyes. He didn’t know. Too many lives were in his hands. But so much blood had been shed already, for this treasure. He looked to the figure standing there.
“King Fetohep. What would you say? Is your treasure worth all this?”
He gestured around at the fighting groups, almost ignoring the treasure as they tore each other apart. And the ruler of Khelt—smiled. He spoke, as Wil saw the Undersea Crews pushing back the [Storm Sailors]. The Storm Ships were retreating; covering Admiral Seagrass whose ship was under attack from all sides.
“Show me your resolve, son of House Kallinad. Or do you think my blades are so easily won? Risk everything for them. Or leave them and I will take my treasure.”
