Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 5
There were exactly three channels he had access to at this moment. Wistram News, Wistram Music, and Nerrhavia’s Wonders. More were being developed of course, but few had the magical know-how and resources to put on such shows.
And of those that did, he needed to wait while the attuning crystals or spells were brought to Khelt. How vexing.
Not that Fetohep had needed any of this. But now…after listening to the Drake for another second, Fetohep spoke.
“Nerrhavia’s Wonders. Again.”
“—my leg! Empress preserve us, they’re—help, help—”
Fetohep watched as a screaming man went over the side of the boat. A crocodile—easily three times his size and many more times his weight—launched over the boat, dragging another [Guard] down. The [Explorer] was grappling with one, and these crocodiles were ancient, massive, with scales like steel.
“Ah, how interesting.”
The King of Khelt smiled. He watched until someone cut the feed and sighed. Always when it was getting good.
He flipped back to Wistram News Network just in time to see Noass commentate on the live-deaths and embarrassment to Nerrhavia in real time. Although Fetohep was pleased to see the [Explorer] survived, mainly by hacking his way through croc after croc. Some as long as thirty feet tried to drag the entire boat into the water. He and the surviving crew ran along one and leapt to shore at which point Fetohep lost interest.
Now there was real entertainment. And then it was gone and Fetohep was waiting for the next thing. He wanted hundreds of these news channels, and recalled Trey telling him about that in his world. Fetohep recalled the device and show and suddenly wished he had one. And still, his thoughts demanded.
What was wrong with him?
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt was a powerful ruler of a utopia. But not, as some might assume, a well-known one. He was not a famous ruler like Flos of Reim, who was practically his neighbor.
Because Khelt did not do things. It was a bubble nation, aloof from the affairs of the world unless circumstances most dire intruded.
Similarly, there was another kind of ruler—if not in name—who existed in a paradise for the chosen few. Who was also unknown in the lists of the great rulers of the world unless you knew of him. In which case, he was very famous indeed.
Emir Yazdil of Roshal was a figure of stories. If you walked through the markets of Lailight Scintillation, the grand and fabled marketplace of Roshal, one of the wonders of the world, you could, while buying some curio uncovered from ancient ruins or a rare or priceless artifact—or a [Slave]—hear stories about the most powerful, most famous of Roshal’s [Emirs].
He had many names. One of them was ‘the Naga.’ And a curious visitor might well inquire to such person willing to make small talk, of which there were many, what had given him this title.
Each answer inevitably led to the Emir, and there were countless people who had seen, claimed to have seen, or at the very least, knew an acquaintance of a friend’s distant relative, who had been there when the very event took place.
The point was that the Emir was fabled. As close to the ancient greats of old as the King of Destruction. And the Emir was certainly richer than most [Kings]. He was more powerful than many monarchs too because Roshal was a titan among the many nations of Chandrar, a city-state whose power and reach was unmatched.
