Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 8
Visma’s eyes went wide as she tasted her first bite of chocolate. It was properly sweet; not overpoweringly so since the point of this chocolate was to be chocolate first, sugar second, but it was a taste. Like ice cream for the first time. The Drake girl began to gobble her small bite.
“Careful! It’s a treat! Eat it slow! Mrsha, what do you think?”
The little Gnoll was chewing her bite with her eyes closed. She smiled up at Erin and Lyonette—and then her face grew confused. Mrsha paused, and then began coughing in the throat.
She froze. So did Erin and Lyonette.
“Mrsha? What’s wrong? If it’s bad, spit it out.”
The little Gnoll clutched at her throat. Erin looked at Lyonette.
“Mrsha, honey, spit it out—”
The Gnoll began to shake. Then, all of a sudden, and Lyonette tried to pry her mouth open, her eyes went wide. She fell onto her back and rolled over.
She wasn’t breathing.
“Octavia! Get over here!”
Erin shouted. Octavia came running as Relc and Embria shot to their feet. The [Princess] yanked open Mrsha’s mouth, shouting for a potion. Erin spun, desperately. Rufelt had said—were there antihistamines in this world? Healing potions? Something—
As the entire inn converged on Mrsha, the Gnoll’s open eyes swiveled around. She paused, and then waved all four paws urgently. She sat up.
Kidding! Joke!
She signed worriedly. Erin turned around. Lyonette fell back, the color returning to her face.
“A prank?”
Palt had knocked over a trio of chairs. He stared at Mrsha. Erin’s jaw dropped. Mrsha looked around worriedly. She hadn’t expected the adult’s reaction.
“Don’t do that! You scared us so much!”
Lyonette was so furious she was shouting and hugging Mrsha. The Gnoll child nearly cried again as she saw how worried everyone had been. But—not everyone was angry.
Relc was laughing his tail off. So was Palt, and Wailant, who’d come running at the shouting. They had a twisted sense of humor.
The [Innkeeper] herself was well and truly shaken. Rufelt had indeed told her that chocolate was fine for Gnolls; they were not dogs and could process it. In theory they might get sicker than Humans if they ate it like, for breakfast and lunch in quantities, but everyone did.
“Mrsha’s the best. Embria used to pull stuff like that all the time. Kids do it. Stop scolding her, Lyonette!”
The Senior Guardsman advised Lyonette as she scolded Mrsha about bad pranks. Wailant was grinning too. The older adults began reminiscing about their children’s escapades. Embria looked like she wanted to leave.
“It was sorta funny. But don’t scare us, Mrsha!”
Erin conceded as she hugged Mrsha. Lyonette scowled at her.
“It wasn’t funny at all!”
Erin’s lips quirked. Mrsha was much chastised, but Erin had to admit—it had worked.
“Sorta funny. I did the same kind of thing when I was a kid. Like—hiding in a closet all day. Um, my parents thought I was kidnapped. They called the poli—I mean, the Watch.”
She scratched the back of her head, embarrassed. Now she knew what that felt like. Mrsha brightened up as Relc chortled. Lyonette pulled both Mrsha and Erin over and hissed at them.
“I ran away from home. Don’t talk to me about pranks.”
Erin blinked at her. Mrsha looked up. Oh. Right. They stared at Lyonette. When it came to biggest child renegades, there was one clear victor.
A sideways look at Palt confirmed he was occupied, but Erin sidled into the Garden with Lyonette, pretending she was having an adult-talk for a second. Then she turned to Lyonette.
“Don’t they miss you, Lyonette? Shouldn’t you let your parents know you’re okay? I mean, if we were this worried about Mrsha…”
