Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 22
Sweat gleamed on his scales. The [Spearmaster] wasn’t done, though. The sky overhead was strange. The day had come, yet the moon was still faintly falling. So, as he raised his weapon overhead, walking forwards. His weapon saluted the sky, an invisible opponent, and then moved in a glittering pattern.
The spear’s tip caught the light. The bright, rising glow that met the dark starlight night and became something else. The very color of true magic. The metal edge caught it and carried it with the trailing blade as it spun.
For a moment, the spearman caught the light on the tip of his spear and traced a picture no one had ever seen copied down. A word no one had ever learned.
Relc Grasstongue finally lowered the spear. Practice done. The sun began to dry sweat from his scales. He did not have an answer for his problems. However—he did know who he was and what he had.
In the end, he knew this. Relc knew how to kill people. How to be a soldier.
Yet—he looked down at the spear he held in his claws. This was what he was proud of. A way to hurt people, yes. A weapon’s mastery, which could turn to brute force, hacking, blood and death instead of anything like art.
But this—this moment was what he owned too. The seconds in which he saw something more than wood and metal in what he held. More than a clumsy, stupid Drake who traced patterns he knew by heart.
Something beautiful.
The Drake jumped as he heard applause. Loud and followed by cheering. He looked up.
There on the apartment balconies were children. Young Drakes and more than them, Gnolls. Too young to hold jobs, or not quite adults. They were looking down at the strange Drake who had shown them something as the sun rose.
“That was amazing, sir!”
A little Gnoll shouted. His older sister hurried him away, but the Drake [Guard] just grinned and waved. The moment broke, but Relc stood there. The children left—most of them. They had been taught not to talk to [Guards].
Yet when he turned, he saw someone watching him. The bruises had mostly healed, although his right eye was a bit bruised still. But the younger Gnoll in the alley-fight was watching him. He raised a paw. Relc waved.
He hadn’t known he shared the same apartment as the would-be criminal. The Gnoll hesitated. He looked around, and wavered between walking off, but was unable to. He came forwards, hesitantly.
“That was…amazing. Sir. Guardsman.”
“I’m Relc. Thanks. I know I’m awes—I know it’s cool.”
The Drake grinned. The Gnoll looked at him.
“Are you a…[Spear Hunter]? Some kind of [Spear…Warrior]? I’ve never seen a [Guard] practice like that. Or even the adventurers!”
Relc leaned on his spear.
“Nope. [Spearmaster].”
The Gnoll’s eyes widened. He was just a kid. Street kid—Relc saw his fur was more unkempt than a mother would allow. The army made you wash, too. The Gnoll eyed Relc’s spear. Then he hesitated.
“That’s…not common, right?”
“There are a few people with the class in Izril. Like…a hundred? Maybe.”
Relc wasn’t sure. Maybe there were a thousand, honestly. He knew he had gotten his class from defeating a [Spearmaster] in battle, but you could be certified or something. Tekshia was a [Spearmaster] and she hadn’t killed an enemy [Spearmaster] in battle.
The Gnoll’s eyes widened. He looked at Relc.
“So you’re high-level? As in…over level 30? 40?”
Relc just grinned. In truth, his levels were spread out. He was a [Spearmaster], a [Senior Guardsman], a [Sergeant]…he shrugged.
“I’m pretty good for a [Guard]. No one can beat me with a spear, at any rate. I was the best in my old city. Here? I’m pretty sure I’m still the best.”
