Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 19
“Their helmets block their abilities. It is a choice made to safeguard each Armored Antinium. I may adjust their helmets. Hither to this moment…I had not considered the need.”
The Armored Queen murmured. The Free Queen looked down at Pawn and Garry. So now they knew. The Rite of Anastases was not easy to perform…nor could it be done remotely, not without a link.
If Bird died far from the Hive, he would never come back. But she had told him that. And he went.
As for Crusader 51? He was dead. The Free Queen spoke briefly.
“I will ensure Squad 5 is accorded more safety if possible. It may be there is something unique about them.”
That had no basis in anything other than the correlation. But to Antinium minds—it made sense. If there was even the remotest possibility of any of Squad 5 having a fraction of Crusader 51’s abilities…the Armored Queen spoke.
“Their numbers have been thinned. My Listeners report oddities in the war front as well. Apparently, a new Drake city has entered the battle. And…what is the status of Squad 5, Free Queen?”
The Silent Queen was watching her. The Free Queen responded, a touch irritated.
“I have remanded their leadership to Prognugator Dekass, Armored Queen. And Commander Olesm. You would do better to inquire directly.”
“Just so. But you will send more reinforcements to the Antinium division?”
The Free Queen hesitated. She rubbed her mandibles together, like gritting one’s teeth.
“It…may be difficult. The losses are such that my Hive is struggling to replenish their numbers. However, I will make all arrangements necessary.”
The Grand Queen spoke, a touch smugly.
“I will send more resources to prepare further repopulation and expansion of your Hive, Free Queen. It seems your pact with Liscor and advancement into your Free Antinium’s leveling capabilities has stymied your Hive’s capabilities in other ways.”
The Free Queen twitched. She held very still as Pawn and Garry opened their mandibles wide, and one of Garry’s helpers scuttled further back into the kitchen. Deferred Sustenance, the Free Queen’s pet Rock Crab, snapped its pincers angrily from its hutch.
Slowly, deliberately, the Free Queen looked at the Grand Queen and inclined her head in a Drake fashion.
“You are eminently correct, my Queen. Garry, I would like to eat a triple-stack vanilla cake. With strawberry frosting. Prepare it for me. And a little cake for Deferred Sustenance.”
“Yes, my Queen.”
The Queens watched as the Free Queen calmly, and with all the poise of a [Lady] tripping her rival on the way down the stairs at the yearly ball, picked up the largest barrel of boba tea ever made and took a long sip from the straw.
Eugh. Garry was a good [Chef], but he really was sort of a baking-specialist. The fruit boba did indeed grow a bit manky if you let it sit. It really needed something firmer.
Gelatin. She wondered if the Antinium’s own gel-based creations would go well in it. Probably not. Food was such a non-Antinium thing.
 
 
 
 
Vess, [Arcane Warrior]
 
The Antinium prisoner was quickly a source of attention in the Alliance. Half the [Soldiers] wanted to kill it instantly, which meant Velden’s crazy plan worked.
Big Yam were put on guard-duty, which meant they had to feed the Soldier, keep it safe, and were pulled off the front. In some ways, that was more stressful than fighting.
“Is it going to eat?”
The Antinium had a cracked mandible, and it looked beat up. Big Yam had not been gentle with it, and it was covered in chains and rope. Which meant it had to be fed.
