Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 15
Nsiia stared at the fingers being attached and looked at Femithain. Here came the important bit. She licked her lips.
“I can see you’re quite busy. I didn’t want to disturb you—”
“Thank you. Also, I note that here you are.”
Nsiia smiled.
“I am indeed. Actually—I just wanted to watch. There isn’t much to do in my rooms if I can’t sit nude on the roofs. I thought about doing that here, but I can see you’re too busy.”
A young [Golem Maker] nearly slipped as he shaved a bit of metal off Domehead’s knee. Nsiia was quite pleased by that. Femithain sighed.
“I gave you access to the library, didn’t I?”
“You did…”
But there are no damned manuals on how to make Golems there since your people keep them in their workshops and yours are all too advanced…was what Nsiia didn’t say. Instead, she pointed at Domehead’s…head-dome.
“Are those ah, command-crystals standard? I’ve never seen them before.”
“Hardly!”
Artificer Se was back with the legs. As they were being installed, she pointed proudly at the crystals.
“They’re each a solid unit. Two halves of crystal, see? Usually a large gem with almost zero defect—we have to remove impurities by hand, so we buy from Salazsar when the Drakes aren’t price-gouging—and then we write the instructions on the inside of the crystals before fusing them together. We have to do that, you see, since they’re external to the Golems and the linkage spells have to be on the outside. However, with this method we can effectively increase the amount of command-space because of the crystals—”
“Se. Se. While your commentary is fascinating, I don’t believe Nsiia cares to follow the advancements in command crystals.”
Femithain interrupted the [Golem Artificer] after the sixth try. Nsiia caught her breath as the woman deflated—she actually had a fake eye, Nsiia noticed. It was stone and kept swiveling around in her head. Not at all creepy and why her apprentices were terrified of her, of course.
“Actually, Magus-Crafter Femithain, Crafter Se—I am finding Golems to be quite interesting. I have no idea how they work, though. Can you explain how Domehead will get his…energy?”
Femithain blinked. Crafter Se brightened.
“Ah, well, we have the most efficient mana-draw spells inscribed on his heart. Once Femithain finishes his activation and Forming—”
“I have this, Se. You really have an interest, Nsiia?”
She gave him her most interested look—which wasn’t hard because Femithain didn’t look suspicious, but pleased!
“Of course. I would love to know—if you have time?”
“I should be pleased to. Golems are my passion. We can certainly chat about it while I wait for the heart to be prepared—and later, of course. Let me know if I am bothering you, but this is a quite pleasing development, Nsiia.”
The Magus-Crafter smiled. Nsiia swallowed ten thousand oaths. She should have done this from the start!
“So…how do Golems gain their energy? Mana crystals?”
The former-Empress saw Femithain’s eyes bulge. Then he and every [Golem Artificer] in the room burst out laughing. Even the apprentices attaching the legs had to stop to avoid dropping it.
Nsiia glowered. Clearly—the answer was ‘no’. Femithain looked amused—and embarrassed as he shook his head.
“Not at all, Nsiia. Excuse me. It’s just that—I believe every single apprentice has asked that of their master. I did the same when I was, oh, twelve…no. I can understand why most would assume that.”
“Incorrectly. You’d burn through even a big mana crystal in an hour! Hah!”
