Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 2
“When all the tribes gather? By nightfall, Inkarr, we will meet with the Greenpaw Tribe. They are poorer—and they will only send representatives, I think—but as we draw closer, more and more tribes will come together. Then, not even Drake armies will dare to challenge us. Or the Antinium.”
Inkar nodded, wondering yet again what the Antinium looked like. She had seen and met Drakes—surly scale-people descended of Dragons. Few Humans—six in total since coming here, all [Traders] or [Merchants]—but no Antinium.
She had seen the horrible mandibles, the hollowed head and skull-chitin that their [Shaman], Pulsg, used to tell stories of the Antinium Wars with. Piercing mandibles—and apparently four arms?
The Longstalker’s Fangs had fought in both wars and bore trophies to remember their foes by. But they were hardly a tribe of war, like the Woven Bladegrass tribe, which was on everyone’s tongues for their war with Drake cities. No, the Longstalker’s Fangs were a nomadic, herding tribe, hardly unique among the Gnoll tribe traditions. Gnolls—Plains Gnolls, those who kept to tradition—roamed southern Izril. They traded or fought with Drake cities, grew their numbers, and each one had a specialty.
For instance…Inkar stared as a group of blue sheep broke away from the procession. Multicolored sheep—that was the Longstalker’s pride. Each one with pre-dyed wool.
“Эй! Get back, you disobedient sheeps!”
The Gnolls laughed as they saw Inkar urge her horse forwards. The baahing blue sheep followed her; she normally took care of them anyways.
Tricky sheep. They weren’t even the worst ones. Not like the evil chickens, or magical rabbits—or the sheep who could zap predators. Or cows who could outrun horses.
Animals got weird when magic entered their diets. Gnolls called out to Inkar, jesting at her expense.
They liked her. And not just because there were similarities in cultures. Inkar had proven herself to be an asset rather than dead weight. She thought of them as similar to her people’s roots—and they were.
Yurts, herding animals…they even carried bows, not having discovered gunpowder. They had given her hospitality and shelter.
She, in turn, had told them of her world. Their [Shaman] and [Chieftain] had listened intently to stories of planes and a world connected by internet and harnessed lightning. Most of the tribe put it up to tall tales, or magic—hence her [Storyteller] class. But they had begun to believe—at least in part—when she started giving them things from her world.
Her main contributions at first, ironically, were things that were immediate and easy to translate, like beshbarmak, or pilaf—both of which Gnolls found new and very tasty! For instance, the horse meat with noodle dish from Kazakhstan that you ate hot, on wide, dough-noodles, was easily translatable with ingredients that the Longstalkers had. It was not wildly original. They had noodles. They ate meat.
There were overlaps, but there the divergence in cultures meant she had gained the [Cook] class after her first week of Gnolls wandering over and asking her to help make dinner.
Inkar, exasperated, left the blue sheep back in their line and rode back the way she’d come. She waved at the other [Herders], one of whom called out an apology for letting the sheep get loose. Inkar stretched—then realized that the [Weavers] were ushering her over.
“Inkar, food!”
