Interlude – The Great Race
Page 7
Without a word, Liska changed the dial to Liscor and opened the door for the Gnoll who went back to Liscor. Less than eight minutes later, she had to open the door again and let them back into the inn. She decided to find a seat. Why hadn’t she thought of that? She could just sit, read a book, and occasionally check the door, right?
She took one from the common room, despite Ishkr’s glares. She noticed he was carefully pouring…Liska’s jaw dropped.
“Is that acid?”
A glowing vat of acid was being ladled into jars. Instantly, all the Ekhtouch Gnolls and Gire looked around. Ishkr growled back.
“Yes. Erin has the acidfly traps, remember? Someone forgot to check them yesterday.”
His look of accusation made Liska turn her head and whistle. Another jar was being filled with dead acid-flies.
“What do we do with the acid?”
Ishkr gestured to a bag of holding that the inn’s staff could use.
“I’ll take it down to the Adventurer’s Guild. They sell it. Or someone could do it. Or bag up the flies—”
“Why don’t I watch the door? I have to let in Pallass’ guests.”
He sighed. Then Ishkr waved away an Antinium offering to help. It was a dangerous job for rookies. You also used some acid for the bathrooms; you tossed it down the toilet. And Erin had a few jars—
“Should I do the toilets, Ishkr?”
Liska offered. Only for today, as a heartbreak younger-sister special. But Ishkr just shook his head.
“Done.”
“I could bring toilet paper…?”
“Done.”
“Really? But Menolit had a really—and I mean, I smelled him—a really bad time—”
“Done. It’s all clean.”
A mystified look passed between Liska and Ishkr, who was sighing at his annoying younger sister. She opened her mouth, then Gire began speaking.
“Here. This is where we can go. It’s very simple. Where’s the red chalk? Okay. Look…”
On the pretext of getting a few magazines and newspapers, like Chess Weekly and the Liscorian Gazette, for her spot, Liska managed a glance at the map. Gire was circling Izril’s south busily.
She was drawing countless red circles around each Drake city and Walled City of different radii. Liska had no idea what made each circle different, but then Gire explained.
“If we’re rallying or moving—we don’t enter these zones if we can. Duh. This is where most armies not on deployment from the cities could be in reach. They’re all hostile right now or untrustworthy. And here—pass me the blue chalk—here are all the tribes’ territories. And this is the uninhabitable spots or dangerous areas in black. Since Plain’s Eye and some big tribes are gone, that leaves us with…”
Liska eyed the map as Gire held it up. The [Paragon] peered at the spots not covered by one color or another. One of the Ekhtouch Gnolls glanced at Liska and then coughed.
“About half a mile on the southeastern coast, Chieftain?”
Gire glared at him. She threw up her paws.
“We go north past Liscor or to the new lands! Both are dangerous. We’re not self-sufficient, but it might beat fighting Humans. We could live in a neutral city too. We’re not that large.”
“Which is it, Chieftain?”
Gire folded her arms and seemed to draw into herself. She sulked.
“I don’t know. I don’t know. Have them come here, and we’ll strike in either direction. I want to see if the healing potion market is gone for good and if anyone else declares a war. Terandria’s coming to the new lands. So there’s even more danger there. Here’s where they’ll enter, so if we do go, the spots we could secure would be here, here—but we don’t know what’s waiting for us.”
