Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 5
Maviola wiped at her pale face. The teary-eye Gnoll found herself cuddled and scolded by turns. Only after Erin had made Mrsha promise to never, ever do that again, did she relax.
That was how her day started. Mrsha’s, that was. Twenty minutes later, she was feeling better. Even if Lyonette had been very mad.
But aside from that near-squish experience, Mrsha decided the drawers were alright. She was careful not to put herself in them. But as Numbtongue (now acting as her supervisor until Drassi signed in), remarked, the Skill had benefits for the creative.
“Nice Skill. Pyrite has a good idea. Can’t put people inside, but storage isn’t the only trick. You still hurt?”
Mrsha’s hurts had been healed with a little sip of healing potion. She shook her head bravely and sat by his leg. Cross-legged, the Hobgoblin was sitting with a chair lying on the ground in front of him. He had a knife, one of the inn’s crossbows, and several bolts lying there.
The crossbow was unloaded. And it said something that Erin had asked Numbtongue to take care of Mrsha, believing, rightly, that she would be much safer in his company. Mrsha reached out to touch a crossbow bolt. Numbtongue let her. If she stabbed herself, he wouldn’t offer much sympathy.
His new, Dragonblood-crystal sword on the other hand, he didn’t even let Mrsha near. And when she tried to edge around to see the wonderful scabbard, which had a red fang sewn on it—he looked at her.
“Do you want to lose your paw?”
Mrsha hesitated. The Gnoll child scooted back on her bum and made no more efforts to even touch the sword. She was a good girl. She really was. Her adventures were just…er…adventures. In that sense, Erin, and even Lyonette and Numbtongue were all poor role models. Bird was somehow the most careful and that was a horrible thought.
Well, she was learning things. And one of her favorite, if rarest instructors now appeared. Numbtongue raised a finger. Then his expression changed.
His posture grew more heavyset—out of memory, not reality. He sat back, grunted. Scratched at his belly, and then looked at Mrsha.
“Hello, Mrsha. Good children don’t play with artifacts.”
She respectfully waved back. But the Hobgoblin—the Goldstone Chieftain—Pyrite, did not waste time. He picked up the knife and got to work with the chair leg at once. As he did, he spoke.
“Had a thought. Interesting. Skills of [Innkeepers]. Not very Goblin. Extremely powerful. Wish I had been one. Useful. Idea with compartments. You see?”
He dug the knife into the cheap chair leg. Mrsha frowned. She didn’t. But Pyrite was smart. She watched; he was cutting into the wood. Cutting a block out of the leg.
“Hm. Concealed. Hollow this.”
The Hobgoblin began digging with one claw into the wood, hollowing a cavity. He showed Mrsha. She frowned, then figured out what he was doing. Her eyes went round and the [Chieftain] gave her a slow wink.
“Drawer. Compartment. Now. How powerful is Skill? Is it based on size or always makes everything bigger by same amount?”
The crude drawer was tiny. But as Pyrite slotted the secret compartment into the table leg, Mrsha saw it expand. Pyrite checked the drawer. He grunted.
“Hm. Three times bigger. Rat. Then—”
The time limit expired. Numbtongue blinked. He shook his head, paused a brief moment, and finished Pyrite’s thoughts in his own words.
“—Can’t hide the crossbow in here. Is okay. Can hide it in a slightly bigger spot. Here. Watch.”
