Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 34
“Hey, Selys. [Trusted Sergeant of the Watch] Relc here. Klb’s back and there are off-duty [Soldiers] here. Want to pay for our dinners? I could—but you’re still rich, right? And one more thing. I just realized there’s something we can do. We could organize it.”
Selys put her claws on her hips, gazing exasperatedly and fondly at Relc. Then she blinked.
“Relc. You have an idea? Organize? What happened to you?”
The Senior Guardsman just laughed as Klbkch turned and poked an invisible Centaur trying to listen into everything. Eavesdropping was a crime.
“To me? I have no idea!”
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
She learned her father was back when she got his letter and a gift from him.
“For me?”
Wing Commander Embria got the package from a very disheveled Drake Sergeant who had run it through the door personally. She unwrapped it to find a long letter from Relc…on top of an entire basket of odd-smelling fruits.
“What are these?”
“Prelons. I don’t know what they are. Er, I’m headed back to the city if that’s alright, Wing Commander. Everything alright here?”
Embria looked up, distracted, wanting to tear open the letter, and made a face.
“More or less. Have you heard? We have reinforcements. From the—from our army down south.”
Jordes looked around and heard the commotion.
“Fancy that! That’s a relief, eh?”
Embria didn’t immediately nod.
6th and 9th Companies of Liscor’s army had ridden in last night. Apparently another company had escorted Relc’s citizens home, and would have to do some riding to get up through the hills to this part.
Embria should have been celebrating with all of 4th, but it was strangely…subdued. More [Soldiers] meant this would feel like home, right?
So why…?
 
——
 
6th Company were an all-mounted unit. The Bull Bastards. 9th Company, and the wayward 11th who’d escorted Relc, were like 4th Company, infantry-based.
9th was just called ‘Arrowstorm’—a group specializing in long-ranged archery. Ironically, 6th Company’s leader was female, Wing Commander Narkr. Wing Commander Xith of 9th was older than both Embria and Narkr by far.
The instant they saw Embria, their eyes lit up.
“So there’s the idiot who couldn’t handle one dungeon and needed to call in for backup! How dare you not defeat Tyrion Veltras and all the Humans yourself?”
Narkr, a Gnoll with two scars on her cheeks, loved to say things deadpan. Rumor was she’d taken the scar on one cheek and inflicted the other herself. Embria was fairly sure that was just a rumor, though.
“Wing Commander, what Narkr means is that we’re here to back you up. Sorry it took so long. None of us have long-distance mobility Skills, and Pallass wouldn’t let us skip four hundred miles.”
“Mana concerns or something.”
Xith and Narkr shook Embria’s claw as she smiled at them.
“I know Narkr was to blame. She probably kept you all waiting on her. 6th? Did they have to send me the slowest cavalry unit? 9th and 11th will move faster than them!”
It was true 6th was one of the slower groups, specializing in heavy charges, so Narkr threw a punch, and Embria deflected it.
“Still not a [Spearmaster]?”
“Still unmarried?”
“Alright, alright. I’m glad I don’t have to lead you two and you can hold your tails.”
Xith interrupted. The Drake looked at the other two Wing Commanders. As they were all of a rank, Xith would have priority command despite 4th being lower in number. Seniority. However, in practice, Wing Commanders were supposed to be able to work together.
“They didn’t send anyone higher? No [Majors]? I didn’t expect our [Strategists]…none of our field [Tacticians]?”
