Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 28
Olesm came screaming out of the mists, slashing with his unignited Kaalblade as Mrsha went tumbling backwards, fur poofing out in fright. He whirled, looked around, and Erin threw up her hands as she stomped out after him.
“Olesm!”
—not that much. The Drake sheepishly lowered his Kaalblade as Wil’s eyes bulged out of his head. Erin seized Mrsha’s paw, scolding Olesm.
“It’s a statue. Alright, he does look like he’s gonna bite you. No questions! Follow me. Who’s—oh. Hi.”
Olesm had a hand over his chest and was panting with a near heart-attack. He went for Erin’s hand with Wil, Peki, and half a dozen others, but Numbtongue elbowed him aside. Lyonette gripped Mrsha’s other paw as the Hob grinned at Erin.
“Can I see?”
She nodded and winked at him. Olesm saw Numbtongue offer him a claw, but hesitated a second too long. Bird happily grabbed his hand, and more people tried to form a living chain as Erin looked around, amused. She walked forwards and…
Thought of who she wanted to see.
“Who are we going to see? Erin? Erin? Who are—”
Lyonette felt something happen as they walked into the mists. She walked forwards, and the feeling of holding a little paw changed into—
Bird walked out of the mists with Lyonette in hand. Wil cursed as he realized he was holding onto Lyonette’s other hand. Mrsha, Erin, and Numbtongue were gone. Bird stared at Lyonette’s hand. He clacked his mandibles accusatorially.
“What have you done with Numbtongue?”
 
——
 
Erin walked onto the same hill, just with fewer people. Figures stood in the mists, which cleared away, revealing them as she passed through…
Perhaps even the [Garden of Sanctuary] had never had so many statues to hold. It seemed to be struggling to contain them all. Numbtongue and Mrsha looked around, wide-eyed, as they passed by statues.
The first one made Numbtongue flinch, and he nearly let go of Erin’s hand to draw a sword himself. But, forewarned, he didn’t blink as she pointed up.
“That’s the Silver Dragon-Knight, Yg—Yderigrisel. I think I got it right.”
“Yg-what? Dragons can become [Knights] too? Who can’t?”
Numbtongue’s jaw dropped. Erin laughed and tried to explain. She let go of Mrsha’s hand to gesture, and the Gnoll threw her arms around Erin’s legs.
“Don’t leave me in the mists to die alone, meanie! I’ll starve!”
“Mrsha! It’s safe. It’s just—hard to find the statue I want. Okay, stay close, you two. And be—respectful.”
It was so rare for Erin to say something like that, both Gnoll and Goblin nodded. So she led them forwards.
There were only a few statues Erin wanted to see. There were so many…but she passed by a few on her way to the one she sought.
The first was Zel Shivertail. He was standing next to a slimmer Drake, in the shelter of the tree. Very close. Intimately close, as if they had slunk away from some kind of official party and were having some quiet words. Mrsha saw Sserys of Liscor glancing over Zel’s shoulder as he stood, hidden by the Tidebreaker.
Erin passed by them with a sad smile for Sserys.
“He really messed up my body, right?”
“Um. In one way of saying that, yes.”
Erin gave Numbtongue a blank frown and a pointed look at Mrsha. He shrugged, grinning slightly.
“They would have laughed.”
“Yeah, probably. Because they’re guys. Come on.”
Erin walked around the tree as Mrsha clung to her pant leg. Next, they came across a strange figure. She was sitting cross-legged, fingers dancing as a beautiful crown of bone sat atop her head. Her cheeks and eyes had a kind of paint on them, highlighting her features. She was…a [Necromancer]?
