Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 35
The [Enforcer] replied drily. Numbtongue looked at him and the [Nightstalker] growled.
“I wasn’t asking you. Step off.”
She made a dangerous motion. The [Enforcer] eyed her, but stepped back. The Sister of Chell advanced.
“You, Goblin. Answer my questions or you’re dead. Got it?”
Yellow Splatters lowered one of his hands. The Sister of Chell stopped and her stilettos flicked into her hands. Numbtongue saw a man—he blinked, frowning. There was someone else here. He narrowed his eyes at…Yellow Splatters was also turning his head, but he addressed the woman succinctly.
“Attack this Goblin and you will die.”
“Really?”
The [Nightstalker] glared up at the Soldier, but warily. She looked at Numbtongue and then jabbed a finger at him past Yellow Splatters.
“Who hired you to take out the Sisters of Chell? Was it the Plague Mage? Someone else? Who told you about the heist?”
“Who? What’s a heist? I just saw Humans stealing the door. So I killed them.”
Numbtongue was regretting it a bit now. It was impulsive, but when he’d seen Liscor on alert and the Humans running off with Erin’s door, he was sure they’d been up to no good. The [Nightstalker] glared at him. She looked at the [Enforcer] and he spread his hands.
“The story checks out. The Hobgoblin’s innocent, Miss. As far as I’m concerned. The question is whether this was bad intelligence, or deliberate.”
“It doesn’t matter either way. Someone’s paying for this. And that includes him.”
The stiletto jabbed at Numbtongue. Yellow Splatters had had enough. He grabbed the hand—
And suddenly the other stiletto was sticking out his chest. Numbtongue began to shout, but the [Enforcer] leapt forwards. He caught the black shadow of a man before he swept the shortsword towards Numbtongue’s head. The [Nightstalker] recoiled as another of Yellow Splatter’s hands gripped her throat. She stared at the Antinium as the [Blackguard] held very still. He and the [Enforcer] had locked eyes and Numbtongue was crouched, ready to attack.
“Easy, gentlemen. Lady. Let’s all back off. Slowly. The good folk aren’t more than a few dozen feet away. And I don’t think I’d like to outrun a Gold-rank adventurer and whomever else is in that group. Would you?”
The [Enforcer] addressed the [Nightstalker]. She hesitated. Yellow Splatter’s hand was around her throat, but it could have been a scarf for all she cared. What really seemed to bother her was that the Antinium kept the hand there after ten more seconds had passed. Her eyes swiveled to Yellow Splatters. With one of his free hands, the Antinium slowly pulled the stiletto out of his chest.
“Poison is useless against the Antinium.”
The woman’s eyes widened. She looked at the [Enforcer] and nodded slowly.
“Fine. Let go of me and him and we’ll go. For now.”
The [Enforcer] considered the offer. Then he looked at Yellow Splatters and Numbtongue.
“Best you’re going to get I’m afraid, lads. And if you were thinking of making this unpleasant…the Sisters won’t look kindly on having one of their own die on investigation. Whatsoever the cause.”
Yellow Splatters considered this. He slowly let go and the [Enforcer] did likewise. The woman and man stepped back and Numbtongue narrowed his eyes as the man vanished from Numbtongue’s immediate perception of the area. But the Goblin was now marking his general location.
“This isn’t over.”
The [Nightstalker] warned Numbtongue and the [Enforcer]. The Human man sighed, as if disappointed.
