Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 29
“No one’s coming. And no one’s going to find you until I’m away from the city. You shouldn’t have bothered me, Drake.”
The Gnoll woman had a big smile. Relc looked at her. She looked like a big, thug of a woman. Overconfident…until you looked at her.
And saw how many people she’d killed. New [Soldiers] now—Relc had seen them freeze up on the battlefield. Even trained, a [Soldier] who’d never had to hack an opponent apart would hesitate.
Not her. And not him. The Drake said nothing as both sides closed in. Bearclaw was mocking him. The gang she’d pulled together was wary. They knew Relc. And the Drake was just…silent.
“Not going to say anything, Relc? You had a big mouth when you arrested me last time.”
One of the [Thugs] licked his lips nervously. The Drake holding the long dagger saw the [Guardsman] look at him. His eyes flicked to the dagger.
“Breint?”
The Drake jumped. Relc glanced at the dagger and at his face.
“You’re not going to sneer at me again. Liscor is ours after this.”
The Drake vowed. Some of the gang muttered nervously. If they’d killed someone—it was one or two, in fury and the heat of the moment. They had no idea. No idea what it was like to wake up and know you were going to kill someone. 
Bearclaw knew. Relc saw three others with that—look. He marked them.
“Breint. Didn’t I laugh at you?”
“Yeah. Are you laughing now, Relc?”
The other Drake lifted his dagger. The [Sergeant] looked at him. Slowly, the Drake shook his head.
“Not today. Last time I laughed because you were under arrest. Today? I’m going to kill you, Breint. Walk away.”
The [Thug] wavered. So did the others. This wasn’t the Relc they knew.
Bearclaw halted. She was no idiot. She recognized Relc. Her eyes narrowed. She nodded to the others and snarled.
“Enough. Take him.”
A window moved. A Drake with a magical wand who had been pointing at Relc unleashed a spell. A beam of light flashed down. The Drake had seen it. He was already moving.
He charged at Breint. The Drake put his dagger up. An idiot. What use was a dagger on the battlefield? It was good in alleyways, close quarters. But Relc had a spear. Longer than a sword, versatile. A weapon that could halt a charging horse, attack from a distance—
The spear went through Breint’s throat. Relc twisted, and the enchanted tip swept clear. Half of Breint’s head sagged as he went down. He spun, and Bearclaw’s paws deflected a slash. She snarled.
The gang was frozen for a second as the Drake collapsed, blood littering the ground. They looked at Relc.
“But you’re a Senior Guardsman.”
One of them said. Relc looked around. The Gecko of Liscor twirled his spear. He ducked another flash of light. Then he disappeared. A Gnoll found a spear’s tip in his gut. Bearclaw snarled as the street devolved into chaos. Before that moment, Relc’s words echoed.
“I’m off-duty.”
 
—-
 
At the same time, a Gnoll girl was running around Liscor’s playground. Laughing. She was having fun. Ryoka wasn’t here. But Mrsha and Ekirra and Visma were playing. The Gnoll boy was babbling about the soccer lessons he was taking.
Mrsha had no concerns. Some of the adults watching the kids play in the enchanted playground grumbled, bored.
“Did you hear about the Golden Triangle? I heard it was fake.”
“Can’t be. I got silver from it. And I gave money just the other day. I haven’t recouped but—my entire family’s in it.”
“I heard The Wandering Inn is saying it’s fake. You know? The Crazy Human swears it.”
“Well—she’s crazy. Um. Did she actually say that?”
