Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 58
 
—-
 
Did he believe in what he said to her, even now? Eloque saw the [Necromancer] gaze in her direction. His eyes closed and she felt the same madness in Riqre’s keep growing in her. But not yet. There was so much further to fall. She would have begun to laugh.
Then she saw his eyes open. No—just one. Pisces opened one eye, as if unable to focus. He stared up as Astotha was allowed to tend to him. Closed his eyes. Opened one, unfocused. Cawe hurried over to cursing, bending to berate him.
He’d most certainly—
Failed.
 
—-
 
One last attempt. Pisces had been warned. Everyone told him it. Even if Igheriz ‘liked’ him, he would carry out his threats. Technically it was two more attempts, but Pisces really didn’t want to suffer the consequences of the third strike.
He lay in the wagon for nearly a day afterwards, until Igheriz made him walk with the others. Pisces stumbled, head-down, looking all but defeated. Yet this time—the [Guards] watched him like a hawk.
They were not fooled. And Tenir’s death, reviled though the madman had been or not, had shaken them. They never took their eyes off Pisces.
He was even separated from his ‘friends’, the other [Slaves] who had made his acquaintance. Pisces was placed among strangers after the first day, on Igheriz’s orders.
Hrome was displeased by Pisces’ torture. He still liked Pisces, and remonstrated with Igheriz in private, but he could not deny that losing Pisces was to lose all, after this fraught trip. So he kept vigilant too.
They had slowed after Riqre, losing time rather than gaining it. They were passing far across the south, but the next city would change things.
“I will not wait, and risk all again. I will hire a flying carpet, dangerous though it might be, or a Djinni, or some means to transport Pisces to Roshal. Azam will escort him, and I.”
Hrome knew, then, that Pisces’ time was limited. He felt sorry for the [Necromancer], but he would not try Igheriz’s wrath. Of course, no less than three people had offered, but Hrome had no intentions of trying to betray Igheriz. The other [Slave Master] was higher-level, and while a surprise was advantageous—
No one could kill Azam.
 
—-
 
Two days away from the city of Vishront, Azam himself spoke to Pisces.
The Djinni walked besides the [Necromancer]’s wagon. Pisces had collapsed. Suspicious that he was faking it, even though Astotha assured him Pisces was still weak, Igheriz had him watched by Azam and chained down.
“[Necromancer]. Speak to me.”
Pisces jerked back to wakefulness from a dream he was back in the inn. His scars burned. He had heard Eloque weeping.
He woke to his hell, and the Djinni’s surprisingly high voice for his size. But then—Azam took the form of the obsidian half-Giant glowing with magma. Pisces looked up.
“You—you want to converse, Azam?”
Once, before, he might have called Azam ‘mighty Azam’ to play to his ego, or made some snide comment. Pisces did not. He did not sniff or speak with eloquence or diction proving his lexicon of words.
He was tired. Pisces had reached his limit long ago, in Riqre’s keep. He wanted to be free.
How did someone live, a lifetime, a century, as long as Azam, like this? Forced to face masters as bad as Igheriz, or even Riqre? He looked up and saw the glowing eyes.
Uncaring. Azam had watched as they tortured Pisces. Azam had seen Riqre’s deprivations, and only been moved when they came to him.
