Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 17
What it looked like was Salkis sitting next to a friend with a hood. And who would guess that the person was a Goblin, not just another Drake or Gnoll? If you saw Fierre and Garia riding along, you didn’t care about the others; they were just Humans.
Perspective. Assumptions.
Niers Astoragon was having a lot of fun. Of course, he wasn’t just trusting to the disguises, but he wanted to see how far they got with just them. This reminded him of being on campaign, like pretending an entire battalion of Selphids were reinforcements and sneaking them into the enemy camp.
“Your audacity is inspiring, Niers.”
Even Bird was impressed. He tilted his head, regarding the group moving through the dawn and early morning.
“We’ll stop by midday. Pretend we’re taking a rest. Move far off the road; we don’t want someone wanting to share our camp. If we see a huge group, move’ em off the road for something. Not a broken wagon wheel. Too many busybodies just looove to help.”
Bird addressed Garia, who was running ahead as a City Runner. She nodded, seriously, with the same awe that they were getting away with it. Which they had been for only two hours, to be fair.
“What do we do?”
“I do not know? I will improvise. I am Bird.”
Privately, Bird thought that Niers was not doing a good job pretending to be him. But it fooled everyone else. Niers went on.
“Pretend you are having the Yellow Rivers. That fools people because they will not like to get close. Or cough a lot. This is logic. I am Bird.”
“Got it, Bird.”
Garia jogged ahead. And…scene. Niers sat back, enjoying everything. Especially because the caravan got into it.
Some, like Gna and Ulvama, looked like they wanted to pee blood with the stress this was causing. But the Goblins and Antinium began to get really into it.
“Hey! What’s the news?”
Numbtongue shouted at a passing City Runner—on horseback. The Gnoll growled.
“Can’t talk! Armies on the road, you know how it is. Get a scrying orb!”
“Come on, anything new?”
Numbtongue galloped forwards a bit. The Gnoll growled.
“Oh—fine—I just heard that the King of Destruction’s so wounded he can’t move and they’re sieging Reim on all sides. There!”
“Ooh. Nice.”
“Thanks. Hey, take a bath! You’re a bit whiffy!”
Numbtongue shouted an insult and the City Runner galloped onwards. He returned, chortling, to Octavia and Ulvama, who both tried to kill him. Salkis had dared him to do that.
It was too fun. That was the problem. There was something intoxicating, to the Goblin mind, with being able to get away with being a normal person, how do you do fellow normal people, let’s not kill each other, on the road.
Like Gothica, who could wave behind a hood and little mask on her face at some Drake children.
“Want to trade toys?”
They shouted eagerly as their family urged them onwards. Gothica reached for a dagger. At that point Dirtmouth had to stop her since there was such a thing as going too far.
To the Antinium as well. The invisible Workers and Soldiers first just marched along in petrified silence. Then, they began to wave every time a group passed by because they would wave back. It was so much…fun.
“This is incredible.”
Fierre muttered, staring at the mastermind behind the entire event with awe.
Here was the thing. Bird, or rather, Niers, had done his job too well selling the group on this. They were relaxed, and it added to the cover, because he’d convinced them this ruse was going to work, 100%.
