Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 31
His tone suggested that winning a game or two might be enjoyable. No hint that he would ever lose. Palt glanced at Montressa. Numbtongue poked his head out of the door.
By the time Olesm burst through the door, panting and clutching at his side, the two were sitting.
“I prefer playing black. But if you have a preference…”
Erin politely switched the board around. The Grand Magus waved a lazy hand.
“I’m quite fine with either side. Rather—to make this interesting, why don’t I spot you a move?”
The young woman’s eyes narrowed.
“…Really?”
“I am most adept.”
“Cool. That’s really generous. How about this, though. I could spot you a move.”
The Dragon hesitated. He sat up slightly. His eyes narrowed. Erin gave him a big, friendly smile.
“I’m adept too.”
Somewhere in Pallass, Chaldion was fighting with his [Healer], demanding to see. Erin Solstice cracked her fingers. Winced. She didn’t even notice the rings of people watching. Belgrade, Olesm, Garry, Pawn…Montressa, Bezale, Pelt, Palt…Hedault…
Saliss of Lights casually walked down the hallway. He leaned on the magic door and switched it away from Pallass. Then he dusted his claws and walked back, smiling.
Two voices spoke in the silence.
“I’m serious about spotting you a move.”
“You seriously believe you have a chance, Miss Solstice?”
“Yup. But hey—I do like a nice, fair game. Equal. I’d even bet on it. Like…a few gold coins?”
“I wouldn’t like to take money from you. Why don’t we simply play?”
“As you like.”
The Dragon slowly moved a pawn to E4. The [Innkeeper] looked up at him. She smiled.
 
—-
 
…Of course, that wasn’t important. In the [Garden of Sanctuary], oblivious to the sounds coming from the common room, three [Druids] walked. Two upright, one on all fours.
Nalthaliarstrelous, when not beating animal-abusers with his staff, was much different to the person Lyonette and Erin mistrusted so much. The first thing he did was see to Mrsha’s Fortress Beaver colony.
“Oh, you poor things.”
Mrsha saw him gently coaxing the Fortress Beavers out of their dam. Then, the [Druid] held them. He gently inspected their scarred flesh. And to Mrsha’s amazement, produced little balms, rubbed them into the flesh. And the scar tissue began to fade.
Even Shassa, the other [Druid], was amazed. But Mrsha felt it. If Shassa was a sapling, Nalthaliarstrelous was a tree. And his power ran deep.
“Healing is one of our talents. Few spells heal outright, but our class can cast [Regeneration] at the utmost highest levels. Which I am not. But I can still remove scar tissue.”
The [Druid] explained to Mrsha. His fingers were gentle, and the Fortress Beaver nuzzled him before she waddled off. The animals trusted the [Druid] instinctively. And he knew his work. He inspected the stool of the beavers—which Mrsha had to toss out every day as part of her responsibilities. He kicked one fresh leaving apart and hmmed.
“The wood isn’t as good for their diets. There are better trees. And they will want different food by season.”
Mrsha looked up at him. She was impressed. This smelly Human was smart.
Shassa laughed, appalled. Nalthaliarstrelous just guffawed. The Drake bent down and addressed Mrsha.
“You mustn’t mock him. Nalthaliarstrelous is among the best of us.”
“I am just a man. Our little landfriend has the right of it.”
The older [Druid] snapped. Shassa jumped, blushed under her scales and ducked her head.
“Forgive me, Nalthaliarstrelous. As I said. Oteslia craves your aid. He is the best of us at terraforming, you see, Mrsha.”
