Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 33
A one-word explanation. Lyonette rubbed at her forehead. But the Lamia? He looked at her with disbelief, uncertainty, sat back—thought about what everyone had seen—and then exhaled. He took a long sip of tea.
“—Please tell me he can’t haunt the living. Or he’ll drive half the [Architects] to their deaths.”
Erin laughed then bit back a sob.
“No. He’s not coming back. No one is.”
“Oh. I see.”
Hexel stared at Erin and then shook himself. He opened his mouth, shook himself again, and then grabbed the foolscap.
“I’ll scream about that later. Let me just focus on—he wants four floors. Inner courtyard. He’s designing around your [Garden of Sanctuary]. Dead gods, reinforced magic stone? Fire magicore for heating in the wall insulation. Is that—is that a ballista on top?”
Lyonette’s head snapped around to glare at Erin.
“A what?”
Erin was nodding, a huge smile on her face. She watched Hexel sort through the foolscap.
“Mhm. Oh yes, this is by the late Drevish. None of his earlier-stage experimentation. He’s refined all his old processes and done more experimentation. Which he always does, to be fair. It generally works. If I do it right—and he’s laid it out as if I’m an idiot—I love how there are actually ingredient lists for the versions of mortar he wants.”
“He was really insistent about that. He said people often cut corners or get it wrong.”
Hexel snorted.
“To be fair, they do. But I wouldn’t make that mistake. How complex. He’s even included a lot of magical inlays to enhance your inn, assuming you’re going to need them. Okay. If I did this, your inn would have walls most castles would envy. It would have a guest-occupancy of one hundred and twenty, which assumes you’re not piling people into rooms. I’ve seen bigger inns, but this one would be a complex mostly self-contained for defensive reasons. It would have an entire alchemy suite, indoor bathing, a proper cellar complex—warded from Antinium sapping—”
He flipped through the notes.
“…And specific designs incorporating your Skills. Including hidden areas only you can enter via your garden door. It’s wonderfully overdesigned.”
“Can you build it?”
Erin and Lyonette exchanged a glance. Hexel took a moment to sip from his tea cup.
“Oh, absolutely. I can even add a few places for a statue. Although he has one in the inner courtyard, and I think the note says to have him there.”
“He did that? That—that—okay! You can build it?”
Hexel smiled. The Lamia flicked his tail at the blueprints.
“Absolutely. I would do it for the levels alone! We can source a lot of the materials on the market, and despite Drevish’s objections, Demas Metal and the Dwarves coming to the north will really help with the prices.”
“We’ve got Dwarves on Izril?”
Erin hadn’t heard of that. But Lyonette was watching Hexel’s placid face. She coughed.
“Um. Architect Hexel, I notice you haven’t brought up any fees. We have a consulting fee, though you didn’t mention that. Do you want to discuss installments or…?”
Hexel laughed lightly and shook his head.
“For Miss Solstice, I will gladly waive the consultation fee. If I level up from reading these notes, I will pay you. But I don’t believe an installment plan is necessary. You cannot afford this. Frankly, until I see even a—no, half of the budget, I won’t even consider beginning work. There would be no point.”
Erin gulped. She looked at the plans and thought of Drevish. Great guy. Grumpy, but great…and used to designing things for Fetohep, the King of Destruction, and monarchs.
“H-how much do you think this would cost?”
Hexel stared up at the ceiling. His lips moved for a while.
