Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 6
The herd of animals stopped well short of the Greenpaw’s lands. The vast fields the Gnolls tended looked hardly poor to Inkar—but food was not always worth much in a world of Skills.
The Greenpaws grew a variety of crops, and a lot of cash crops as well. Sage’s Grass, in a small plot carefully watched for signs of infestation, alchemical herbs—even a small orchard! They had tended this land for generations.
It was a good spot. Foothills and a lake gave the Greenpaws all the water they might need. Still, bad luck was bad luck and their tribe was less than half the size of the Longstalkers. Barely two hundred Gnolls, all told.
Neither tribe was huge. Big tribes could be over a hundred thousand Gnolls. Not in one place; they split up after certain points. But Inkar heard the names of the other large tribes as Eska and Orelighn talked.
“One hears the Silverfangs are waiting for the thousands they sent to Liscor. They have yet to declare they formally arrived—which upset the Plains Eye tribe who wanted to settle them.”
“Plains Gnolls becoming City Gnolls. And for what? Their great gift?”
Silverfangs, Plains Eye—if the Silverfangs were a larger tribe, and wealthier, numbering in the tens of thousands—the Plains Eye was one of the largest in all of Izril.
Not that size meant a tribe’s power. It was also reputation, individuals. Deeds.
“Who has arrived? Plains Eye, half of Silverfang?”
“Of note? Woven Bladegrass, still bearing spoils of their conquests. Gaarh Marsh is on the way with many tribes in their company. Weatherfur waits for their [Strategist].”
“Ah. The child on the news. Steelfur?”
“Already there, of course. The Wild Wastes tribe…I have not heard of them. Ekhtouch may be ahead of us. My group will go with yours—we may run into them.”
Both Chieftains rolled their eyes and grimaced. Inkar wanted to know why.
“Ekhtouch Tribe?”
“Small. As small as ours, Inkar. But mighty. They are…difficult. But rich. No doubt they have grand gifts for the other tribes to put ours to shame. I almost hope they move faster than we.”
Eska’s ears flattened, perhaps due to some grudge. As Orelighn led them up the foothills, towards the lake, Inkar saw him turn with his walking staff to Eska.
“I hope, Eska, that our tribes can work together. I would be grateful. And my tribe has not forgotten your generosity before.”
It was careful wording. Politics among Gnolls already. Eska had told Inkar that the Meeting of Tribes was the most political event of their species. Now—Inkar saw Eska hesitate before ducking her head.
“…Of course, Orelighn. I will speak for the Greenpaw Tribe and we will combine our fortunes and dismays.”
He reached out and clasped her arm.
“You are generous. And we will not be the paw that drags you into muck, Eska. Come, come and see. I thought it strange and my [Shamans] did not know what omen it signaled. Now—I think it is of the same thing Inkarr is. Come. It was an ill day when we saw the tragedy.”
Inkar and Eska exchanged puzzled looks. There was nothing odd about the area they were climbing, towards the secluded lake. Gnolls apparently fished there for food, but Orelighn took them a bit west. Higher.
The lake was secluded in a small basin, the Greenpaw’s guarded lands. Now—he took them to the edge of that point. His voice grew solemn. Pained.
“It came down like the wrath of an [Archmage] in the night. Fire—it nearly burned down the entire forest. Our [Shamans] barely contained the flames.”
He led them past burned trees. The hair on Inkar’s arms stirred. She saw something, ahead of them. A valley of destruction. A flash of—
