Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 10
The man’s tone was polite. Ryoka wondered how many people had said that to him that ended up…
He was disarming because he was so casual. They didn’t talk names, but when Ryoka mentioned being surprised at the Unmarked Coach’s existence, the [Assassin] sighed.
“It’s the kind of luxury anyone who’s made it out of the Ranks longs for. My apologies. The Ranks are the expendable [Assassins] in our guild. Myself, I stopped riding around and using other vehicles the moment I became one of the Faces.”
“Oh. So you’re…er…good? At your job?”
“I specialize in—wires. Let’s put it at that. If you have a problem with anyone moving around fast…”
He gave Ryoka’s bare feet a pointed look. The [Assassin] sat back as Ryoka gulped and smiled as he sipped from his goblet.
“I won’t talk business. Say, did you catch the latest battle between the King of Destruction and the King of Duels?”
“What?”
The two were caught off-guard again. But the [Assassin] wanted to gossip about…well, the scrying orb stuff.
“You saw the battle at Daquin? That was my introduction to this television business. Fascinating. I won fifty gold on that little Lizardgirl—not that I bet on her, but I bet it was going to be stealth, not force that beat Tulm the Mithril.”
Fierre grinned. And so did Ryoka, after a moment. The man recommended they ask for dates from Chandrar, and he was very acquainted with the Unmarked Coach’s capabilities.
“Pillows make life easier. There used to be a bigger space, but they changed it. Too many people kept napping and missing their destinations. Some incentive for them to get out, you know. But ask for ice in your drinks…”
Ryoka didn’t get drunk, precisely, on the magic wine, but maybe the tiniest bit tipsy. It really didn’t fill you up much, but there was some sense that she was putting something into her. It made it great for feasting and even Fierre got in on the action.
…Which was when the man with the hat and the two rough-looking [Gang Leaders] joined the [Trapmaster Assassin] in the coach.
Ryoka stared at the man with the hat, who doffed his cap to her and Fierre at once. He opened the door for one of the [Gang Leaders]; she snorted and pushed her way into the wagon.
“Ale.”
She spoke loudly and it appeared. The other [Gang Leader] sat opposite her and ordered a Gorgon’s Stare, which took a few seconds longer to appear. The Brother of Serendipitous Meetings had nothing at all.
“Good evening to you.”
The [Assassin] nodded. The Brother tipped his hat again, but kept it on as he produced a flask and poured it into a cup—both of which he’d brought. He ate and drank nothing, while the two [Gang Leaders] had food.
“Dead gods, but I’m starving.”
“Well, this won’t fill you up.”
The other [Gang Leader] was cautioning his compatriot. She glared at him.
“I know that. But if we’re rumbling with—”
They cast their glances sideways at the other riders. The female [Gang Leader] savagely bit into her fillet.
“—I want to be moving fast.”
“Of course.”
“Just have a bit of actual food, or you’ll run out of energy. Happened to me once. Ate and drank for three days straight and fell on my face when I got to my target.”
That came from the [Assassin]. The female criminal nearly laughed her food out of her mouth. The [Assassin] introduced himself, but the others seemed to know who he was.
“On a mission?”
“Can’t say, won’t say.”
