Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 9
One of the [Knights], Dame Chorisa, informed Ryoka with a blank face. Ryoka, wincing, put her hand over her ribs.
“Duly noted. Do they want me? The royal family, that is.”
“They are at their lessons.”
“Good, good. I don’t think the wind’s particularly nice right now. Was that…Great Knight Gilaw who hit me?”
“Lightly, yes, Courier Griffin. She was defending the royal family.”
“Lightly?”
The Thirsting Veil Knights gave her bright smiles behind their visors, Ryoka was sure, that mixed schadenfreude with…Ryoka suspected…a bit of familiarity.
The Wind Runner began walking down the corridor, now perceiving a certain amount of looks her way, but she spoke to Chorisa.
“Can I ask—what Order of [Knight] is Gilaw?”
“The Great Knight is an…independent [Knight]. A powerful one, as is obvious.”
“Very. When did she appear?”
Chorisa exchanged a glance with the other invisible [Knights].
“…It must have been twelve years ago she was accepted into Ailendamus’ service. She is an…unusual case, Miss Griffin. Zealous beyond reproach. Mute, however, and prone to overeagerness in some regards. Without manners or social graces, but she is entrusted to monster-slaying and guardianship of some of the most important members of Ailendamus.”
She was approving about the zealous part, but Ryoka swore she saw a patch of air wince at the ‘overeager’ part.
“Especially on the training courts.”
Another [Knight] muttered. Ryoka, wincing, nodded. Dame Chorisa eyed her, then walked in front of Ryoka and came to a stop. It was walk into her or stop, so Ryoka stopped.
“Miss Griffin, regarding your conduct. You have invalidated my order’s watchfulness in front of the royal family. In light of your specific nature as Duke Rhisveri’s…guest, you were allowed some licenses other prisoners of state are not. However, if you conduct yourself so again, we will be forced to address the issue.”
Her blank face but slightly clenched jaw told Ryoka exactly what she’d like to do. The Wind Runner smiled winsomely.
“Thank you for being forthright, Dame Chorisa. I’ll keep it in mind.”
That wasn’t the response Chorisa had been expecting, nor was it characteristic of Ryoka. She gave Ryoka a narrow-eyed glance.
“My warning…”
“Completely understood. You have to do what you have to do. I’ll hear you out if I make any errors you feel cross the line.”
Ryoka waited a beat.
“Good luck in stopping me.”
Before Chorisa could respond. Ryoka glanced around.
“And now, I would like to visit Lady Fithea, the Conservator of the Forest. I have an invitation. Can you escort me there?”
Chorisa looked like she wanted to escort Ryoka to a locker and keep her in there. But she blinked at Fithea’s name.
“Lady Fithea? That would be the private section of the palace. The Estexil Wing. Adjacent to the Court of Masks. Visitors are not allowed license to enter…even Baron Regalius or a [General] would be prohibited to enter.”
“Well, she wants to meet with me. You can ask her, but we could go over rather than waste time. Court of Masks, you said? I know the way.”
Ryoka began to trot down the corridors. Chorisa hesitated, then strode after Ryoka.
“We will escort you and confirm you have an appointment. Dame Lacres.”
Another figure materialized and marched off. Chorisa followed Ryoka, speaking hotly as the Wind Runner practically skipped along.
“If you disturb the peace again, Miss Griffin, we will not let it go unaddressed.”
“Mhm. Yep.”
“This is not an idle threat. Guest or not…”
“I understand. What, are you going to beat me with sticks?”
“We are not barbarians.”
