Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 3
And with Ekirra and Visma popping in, and after the [Pirate] had so effectively beaten Erin’s aura with a drink to the face, she’d been…practicing.
Now, Erin closed her eyes. She concentrated, spreading out an awareness she hand’t known she had. If people had six senses, this was like a seventh sense that sort of felt like the sixth. Erin hadn’t even known she could feel with her inn-sense until recently.
“Hm. Garden. Pond.”
Erin opened her eyes. She headed towards a wall and the door to the garden appeared.
“Hey! Remember, towels, you three! Rolling in the grass doesn’t count and it makes you dirty! Towels before you come into the inn, okay?”
Mrsha, Visma, and Ekirra jumped as Erin appeared in the doorway. She smiled, pleased with herself. They nodded obediently as Mrsha did a breaststroke through the water and grabbed Ekirra’s tail. Apista buzzed around the garden as Erin closed the door.
“It must be a relief, having that garden. When I was a colt, I’d run off and my parents would find me miles from our village.”
Palt commented as Erin wandered over. She looked at him.
“I can’t imagine that. I was a kid and I used to get in trouble for wandering off while looking at chess notations. Uh…that’s sort of normal. The wandering off part. What are Centaur kids like?”
The [Illusionist] grinned.
“Prone to running about a lot. And we get spooked easily. Centaurs are actually fairly nervous as a people. We do not like loud noises, so thunderstorms have us up all night.”
“Really? Well, Humans…uh…uh….we have a thing about eating sugar.”
“So does most of the world.”
Erin paused.
“We…like sitting around and eating?”
“Many a time I’ve done that.”
“You know, Humans are really unique. Because we have this unique feature of…gossiping about people behind their backs.”
“Having lived around the Lizardfolk, I cannot imagine what that’s like.”
Palt grinned as Erin glared at him.
“Don’t worry. Humans are unique. Well, your people have inbred with a lot of species. You’re like the common clay of a lot of people. Centaurs have Human torsos, after all. Or as my people would put it, Humans have odd legs and Centaur torsos.”
The young woman had to smile at that.
“Sounds familiar. So—what do Humans have?”
“An obsession with climbing things. You people see a mountain and you climb it. Centaurs, Lizardfolk, Dullahans—we leave it alone.”
“Huh. But you never wonder…?”
“No.”
 
—-
 
After about an hour, the beans were done drying. It surprised Erin, but Palt’s spell was powerful and air-drying was, well, air-drying. Palt assured Erin his little trick could dry wet clothing, and Erin knew from experience how long a pile of wet clothing could take.
She prodded the beans in the tray, pulling a few out with tongs.
“I think they’re dry! Yup! That’s dry! Know it anywhere. Lyonette, we’ve got dry beans! What’s next?”
The [Princess] indicated the recipe lying next to the table. Erin sighed. She had to read it herself? She checked the neat Drake script and frowned.
“Huh. Roasting ‘em. Like coffee! Which I assume you roast. I mean, that’s all I hear about it.”
“What’s coffee?”
“Something not in my garden. But it’s another bean. Wakes you up. I never really saw the point. I’ll do a tea if I need to.”
“Hm. You know, the Elusive Lot…”
“You’re already getting chocolate, buddy. Don’t pretend that you’re not memorizing this.”
Palt jumped and to Erin’s gratification, blushed. She smiled. Old Erin wasn’t that oblivious! Or that old!
“Well, I can do the roasting too. How hot should I make them? I even have the boundary set up…”
The Centaur cleared his throat. Erin shrugged.
