Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 5
“Visit House Terland, Ryoka. They’re the ones who buy all the Golems. Further north than Reizmelt.”
“Oh.”
Ryoka blushed. The other two ran on, now chattering about Golems.
Golems. Owning a…well, to Ryoka, it was like a magical robot. There were parallels to Earth’s understanding of such things. They weren’t Elementals—which had existed and still might, but manufactured things. Few had actual intelligence. Buying a Golem with her money?
It felt too big to imagine. But Ryoka was rich. She could afford a Golem? Well, unless it could fit in a bag of holding, there might not be a point. But what if…?
Ryoka ran on, imagining a giant rock Golem wearing a maid’s outfit and sweeping a broom while a white Gnoll sat on its head and probably threw things at the peons below.
Yeah. Yeah, that wouldn’t turn out badly at all.
 
—-
 
Among the numerous duties of Magus-Crafter Femithain was resolving issues of…discipline within the ranks of the exalted Crafters of Illivere.
The Illivere Federation, a group of smaller states that formed the federation, was a semi-longstanding nation. In that they could boast of several thousand years of unity in its current incarnation and roots in the art of crafting Golems far before that.
Today, Illivere bordered Nerrhavia’s Fallen and was a small fish in the large pond. Which was better than being a large guppy in the smaller puddles. The might of Illivere, as everyone knew, rested in Golems.
They were a democracy as well. In that the people of each state voted on a smaller group of Crafters—the elite of Illivere’s society who manufactured or managed Golems—into positions of authority. And then those people voted in the Magus-Crafter. Some people objected now and then that this wasn’t true democracy per se and as such, but the Crafters of Illivere weren’t about to hand over all the power to the common folk, now, were they?
Anyways, about Golems. If you owned no Golems in Illivere, you were poor. If you helped make Golems you were working in the best job there was. Of course—there were differences there too.
Some were just lowly artisans who shaped a calf, or produced raw materials. Others helped make the binding spells, repaired Golems, and so on. The ‘Crafters’ were the ones who were in charge. Who laid out plans. Who ‘made’ the Golems. And the dozens, possibly hundreds of workers who contributed to the process just helped out.
It was different from Wistram, where a [Golem Artificer] might create an entire Golem on their own. In Illivere, it was an industry. And as such, the Crafters were often businesspeople as well as artisans. All of this to say that a Golem Crafter was hard to discipline, so it fell to the First Crafters of each state—or the Magus-Crafter, Femithain, to oversee breaches in conduct.
All of this…Femithain stared up three feet and eyed the Golem from head to toe, ignoring the murmurs in the square. All of this still didn’t explain why he was staring at a 9-foot tall, nude Nsiia currently posing in the capital of Illivere, Demarsel.
“It uh—you can see why we’ve asked for your presence, Crafter-Magus. The creator, Siddin of Veule, refuses to take his creation elsewhere. He claims it’s art and has dedicated it to the Empress and the Tiqr resistance.”
The Watch Captain was staring at Nsiia. So were a lot of people in the crowds, many of whom were objecting. Well—some were objecting.
“Former Empress, Watch Captain.”
“Excuse me, Magus-Crafter?”
The man tore his eyes away from Nsiia’s chest. Femithain regarded the posing Golem steadily.
