Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 29
“Because of the uprising.”
Femithain’s eyes flickered. Regret? Wariness?
“Just so. But you will have time to see that in Elbe. Here—we have one of the last examples of a nebulous-type Golem. This way.”
He’d led her to a cistern by a river. Nsiia blinked as she got out of the Golem Carriage and stretched. Now, as part of her tour of his nation, the Magus-Crafter had led her to one of the enduring cornerstones of Illivere’s industry.
Nsiia’s nation had traded with Illivere, but she had not inquired too much into their sources of material. She knew what everyone knew; Golems provided for much of their workforce’s needs, such that the Illivere Federation was often compared to Khelt.
Unfavorably, of course in purely economic terms; Golems were fewer in number and less adaptable than undead in many cases. For instance—few Golems had the dexterity to plant seeds, while Khelt’s undead could plant, till, water, and harvest all without more than a single [Farmer] lounging in a hammock and occasionally shooting an arrow at a bird.
However. In some ways Golems were superior to undead. Nsiia expected to be shown one of the famed quarries that produced fine-cut stone for the entire region. Only Hellios had finer, and theirs was far more costly. Or—perhaps the Golems unloading cargo? Or pulling ploughs?
What she found was more startling still. A Golem was standing in a vast cistern. Into which…water was being poured and siphoned from at the same time.
It was a simple system, really. Water from the high ground ran down into a single access-point that could be closed at need. From there—it was directed into lower pools by said Golem. And below the Golem itself was a second…basin. Into which objects, large, as large as Nsiia’s head or even half as tall as she or Femithain and just as wide were dropping.
They fell from the Golem’s body as it produced the chunks of sea salt. Materializing, seemingly out of the glistening water and falling out of the Golem.
The Water Golem stood still, a giant, in the cistern. Its body was constantly being made up of the salty seawater being pumped into the cistern, and depositing freshwater into the pools below.
“Oliphant’s horns.”
“I thought you would be impressed. Had you heard of the Purifier of Illivere before, Empress?”
“No.”
Nsiia shook herself. Each nation on Chandrar not blessed with bountiful rivers or access to water had their own ways of obtaining vital freshwater. Tiqr guarded its plentiful oases and rivers. And Savere had the Siren as well as access to the sea; any good [Hydromancer] could separate salt from water.
Yet, Illivere had done away with even the need for a [Mage]. Wonderingly, Nsiia looked up. The Golem stood still, a towering figure.
“It has to be twenty feet tall.”
“Twenty two point four. A masterpiece. It has been running nonstop in this capacity for the last 1,203 years. With sixty one interruptions for calamity or combat. We lack the technology to create more such.”
“And its job is just to…? Where does Illivere get the saltwater?”
The Illivere Federation did not border a coast. Femithain adjusted his spectacles and produced a map.
“…This river, here. The Aleyss flows upstream. Magical phenomena. Either a spell or some feature of the geography. We harness its waters. Frankly—the Purifier is needed. Before its inception here, the ground was completely saturated with salt.”
