Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 38
Touch my armor and I will break your arms.
Relc hummed as he dressed himself. It brought him back, doing things the Liscor-army way. He hadn’t changed anything. Not changed anyone’s minds, not changed the situation…just rearranged parts of a face. It was just something you did.
“Guards, fall in!”
The bark came from Terigrals’ office. Relc stood to attention and marched into a line as the Watch Captain came out. With a truth stone.
“Surprise inspection. Guardswoman Aiss, do you swear that you have committed no crimes under Cellidel law, broken no Watch regulations, taken no bribes, and have not compromised your oath as a [Guard]?”
Relc stood there, ignoring the sidelong looks and expectant, vengeful glares.
If you failed with both tactics, the last step was to go up. Well—second-to-last. He heard [Guards] swearing via the truth spell, and waited until Terigrals got to him.
The Watch Captain did not look happy, but he met Relc’s gaze squarely. Why did he look disappointed? The other [Guards] all watched, even the ones already cleared as he spoke.
“Guardsman Relc. Do you swear that you have committed no crimes under Cellidel law, broken no Watch regulations, taken no bribes, and have not compromised your oath as a [Guard]?”
“Yessir.”
The truth stone glowed…gray. A darker hue than not. Not a full lie, but—the exhalation in the Watch House could have blown out a window.
Terigrals nodded. He raised his voice.
“Senior Guardsman Relc, how many incidents, to your knowledge, exist of you breaking the law or failing to uphold your oath?”
Relc thought.
“…Two, Watch Captain.”
Terigrals blinked. The stone glowed white. The Watch Captain eyed him.
“Then explain both, Senior Guardsman.”
Relc nodded.
“I saw a [Guard] continue to attack a downed criminal and failed to stop them during the armed robbery last week, Watch Captain. I also failed to speak up when an innocent kid was arrested for owning a practice spear, and got beaten bloody because of it. Those are my failings, sir, and I will accept full punishment for both.”
The entire Watch stared at the stone in Terigrals’ claw. It didn’t change color. It glowed serenely white the entire time.
Terigrals stared at the Drake.
“Nothing else, Guardsman Relc? You have not violated the law in any other way?”
Relc thought about it.
“Nossir. My conscience is as clear as a glass of water. As smooth as a Human’s ass, sir.”
Laughter. Terigrals hesitated and looked at the stone, but while it dipped into grey with the glass of water and Human’s ass comment, it was only a bit. Relc was telling the truth.
As truth stones saw it, at least.
The Watch Captain looked at Relc Grasstongue. Relc met his gaze.
“Do you have anything else you’d like to talk to me about, Watch Captain T?”
He asked innocently. Terigrals met his gaze. Relc waited. The Watch waited, uncertain of what came next.
Routine, you old Drake. If Terigrals acknowledged Pos, it meant he also knew that nine Senior Guards had waited to ambush one of their own. And if he did—the Watch Captain hesitated.
The truth stone was glowing in his claw. Relc stared at it, then Terigrals. Say something. I dare you.
“No, Senior Guardsman Relc. That will be all.”
Terigrals hid the stone before it turned dark. Relc saw it, even so.
 
—-
 
The end. Hold for applause. An extra drink on the house and spaghetti! If Relc was telling a story to Erin, that’s what would happen next.
