Interlude – Embria
Page 25
“We haven’t been here long enough. But Liscor’s army fights everywhere. You think we aren’t called to patrol the neutral border between the Hives? It’s not peaceful like you Humans think. The Antinium attack us, and we attack them. Clashes happen all the time on the border zone. And not with these Worker-types either. Liscor’s Antinium are tame compared to the ones I’ve seen. Flying bastards who pick off travelers on the roads. Armored Antinium. Invisible ones. And there are worse kinds, like the things that sometimes appear and kill entire villages. They don’t look like regular Antinium—until you cut them open and see the similarities. We are at war.”
The woman opened her mouth. But it was Ksmvr who jumped in.
“That is correct, broadly speaking, Wing Commander Embria. But I am no longer a member of my Hive. Therefore, I am no enemy of yours, Wing Commander Embria. I am an adventurer. That is all I have left.”
Embria filed away that information in case it was important. But she still held onto her spear. She lowered it to the ground and stepped back, but she couldn’t let go.
“That changes nothing. I’m sorry to bother you, Miss Byres. But I think it’s time I get back to my drills.”
She saluted with her spear. Yvlon looked annoyed and disgusted by turns. She moved Ksmvr back and spoke sharply.
“I’d have hoped that you could meet one member of a species without tarring the rest with the same brush. Or are all Drakes the same? All Gnolls? Either way, if you won’t accept the Antinium, at least you could rethink Goblins. One stays at Erin’s inn. And Goblins may have attacked Liscor at the behest of their Goblin Lord, but Goblins—”
“Saved it?”
It was a common refrain. Embria spat the words. She looked Yvlon in the eye and shook her head.
“You want me to be at peace with the Antinium? Fine. I’ll do that when we’re actually at peace. When I can trust that the Hive isn’t working to undermine Liscor.”
“That would be very difficult.”
“Shush, Ksmvr”
Embria ignored both. She tightened her grip on her spear.
“But Goblins? Make peace with Goblins? Never. Goblins killed my mother.”
 
—-
 
And then she was the angriest she’d been all day. For a moment. For ten minutes. For twenty. Twenty seven. And then she couldn’t be angry anymore. Because as deep the injustice, as true as the emotions were, they were old wounds. Embria couldn’t be angry. So she was just tired. And a bit sad as she practiced alone.
That was how he found her. She didn’t expect it, but when she turned her head there he was. Just standing there, watching her. He nearly made her lose her grip on her spear. In the end, Embria swung it onto one shoulder and glared at him. She wasn’t in the mood for half-hearted apologies.
“Did you send that Human? Yvlon Byres?”
Relc looked around. Yvlon was standing on the far end of the practice grounds, showing Ksmvr how to fight with sword and shield more effectively.
“Her? Nope. I got sort of mad at Erin when I found out she’d gone. But apparently it was all Yvlon.”
“Well. She’s best friends with an Antinium. Just like you’re now best friends with Erin and all her Goblins, right? Are you enjoying their company too, along with Senior Guardsman Klbkch?”
The words felt like acid coming out, as if Embria was Oldblood. Relc just stared at her, until she couldn’t meet his gaze. Shame rushed through her; the look in his eyes was—
“No. I don’t speak to that guy. And he doesn’t speak to me. But I don’t need to join the army and slaughter another thousand to avenge your mother.”
“So you’re fine with Goblins now? Is that it?”
