Interlude – Singing Ships
Page 6
What had happened to Izril? From the Walled Cities to the remaining Gnoll tribes to other nations, everyone had seen the ghosts appear. Maybe they hadn’t witnessed all of it, but they’d seen Izril crack then increase in size. So…exactly how much land had just appeared?
The answer was unexpectedly hard to get. For one thing—scrying spells could show a vast amount of land, especially if you anchored them high.
“It turns out we cannot—cannot anchor them high enough. And our coordinate-based system seems to, ah, have completely failed in this case, Sir Relz. So this is a very exciting time.”
The broadcast that Lamont and the Earthers were half-watching was going over the events in the Gnoll Plains for the umpteenth time. What was more interesting was that Sir Relz was right now interviewing a Drake [Mage] patiently explaining the problem.
“I’m hearing you right, Tobeis? Can’t you just, ah, shift the [Scrying] spell left a bit?”
“Um…no, Sir Relz.”
The Drake gave Sir Relz the same kind of look and tone as a [Farmer] might when asked if he could just move his field left slightly. He clarified after a second.
“That’s theoretically possible, Sir Relz, but it requires a rather complete understanding of the—the geography and, er, world itself. Part of coordinate-based divination is that we can’t just throw scrying spells into the earth. If that were so, we’d just locate every dungeon below us in a straight line and do that—it’s not practical.”
“I see. I see. So you’re, er, more like tossing a dart at random. You need to know what you’re aiming at.”
The Drake seemed gratified by the explanation.
“Exactly! And let me tell you, there’s a lot more places that don’t exist than there are that exist. We’re surrounded by nothingness—coordinate-wise.”
“Um. We are?”
The existential dread of being a single mote in a void of oblivion was glossed over with a wave of the Drake’s claw.
“So, um, the point is we can anchor the scrying spells fairly high up, but it’s just not an option.”
“So what are we doing to explore this new land?”
For answer, the Drake just pointed, and the scrying orb switched to show a Drake Oldblood flying high above.
“We are mapping this new area with eyes in the sky. It seems to be—amazingly vast. That we cannot even guess as to how much land has arisen suggests the Great Plains may have…doubled. Or tripled in size.”
Sir Relz leaned forwards slowly.
“Did you just say ‘tripled’ the Great Plains?”
“Only speculation, Sir Relz.”
“Ah, but I like it. You heard it here first, people! The Great Plains have tripled in size! Now, I see a ship’s deck behind you. What’s this about?”
The [Mage], Tobeis, seemed to be regretting his words. He tried to choose them more carefully.
“…In accordance with the need for fliers, we need [Cartographers] and, well, everything. But the Walled Cities have sent scouting fleets around the exterior of this landmass, as that is the most practical way to do so quickly. I understand land-based expeditions are being prepared, but we believe it may be safest to maneuver via the coast for now.”
“Safest? How dangerous are you suggesting this new land might be?”
Tobeis hesitated.
“There could be anything, Sir Relz. These were underwater lands, so we are cautiously suggesting this may be the sunken sixth continent in part. Unearthed dungeons? It could be anything, so I’m not saying—”
“The Sixth Continent? You heard it here first, people. If you’re just tuning in, it might not be the 6th Continent—what was it called? But it could be—”
