Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 4
“Drakes do such things with magic, in their cities. Magic enchantments to spin the wheel forever or make the thread thin without needing to touch it. We could buy such a thing, but magic does not live forever. Besides—we do well enough without magic!”
The old [Spinner] had chuckled and produced a fine thread in a moment, running it across the wheel as another Gnoll apprentice worked it. By paw.
“I would not mind that, yes?”
The apprentice had ducked her head and grinned at Inkar, and that had lit a spark in her mind.
It had puzzled Inkar for a long time, asking herself what was missing from the tribe’s spinner. Spinning was a communal activity. One Gnoll moved the spinner, another helped twist, and the final one actually did the spinning while they talked.
That was…off. So, after much recollecting, aided by their [Shaman] who helped Inkar recollect memories in her dreams—the young woman had it!
She had invented…the foot treadle and flyer. It excited only Inkar, mostly female Gnolls, or those who understood what it meant.
It was just a foot-pedal you could use to automate the spinning wheel instead of having someone move it by hand. A flyer spun the thread automatically, rather than forcing someone to do it by paw. Was it revolutionary?
Yes and no. It was an improvement. A significant one, since it allowed one Gnoll to do the work of three. Magical enchantments already existed that could do all of that—but this allowed anyone to do the same with a bit of cunningly-wrought metal or wood. It had caused a stir.
And made her enemies. Inkar had, perhaps naively, not expected that. But progress meant that the weaving group felt Inkar was trying to do away with them, reduce their importance with the technology. She hadn’t, of course.
Now, every Gnoll was a spinner by themselves and some resented that. Or—had, until they saw how much that one bit of technology had improved their output. They could still gossip and talk, Inkar and their Chieftain had sensibly pointed out. Only now, they’d all be spinning thread by themselves instead of three or two to a spinner!
That was months ago. Now, the old [Spinner] pinched Inkar’s cheek affectionately. She had stayed by Inkar, refused to allow the dissent. Neither had Eska.
“The Meeting of Tribes comes, Inkar. We will show them our Human from Earth! But first—you must eat more!”
She worried about Inkar, whom she called ‘short and underfed’. Because Inkar was hardly the Gnoll standard, who averaged six feet in height and were considerably stronger and larger than most Humans, across both genders.
Inkar ducked her head.
“Did you spin well today, Honored Deskie?”
The Gnoll had grey fur and countless grandchildren. She growled an acknowledgement, producing a bolt of almost perfect blue fabric to show Inkar. The young woman made appropriate sounds of admiration. And it was admiration, it was wonderful fabric that needed no dyes!
“Good thread. New technology. Tribes willing—it may give our people some fame during this gathering. But I also hope it will give you what you seek, Inkarr, yes?”
News of home. How she’d gotten here—if others from Earth had come. Inkar nodded slowly. Deskie patted her on the arm.
“You will be fine. We will keep you safe, and the great [Shamans] and [Chieftains] will know something, I am sure. I am looking forwards to my sixth Meeting of the Tribes, myself.”
Sixth? Inkar stared. But then—this was Deskie. The [Magic Spinner]. The one who had made Inkar—
