Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 35
“And it’d never work out, anyways. I mean, I had a huge crush on the Professor the first year, but when you think about it—his age is the least of the problems. He’s a teacher, we’re students. And Fraerlings just can’t have relationships with other species. It’s just unrealistic to assume…what?”
Umina stared up at her. The Centauress hesitated. Slowly, Umina shook her head.
“Marian. I asked him if I was a special student. If I stood out from the rest! What did you think I asked?”
The Centauress froze. Then she scrambled to her hooves. Suddenly, Marian was bright red. She stammered.
“Me? Nothing! That’s what I said! You’re not a special student! Of course you’re not! That’s hubris! I never—you didn’t hear—that’s a secret, understand? I’ve gotta go!”
She looked around, and then practically galloped out of Umina’s room. The Lizardgirl stared at the open door, listening to Marian clatter down the incline. She laughed, shakily, and wiped at her tears.
“Now that’s a secret.”
She felt calmer now, after crying a bit. And Umina did regret asking that question. It was stupid vanity. She crawled into bed. She shouldn’t have asked. But she could only add that to a list of her mistakes she’d remember forever.
And the night had been glorious. She still remembered the Titan’s face. Umina comforted herself with that. She had a secret, an answer to a question even one of the Titan’s best students couldn’t figure out. She had that.
The Lizardgirl wiped at her running nostrils and curled up into a ball in her covers to make herself feel better. As if she was in the very egg she’d hatched from. It was childish, but it made her feel better.
And as the warm coverlet engulfed her, providing a shield from the world, Umina thought. She remembered the Titan’s words. His answer. It was simple. Not like Wil’s long answer.
“The answer to Tulm’s question is this. What I would have said, verbatim: ‘No, you idiot. You got a young one. There are more. Perhaps on Baleros, but I know of two on Izril. They walk among us. Leave them alone.’”
 
—-
 
“Leave them alone.”
Niers Astoragon sat in his room after Umina had left. He was drunk, but Fraerling metabolisms were so fast that he was sobering up again. He still had the remnants of his last drink, so he picked it up.
The Titan sighed as he downed the fiery remnants of his cup. Foliana was probably going to kill him for this. But a promise was a promise. He stood in front of the ajar door, staring at the light permeating into his room. He’d have to close the door too. He raised the empty cup.
“Umina. If you asked me now—I’d have to say yes. I’ll remember your question. Of all my students, you’ve been the hardest to predict. Two hard questions. A fork in the road. One answer might lead to war. The other? An entire world, perhaps.”
He shook his head. And he’d answered her. Niers thought of Tulm. He scowled. What might happen? What might Umina do with the information? But then he laughed.
“Change! It’s always hard! And to protect you—”
He stumbled over to the magical chessboard, staring at it. Then at the other board he’d had commissioned. The Go stones were neatly organized, but they hadn’t moved. Niers sat down, drunk, and stared at the board.
“I need to meet you soon. Let me find these Humans first. These children. Then—who are you? Male? Female? Drake? Human?”
He thought of the young woman. Of the inn. Liscor. The word, the knowledge burned in his mind. But he had work to do. If he left, his company might fall apart. It all hung on him. The Titan bowed his head.
