Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 25
“That is what I see, and I will make sure the Gnoll who replaces me one day understands it. But Yelroan…while I cannot trust you with the full weight of Plain’s Eye yet—I have involved you in the hunt for the Doombringers because you could do what the others did not. You predicted their course.”
“And lost them. That wasn’t math so much as my Skills, Chieftain…”
Xherw lifted a paw, and the younger Gnoll fell quiet.
“Peace, Yelroan. We cannot be perfect. But you have a talent for finding the truth in ways that others cannot ward against. So…I am trusting you with this. I believe there is a Doombringer at the Meeting of Tribes. I can feel them.”
Every hair on Yelroan’s body stood up abruptly. The [Mathematician] licked suddenly dry lips.
“A Doombringer, Chieftain? Here? That would explain all the things that have gone so wrong, wouldn’t it?”
‘Doombringer, Doombringer, run away!’
The childhood game came back to him. Of course, he had always been…Xherw studied Yelroan carefully.
“Yes. It would explain things, and help us immensely to find one. Especially with all this uncertainty. And a Doombringer…?”
“…must die.”
It came out of Yelroan’s mouth before he even thought about it. Every Plain’s Eye Gnoll knew that. Xherw nodded.
“I need you to prove they are one before we strike. They are canny—and if they evaded Merish and all of us for so long, we must be certain. A false accusation will hurt Plain’s Eye beyond belief. So I need you to prove they are from a tribe, that they lost their tribe…with math.”
“…You mean, with records.”
Yelroan clarified after a second. Xherw blinked.
“Yes. That is in your purview, isn’t it?”
“Er…yes, Chieftain. I can certainly open drawers and read paper like the best of them.”
Xherw hesitated but then nodded.
“Whatever you must do to prove it, Yelroan. Of course, we can explain later, but there are ways to dye fur, and they have allies. But I can help you: I think I know who it is. I need you to investigate. I almost missed it, but I felt doom’s…presence.”
“It has a presence?”
The Plain’s Eye Chieftain nodded slowly, meeting Yelroan’s eyes.
“It does. I can sense it because of my class. Know this, Yelroan. I am fairly certain—but it could be—conflicting Skills or factors. So you will make certain. The feeling was strong though, but it could be something else. Even so, she tried to hide from me; she stays away from our camp, and that is also odd for her.”
“She?”
Yelroan whispered. Xherw nodded. He bent over and whispered.
“Investigate this Gnoll. Report back to me as swiftly as possible, and make sure, very sure, she is doom. Then we will kill her. Look for her tribe. Her name is Qwera. The Golden Gnoll of Izril.”
 
——
 
It was time to begin the investigation. Doombringers. Doombringers and secrets.
The Gnoll prepared as simply and thoroughly as possible. They could, after all, leave no overt traces. There were enemies who would stymie them or attack.
Satar Silverfang had only a notepad and enchanted quill. But she did don her [Shaman]’s vestments of authority; a [Shaman] could go where they wanted.
Yelroan put on his sleek, semi-reflective pants. He adjusted his sunglasses and collected a small plethora of items from the [Quartermaster], who sniffed at him, but Yelroan did have Xherw’s direct authority. Invisibility scroll, potions to mask scent, seeing artifacts…he also had a [Message] scroll and access to most Mage’s Guild records and Plain’s Eye’s own knowledge.
