Interlude – Rufel
Page 15
“You’re Lism, aren’t you? The Drake I’ve heard so much about.”
Lasica blinked. But Rufelt’s nose remembered more than his eyes. The [Shopkeeper] turned his head warily. But no one else had heard. He shrugged.
“I thought I’d see what this place my nephew talks about so much is like.”
“Really.”
Rufelt wondered what happened if the crowd found out he was here. Or—just Erin. Lism seemed not to want to find out either. He tugged the hood further over his head, which did make him rather suspicious—then again, it was crowded.
“Tomorrow I’ll be running Liscor or sitting in my shop. Either way, I’d better know the people I want to lead. And I wanted to see her.”
He stared past Rufelt and Lasica at the young woman offering cake around, smiling. Rufelt watched the Drake’s eyes. He saw Lism narrow his gaze. But there wasn’t malice. Just…Lism sighed.
“If I become a Councilmember tomorrow, I’ll do what’s right for Liscor. I always have. I just disagree with Silverfang about what that is. And part of that is letting this place be…this place.”
Neither wife nor husband replied. Lism finished his cup and pushed it back. He stood up and looked around.
“If I do become Councilmember, I’m going to tax this inn, though. Ancestors know it’s deserved. Thank you for the drink.”
He nodded to Rufelt and Lasica and walked towards the door. Lasica frowned at his back. She looked quickly at Rufelt. He was studying Lism’s back as the Drake disappeared out the front door.
“What do you think?”
The Gnoll didn’t reply for a moment. He was thinking over what the Drake had said. Adoption? Then he remembered Lasica’s question and looked at her. Rufelt looked for the blue Drake, but he was gone too.
“I think he has a child. So perhaps he’s older than Miss Krshia in a sense. She has a tribe. But he sounded like a father for a moment.”
Lasica paused, and then nodded. Without another word, the two went to find Erin. Then they headed for the door. Rufelt had his equipment and alcohols stored in his bag of holding. And as they joined a queue to Pallass, they heard a weary [Mage]’s voice from the other side.
“Anyone to return to Pallass? Last call! We are not recharging the door again! Tomorrow, access is cut off to two visitors per day! There will be no [Mages] available unless they are paid for by the [Innkeeper] or guests!”
“Looks like Erin will have to solve that herself.”
“Well, I’m sure we’ll see her soon, love. I’d bet on it.”
“Good luck finding someone willing to take that bet.”
Rufelt laughed and Lasica joined in. They stepped out of the inn and back into their city. And then they were back. The sun was higher over Pallass than Liscor, because of the lack of the High Passes. Gnolls, Drakes, Garuda, Dullahans, all walked back through the inn, and down the street. They mingled, walked past each other, a hundred thousand, millions of souls in the Walled City.
And amid them stood a Drake and Gnoll. They didn’t look particularly special among them all, certainly not the giant Dullahan who bent towards a tearful Selphid on the other side of the door, or a Garuda who flew back towards her house dead drunk and hit a roof. But the world stopped and time itself paused as they looked at each other. At least, that was how it felt.
They kissed, in a street full of people as the setting sun painted the street in shadows and orange and fading gold. The cool wind blew past them, through the City of Invention, blown from far away. New and fresh and familiar and perfect.
