Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 4
That was because stories were predictable. If you knew the story, you knew at least a bit of what came next. Hopefully it was a good story, not those old fairy tales. A modern rendition, not the original Red Riding Hood, and so on.
Luan had read Gulliver’s Travels, some version of the fable at least, as a boy. It hadn’t left the hugest impression, but it was one of those stories everyone remembered. The classic giant meets tiny people, or the reverse, the tiny people living amongst giants.
Either way, what he recalled was that, as a boy, he’d noted how none of the Lilliputians looked like him. All fair-skinned, well, like a lot of fairy tales.
Commentary on fables aside, that was Luan’s background to waking up and finding himself tied to the ground by a bunch of tiny ropes. He stared around, tried to move his neck.
“No way.”
It wasn’t a dream! Luan saw some figures draw back, call out.
“Tallfolk’s awake! Get those idiots at the entrances back! Where’s the Sentry Leader?”
He saw, sideways and upside-down, little people running about. Luan realized he was in shade; someone had set up a tent over his body! Or rather, multiple tents all joined up. He was in some kind of enclosure reminiscent of Geneva’s own surgery-tent…a temporary setup to house him in.
Someone had even hung up bunches of lavender. Why? Because he stank? Luan had been swimming for weeks in the ocean, so he could believe that.
Every part of his body hurt. He had been baked by sun, dehydrated, swimming non-stop, and to top it all off, he’d nearly drowned during the Summer Solstice and when he’d finally reached land, piranhas, crocodiles, and every manner of Baleros’ worst wildlife had tried to finish him off.
Luan was a [Rower], an athlete, but this had pushed past all his limits. He didn’t know how long he’d been asleep, but he was content to lie there for a moment, and just—be alive. Stories. He was actually living one. Now there would be something to tell his son. He had to live. Luan closed his eyes, and breathed in air.
He wasn’t one of the Drowned Folk. He had refused. He couldn’t live in the sea. He had to live, return—hopefully this would be a better story than all the ones he’d seen play out thus far.
He had hopes, despite the ropes. After all, Gulliver made it all work out, right? Luan felt something touch his shoulder—a ladder?—and then someone walked onto his chest, up, towards his face.
“Alright, Human. We’re letting you move your head. Let’s chat. Cut the ropes!”
Luan tilted his head up a bit as he felt dozens of tiny strings snap free. He craned his stiff neck up gratefully, and saw a little man standing on his chest. Pointing a crossbow loaded with a glowing bolt straight at his nose.
…They didn’t mention this in the storybook. Luan froze.
“That’s right. Let me talk, then you get to say whatever you want. My name is Sentry Leader Ekrn, Tallguard. Not that it means anything to you—I’m a Fraerling. My job is to keep my village safe, and you’re sitting right next to it, attracting all kinds of things that want to eat you. Congratulations! You found a Fraerling Village. There’s no pot of gold. We don’t grant wishes; that’s Djinni. We won’t fix your disgusting shoes—even if you had any.”
Luan wiggled his toes, remembering he’d cast his shoes off to lighten himself while swimming. Ekrn went on, grimly.
