Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 22
“I have assuredly given it all the thought, Ratici. The proximity to home, the pay, and the distinction all make me inclined to agree. But we may still scope out this work before we accept. And I would like to visit home even if we accept.”
The Gnoll nodded sagely, as did Ratici. Home. That was Invrisil; they had both been born in the north, a rarity for a Drake and Gnoll among Humans. That they were…not Human wasn’t a problem either. Their organization, the Brotherhood of Serendipitous Meetings, wasn’t discerning on petty matters like species.
A man’s conduct was more important. His sense of style—not a universal thing, just his internal sense of it, and of course, his skill was what mattered in the end.
And the Gentlemen Callers were the best of the best. The Gnoll and Drake wore hats—the floppy one helping with Ratici’s neck-spines, and the tall one and vest suiting Wilovan quite well, despite the fur. They stood out in their way.
But they could be very hard to find as well. So hard that the passing [Mage], on his way back from the outhouse, never noticed them until Ratici leaned around the support beam where they were sitting and called out.
“Ah, Typhenous. You wouldn’t happen to be runnin’ off, would you now? We’ve come an awful long way to say hi.”
The Plague Mage…froze. He turned his head slowly and saw them.
The hats. The Gnoll and Drake pulled out a chair and Typhenous hesitated. He turned his eyes towards his team, laughing and talking, oblivious in their special corner of the inn. Ratici smiled. With his teeth.
“Don’t be shy. We’re just here to have a nice chat, as it were, without the tit for the tat in this meeting at least. Take a seat. Can we buy you a drink?”
“I—I’m well set. Hello there. You must be…Ratici. And Wilovan.”
The two smiled. Wilovan touched his hat.
“You’ve heard of us?”
“Of course.”
“But were you expectin’ us?”
Ratici looked pointedly at Typhenous. The old man licked his lips.
“And why would I expect the…Gentlemen to pay me a visit?”
The Drake smiled and Wilovan sat back, eying his lasagna and wondering if he had to undo a button on his vest.
“Oh, that might depend. It’d depend whether the Plague Mage owes us a debt or not. In his mind. In our mind, a debt’s owed, Mister Plague Mage. And if it were accidental, that’d be one thing. Intentional now…that’d be a serious matter. We’re here to have a discussion, though.”
He nodded. Wilovan took over as Ratici sipped at his drink.
“Words have been spreading from fellows with hats, Mister Typhenous. Unkind words, about a fellow who did us wrong. So says our Nose, and he sniffed around and asked the right sort of questions. Questions that infer you might have all our answers.”
“I can assure you I’ve done everything in my power to help the brothers.”
Typhenous smiled, but palely. Ratici smiled too. His head turned slightly.
“Debts are debts nonetheless. But let’s talk it over civil-like. Stop whistling for your mates, by the way.”
He raised his claw. The [Thief] had a handful of little glittering things. Spells, little butterflies. Illusions, which should have been untouchable. Typhenous gulped.
Ratici was a [Thief]. Well—broadly. Just like Wilovan was a ‘[Thug]’. But the dapper Gnoll just sat back, looking…patient.
“We have no designs on making this a serious matter at the moment, Mister Typhenous. So we’d be kindly inclined if you didn’t. And as you know—even if it were an unkind debt you owe, calling it in the most final of ways isn’t our style. Repayment takes many forms.”
Ratici nodded. He glanced at the Gold-rank adventurers, but not with fear, so much as…
