Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 47
“Evil. Yes. Do you know what evil is? You do not. You, who have been in the Hives—we slay monsters. Facestealer is evil. It comes and kills us. Monsters? Monsters are bad. Hectval is evil. As evil as Facestealer. Why? Because you should not be here! Because you die! Because all of this suffering would not be if Hectval did not exist! That is what they have done!”
He struck his podium in a rage, cracking the wood slightly.
“Crusader 334! Your squads! It is all Hectval’s fault! That is why they must die! They are worse than Facestealer. That thing is a monster. They? They were born under the sky. They had lives, and they still killed her. They kill us. They have a choice. They…”
His breathing was disjointed, as if he were ill. The [Acolyte] looked up and hesitated. Faith shone in his gaze, brighter than ever before. He saw Crusader 51 gripping his sword tight. What was he saying? What was he doing? It came out of his mandibles in a flash.
“They will never go to Heaven. There is no Heaven for them. They are bound for nothing. Worse than nothing. They are…hellbound.”
Hell? The [Crusaders] looked at Theophilus, and he raised his arms.
“Hell! I have heard it spoken of! It is more than Rhir! It is where they will go. It is—”
He searched for what it surely was.
“—It is a place of suffering. It is a place where they will go when they die. The Humans have their Heaven and Hell. So do we. Ours is a place for our enemies to sink into. A watery grave. A place where they die and feel pain. They are hellbound, and you will deliver them to a place where they will be punished for every [Crusader] who falls. They are all cursed. Cursed! I mark you all for Heaven and they for Hell. Go! Send them there.”
His arms rose in a paroxysm of rage, twitching. Theophilus screamed at the Crusade—and then slowly toppled over backwards, onto his back. He did not hear or see what happened next, he just collapsed into a dead faint.
 
[Conditions Met: Acolyte → Cleric Class!]
[Cleric Level 20!]
[Skill – Weapon Proficiency: Club obtained!]
[Skill – Lighter Armor obtained!]
[Miracle – Cursed Hands obtained!]
 
It began. When Theophilus awoke, Tersk was standing over him.
“At last. I see it again. Pawn’s strange class.”
The Armored Prognugator looked down at Theophilus. He could not read the [Cleric]’s class.
[Cleric], not [Priest]. A class meant for…battle. Yet somehow, Tersk knew. He spoke, as Theophilus realized he was lying in the [Healer]’s tent.
“Your fellow [Acolytes] have advanced their class. They have fought on the front. Dekass does not understand. He will.”
Fought? On the front? Theophilus stood up and saw Jerimy.
The Worker had a flail. He also had two deep scars on his armor. And a new Skill. He was shaking with a fury, like many of the [Crusaders]. Theophilus hesitated as he saw Liscor’s regulars staring at the Antinium.
What had happened when he was out? Significant Beavers were pointing at the Antinium.
“Did you see them go into the fight this time? I thought they fought hard before—they were vicious. That little Worker with the huge sword bit someone’s face off!”
“Not the only ones. I thought they were going to chase Hectval into the Bloodfields. I’ve never seen one of the Prognugators—Dekass—have to order them to stop. Who was…she? The one who saved Satel?”
She? Theophilus looked around. He stumbled through the camp, as [Crusaders] stood about, the light of something shining in their gaze.
 
——
 
Crusader 51 was rolling a boulder half his height along, exposing a multitude of centipedes for his collection, marveling at his strength.
