Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 5
“Another reason to regret not returning—but I would make little difference. In truth, I also hoped to return home in time to visit my pets. Another time. Hammerad has also changed somewhat, Calruz. They’ve embarked on a project with sand the last six years, I believe.”
“Sand?”
“Yes, quite an amusing tale, actually. Let me think. What else is new…? Prince Khedal remains unchanged. I saw him board a Drowned Ship by himself as it dove underwater.”
Mention of one of the royal members of the House of Minos made Calruz start. The famous Prince of Minos was a warrior on-par with any Named Adventurer. He had famously taken part in the action that had led to the King of Destruction’s defeat at sea.
Of course, the King of Minos had led the charge, but Khedal was a name like the recently-deceased General Ozem, who had assailed the King of Destruction on Chandrar. Speaking of which, Venaz brought him up, too.
“I propose a toast—once you have finished your recollection of events for the day, Calruz—to General Ozem and the fallen. Then to your army’s victories. Did you happen to see the battle? I thought—”
“Strategist Venaz, what is happening?”
Calruz burst out at last, and the Strategist stopped. Calruz, the [Honorbound Prisoner], looked at Venaz and then around at the listeners and the conversation itself.
“You have a problem, Calruz?”
“This is not how I expected my judgment to go. I…expected interrogation under oath. A swift resolution. Mercy in justice, but justice.”
Venaz had been chewing on some fries, but now he stopped. He swallowed, patted his mouth with a handkerchief, and spoke to Calruz, looking into the blue eyes with his own light brown ones.
“I will be swift, Calruz. If this distresses you, we will stop. But I will not clap you in irons and interrogate you under threat of torture. I will talk to you of home and, yes, gossip with you about world events. I will not be swayed by charm nor words, but listen to how you speak. Your character is in question as much as your deeds. Should I be any other way? If your judges have no honor—how can you ever expect fair sentencing?”
To that, the Minotaur had no answer. He hung his head, faintly ashamed, and Venaz sat back, awaiting a response. Until he noticed the rest of his friends staring at him.
“What?”
“Who are you, and what have you done with Venaz?”
Merrik demanded faintly. Venaz scowled at him.
“I’m trying to be professional, Merrik. This is the highest duty I could be asked abroad. I’m relaxed around you all.”
“You’re a stubborn ass who gets angry, won’t listen to reason, and has all the tact of Peki practicing [Hammer Kicks] to my groin. Be professional more often.”
Wil and Peki nodded rapidly. Venaz looked from them to Calruz, who was resting his horned head on the lip of his cup.
“Home. I do miss it.”
That was all Calruz said. And then Ceria spoke up.
“Venaz, you have pets? Do Minotaurs have pets?”
Bezale had been hunched in her seat. Guilty didn’t really express her emotions—she had been full of righteous anger when she told Calruz to kill himself for his misdeeds. In front of Venaz’s approach? She felt ashamed, and worse still because Calruz wasn’t bringing up her actions. Impersonating the Mneiol? She hadn’t thought of herself doing that—but she had to tell Venaz later. It was the only thing to do.
However, Ceria’s question snapped her out of her funk. Venaz turned with Bezale and Calruz. All three looked vaguely insulted.
“…Of course I have pets.”
“Minotaurs have pets?”
Wil blurted out, and Venaz glowered at him.
“I’ve never mentioned…? Why wouldn’t we?”
