Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 18
Or you could kneel on them and break their jaw and teeth. Orjin stopped at the teeth and jaw. Then he got up, shook his head, and walked off.
“I think he’s dead.”
The Earthers stared at the Fury of the Skies. He wasn’t moving. He wasn’t dead, but neither was he getting up either. The cult—perhaps soon to be former cult—stared at their master. And not one of them challenged Pomle’s warriors. Not that Pomle’s warriors were interested.
“Iratze—maybe we’re in the wrong—”
The other Earthers were whispering as the last of the Pomle’s warriors lingered about the oasis, setting up their own sparring. Salii was conferring with Orjin, looking pleased, and he was looking bored as he wiped the blood from his arms and knuckles.
It was Mendi who looked at Iratze, noting his body.
“Are you with them?”
She nodded at the cult, which was retreating fast, bearing their master with them. Iratze shook his head.
“We—all of us—heard this place gives people food if they can teach something.”
“If they have something to offer. Do you? You look like a disciple, not a master.”
Mendi was a bit overconfident, or a bit tired of foreigners after today’s letdown. But she knew the rules. Iratze nodded.
“I…studied a different school than I think you know. Mixed Martial Arts. It’s called MMA. It’s similar to how you fight, but I think I can teach. A bit.”
He was a bit unnerved by how similar, actually, but he’d spotted weaknesses in even Orjin’s moves. Although he clearly hadn’t been trying hard. Mendi shrugged.
“If you think you can fight—I will let you spar me.”
She took her place in the ring as a few of Pomle’s warriors watched. Mendi was a bit too overconfident, but Iratze was not. He took a lower stance. She was going to try to let him hit her, he could tell. She didn’t even have her guard up. Which was a shame. For her.
He was better at grappling.
 
—-
 
Orjin was annoyed, and ready to go off and practice by himself. He was just telling Salii that he’d order the [Martial Artists] training at Pomle’s borders to watch for reprisals from the cult—or rather, not to kill the Hurricane Fists who might try to get revenge. That was when he heard a roar from the ring.
He spun. The other warriors of Pomle were gathered around Mendi and one of the foreigners who’d remained. She was on the ground and he had her in a perfect arm bar, legs tangled around her arm. She was trying to get out of it, but Iratze could snap her arm.
“What happened?”
Salthorn pushed forwards, jumping over the heads of the other warriors to find her apprentice on the ground. She turned and one of the others explained.
“He beat Mendi on the ground!”
One of them exclaimed. Orjin stared at Mendi. Overconfident or not, one of Salthorn’s disciples had lost while…?
Then he stared at the arm bar. Which was new. And practical. He stared at Iratze, as Mendi tapped out and rose, panting. She looked at him, and then she bowed. And Iratze was surrounded by Pomle’s own, demanding to know what that move was.
Because Pomle respected skill. Real skill. Not fake Skills. It was Orjin himself who approached Iratze.
“Where did you learn that, warrior?”
“From a long ways away. We hoped—not all of us can fight, but if some of us can at least get something to eat—”
The young man had an accent Orjin couldn’t place. The Strongest nodded.
“If you can teach us anything more like that, there is always a place for you.”
The other Humans sighed in relief. Some sagged, and Orjin saw they were well worn out.
“Thank god. We’ve been travelling for so long!”
“You must hail from far indeed.”
