Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 11
The Drake gave Erin a tired look, the kind of look anyone in a big city gave to the tourist who had to ask you a question they were too stupid not to know the obvious answer to.
“9th Floor, Miss Human. Wait. Did you say Saliss of Lights? What do you want with him? If it’s a potion you want, you’re out of luck. He doesn’t sell directly. And he’s insane. A good adventurer, but insane. Er—a credit to the city, but totally mad.”
It seemed Saliss hadn’t lost his goodwill from the battle with the Wyverns, although it was clearly a bit faded. Erin nodded, smiling.
“9th? Sorry, I thought he had a house somewhere else. And I know he doesn’t sell. But I need to find him.”
The Drake clarified himself.
“Well, all the alchemist buildings are on the 9th. He probably has a house lower. But the 9th is the place to ask.”
He paused as he stared at Erin. And then his eyes widened.
“Ancestors, it’s you! The Human with the Antinium!”
“Who, me?”
The Drake stared. Some of the other pedestrians were staring at Erin and recognizing her as well.
“I saw you! You were in the scrying orb—and that Antinium, Bird the Hunter—do you know it? And Magus Grimalkin? Wait, you have an inn—”
Erin looked around. A crowd was forming and this was not the moment for an Erin-scenario. She waved and shouted urgently.
“Hi, everyone, the door to Liscor will soon be allowing more than two people a day! Visit The Wandering Inn! We have chocolate tonight, if you can get there! Gotta run!”
She made tracks for the nearest elevator. In it, the attendant gave her the same look. Erin panted.
“9th Floor! And yes, I’m that Human. Hi. Erin Solstice. What’s your name?”
“Sikay.”
The attendant was a Garuda. Erin smiled.
“Hey. So, do you do this job all day?”
 
—-
 
Talking to people got you places. Sometimes they thought you were flirting with them when you really wanted just to chat. But that was a guy thing, in Erin’s experience. And talking to people got you directions.
Saliss’ shop on the 9th Floor was a rather large building. Erin gathered that he had a private home and even a workshop on another floor, but this was where he had most of his most expensive ingredients. A rather noxious-smelling [Alchemist] had told her that Saliss would probably be there.
The building was large, and, surprisingly, worn down. Erin stared up at it. For the best [Alchemist] in Pallass, or a Named Adventurer, she’d expected Saliss would have a fancy lab. But this looked like a dump.
An old dump. Something had blown out a window three times, in one case so hard that the brickwork had to be boarded up along with the window. The door looked cheap, and old, and the entire place stank to Erin more of what she imagined some illicit drug lab would look like.
It was even in a poorer section of the 9th, away from the high-end [Alchemists] with their fancy shops and glass windows and multicolored smoke coming out of the chimneys. Erin hesitated, but she assumed the directions were good. So she walked up and knocked.
No one replied. Erin knocked again after a beat, and then pounded on the door.
“Hello? Saliss? Anyone home?”
No reply. But Erin was sure the place was occupied. She could see some smoke coming out of the chimney. She narrowed her eyes.
And perhaps it was Relc’s puzzle-solving skills that rubbed off on Erin. Because she noticed the tiny little bell hidden around the side of the large doorway. Literally, to the side—she had to walk off the steps to see it. Erin eyed the little silver bell and gingerly rang it.
“I’m not interested!”
