Interlude – Two Rats
Page 2
Moore and Mrsha realized he was still standing in the door to the inn. Embarrassed, Moore shuffled to one side and a Drake walked past him, sighing. Moore flushed and carefully motioned Mrsha to walk back inside. She stared with narrowed eyes at the Drake and then sighed. Silently.
She followed Moore back towards his table which she’d been napping on. And as she did, she navigated around a pair of Dullahans standing and discussing politics, a Garuda (not Bevussa), heading for the outhouses, tables full of guests, Ishkr making the rounds with a platter full of drinks, and a spilled puddle of ale.
The inn was still full. And since it was her inn, or rather, she thought of it as her inn, her place, Mrsha was a bit aggrieved by it all. It had been fun the last few days, but now it was almost claustrophobic.
Guests from Liscor and Pallass circulated the tables, talking, chatting, watching a play in the background—all while the staff tended to them, exchanging alcohol and food for money. Which was all very well and good, but it got in Mrsha’s way. And the noise had been really hard to get to sleep in. Mrsha had had to come up with her own solution to that. Which was…
“Now what’s this?”
Moore exclaimed on reaching the table. He stared at a patch of magical grass, blooming from the wood. Mrsha leapt up, put her head back in the soft grass, and felt some of the ambient noise die out. She’d conjured it herself. With her magic. Because yes, Mrsha was a [Mage]. Or [Druid], rather. She was magical.
“Well, that’s something. But Mrsha, you shouldn’t do that to Erin’s tables.”
The half-Giant gently scolded Mrsha. She exhaled through her nose dismissively. It was just magical grass! It would disappear soon. And it was soft and made a nice pillow. She looked up at Moore and the half-Giant couldn’t find it in his heart to lecture her. He sat down in one of the extra-large chairs Erin had bought just for people like him (and Maughin), and sighed.
“Ah. I’m getting a bit spoiled, staying here. Not that I mind, you understand? I think we deserve it after the dungeon and it’s hardly expensive staying here! But Seborn wants to get on the road and Jelaqua’s um, involved with Maughin. But it will be hard going back to the road, or sleeping in a barn after this.”
He sighed, and Mrsha looked up at him sadly. She didn’t want him to go. He’d left once and that had been dreadfully sad. The half-Giant avoided her gaze.
“I have to, Mrsha. In time. Not today of course. And I promise I’ll be back. Now er, what had you so excited?”
He looked at her. Mrsha looked up, now excited. That was right! Her new spell and her level! She had to tell Moore. Only—she paused. This would be tricky.
This was what Mrsha did. She waved for Moore’s attention, then solemnly put her paw on her chest. Then she raised one paw while the other pointed a furry finger at her head. And she pointed with two paws to the side—one flat, the other sideways as if gesturing to something—and ended it with one finger, moving in a circle from the bottom to top and ending with a flick. Moore stared at her blankly.
The entire message was: I-level-because-spell. Each series of gestures had their meaning, and Mrsha had worked very hard to make her own words! Unfortunately…Moore hadn’t been around when she’d labored over them with Erin and Lyonette gently helping and encouraging. His forehead wrinkled.
“I…something…something…something? I’m sorry, Mrsha. Can you explain to me?”
