Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 8
“We can cast about for local ships. I’ve a Skill—[Ship’s Beacon]. Most [Captains] have some method, even if it’s a [Message] scroll. By your leave, Lord Kallinad. We’ll know if any ship is willing to trade us within the day. If there are any in these waters, they will; they know a Sailor’s Ration. Won’t take more than a bit.”
And sure enough—the [Captain] fired what looked like a glowing, green flare of light from the prow of his ship. And Wil saw an answering flare within five minutes, far distant. The [Captain] turned his ship. And that was that.
“We’re meeting a foreign ship in the waters with a relic-class treasure just to get rum?”
Feshi looked horrified as the crew loitered on the decks. Most of them—including Merrik and Yerranola—gave her incredulous looks.
“Of course. We can’t do without rum!”
“Or whiskey. I’d sooner cut off my leg. At least that grows back. We ran out last night. You lot were lucky you had some left! I’d have come calling if I knew you still had some!”
Inky hung over the railing, looking miserable. Like any true alcoholic—she was already looking antsy. Wil glanced at her.
“But it can’t be that bad, Inky. If you had to go without drink for a week—”
“I’d kill you and eat your liver, Lord Kallinad. You think your lot drinks? That’s cute.”
The [Storm Sailor] didn’t bat an eyelid. Venaz folded his arms.
“I’ve seen you [Sailors] drink, Inky. I’d say the Titan’s students can keep up with you.”
The part-Octopus woman laughed. So did the other [Sailors]. Inky shook her head at the Minotaur.
“Sea Cow, you think that’s all there is to it? We might not be able to outdrink Minotaurs, but—we have a stiff glass of whiskey for breakfast. We’re always drunk. You’ve never talked to me when I’m not partly sloshed.”
“Dead gods.”
Even Yerranola looked impressed. Inky stared into the sea.
“Hard enough keeping sky watch, sea watch, and undersea watch while you’re sober.”
“So all that stuff you told me about enjoying the sea…?”
Wil raised one eyebrow. Inky glanced at him.
“Obviously I was tellin’ the truth, Lord Kallinad. But the drink makes it better. Think you’d get [Sailors] willing to stare at the sea for hours sober?”
And that was that. The Emerald Signet cut through the waters. And soon enough, Wil saw a distant ship.
“Ship sighted! I’m readin’ The Gold of Paxil, Captain!”
“That’s a Balerosian ship. [Merchant] name. Seems true enough. Take us closer. And raise the flags!”
Captain Lasc ordered. Wil saw the other ship doing the same. It was indeed a merchant’s ship. A galleon, same as The Emerald Signet.
Nevertheless, the crew was leery of the other ship. They’d thrown a tarp over the treasure chest, and they stood at the railing, calling out to the other ship.
It was crewed, Wil saw, by Lizardfolk. And the [Captain] was a Naga.
“Hail to you, Storm Captain! What seems to be the problem? Or are you here for trade?”
A bestrewn Naga, covered in wealth from bangles to rich clothing as they so liked to do was at the helm. He was a [Merchant Captain] and smiled as the Lizardfolk called greetings. Captain Lasc shouted back.
“Trade is our goal, sir! Do you have spare drink? We’ve spent our Sailor’s Ration and my crew is in dire straits!”
“Why of course! For a small fee, we can share our drink! Come aboard! I’ll swear on truth spell that we mean only to trade in peace! And we’ve other goods—we’re bound for Wistram! More than enough alcohol to go around!”
“That’s a relief. Those [Mages] won’t miss a few dozen kegs.”
Merrik murmured to Peki. The Garuda snorted.
“They drink a lot.”
