Interlude – Rufel
Page 13
He was busy, of course. It was evening, and passing later with each minute. The elections were coming to a close. In the streets of Liscor, the City Watch guarded boxes where the votes were stored. Voters answered under truth spell before voting and their votes went to each district and the candidates running in each area. Of course, each area had at least two candidates running—sometimes three or four. But the hottest debate was over a simple split.
Lism and Krshia. And accordingly, almost all Drake and almost all Gnoll candidates on each side. Who would win? Who would lose? Surely there would be riots in either case. Or perhaps not.
The mood of the guests flooding into The Wandering Inn was actually fairly calm. No—not calm, but not shouting or rowdy in most cases. It surprised Erin, but not Rufelt. He just watched. And listened.
The guests came in, from the city. They had participated; it seemed everyone in the city had voted. Krshia, Lism, whether they’d voted for them or another candidate in another district, it didn’t matter. They were all coming here.
Hot rivalry, fierce debate—it was giving rise to another emotion. Uncertainty. It was done. They’d voted, and tomorrow Liscor would be a different place. So it was no wonder the inn—every inn and bar and tavern in the city—was filling. And it was important that Rufelt was there. Because such people needed drinks. They needed to be able to talk.
And more than that. There needed to be someone who could wield alcohol with authority. In Erin’s case she was the [Innkeeper], but Rufelt’s touch was more experienced. Subtler.
A crimson Drake was already drinking with her father when a squad of Drakes and Gnolls entered the inn. The Drake [Captain] marched right up to her and saluted, ignoring Relc.
“Wing Commander! Reporting!”
“Captain Vell. You’re not on duty.”
Wing Commander Embria’s voice was lost as Rufelt passed out drinks. But he was keeping an eye on the squad. They were making no attempt to be quiet—not that the inn was soundless. But they had an edge that he could feel on his fur. They were staring at all the Antinium in the inn. And then the female [Captain] marched up to the bar. She slapped silver onto the bar and loudly announced to the room.
“A round for the 4th Company of Pallass! And the right candidate winning this election!”
There could be no doubt who that was. The cautious talk instantly grew polarized, as if the [Captain] was a magnet. And she was, in a way. Rufelt could feel it, and the [Bartender] growled. But all he did was smile.
“And what will it be, [Captain]?”
“A proper Drake’s drink of course! Firebreath Whiskey!”
Rufelt rolled his eyes mentally. He looked at Captain Vell and made a quick calculation. The way you handled this—well, you could do multiple things depending on how bad the fire was. Sometimes you let it rage, or you snuffed it, or fought it yourself—or let someone else do it. If the fire was bad enough, you didn’t even bother with that, but grabbed the money, the most expensive bottles and plotted your exit, preferably through the back door. Or you could drown it.
The [Captain] and her squad blinked as Rufelt casually plonked the bottle of black liquid on the table and poured a foaming shot. He smiled at her.
“Of course, Captain. But could I tempt you with a new drink? On the house. I wanted to get the opinion of some strong drinkers.”
“What the hell’s that?”
Vell reached for the shot glass without hesitation. But Rufelt’s next words stopped her claw midway towards her mouth.
