Interlude – Conversations
Page 22
-You had to be Level 20 or higher in any class. Any class, but you could not sign up without that.
-Death was not guaranteed.
-Run if you see a crab.
 
The rules, the style, and the challenge meant that no end of people came to test themselves and prove they could do it.
All of it meant that Menolit was a successful businessdrake. He was pulled back from the Human who’d asked, angry. Montressa saw his expression, as he adjusted his gear and pointed the group forwards; they were hunting Razorbeaks. She lingered a second, then recalled.
“On no. Bezale! Bez—”
She ran forwards just in time to see the door close. She’d let her friend down.
Again.
 
——
 
Bezale walked through Invrisil. Stormed, rather. She knew Montressa was suffering. Even so…
The Minotauress hadn’t been able to step out of line. Montressa had been lost in her own world, and so Bezale went to her first appointment alone. Which, to be fair, was what their clients expected.
Today, her first call was actually on behalf of Wistram so it might be as well that Montressa had missed it. Small silver linings. And it was an irony, because Bezale was trying to talk the [Mayor] into allocating land, even buying into this.
“…I understand that Lady Reinhart’s approval is not needed. I have led this city for quite some time, Mage Bezale. It’s just that I don’t see the point.”
The Minotauress smiled as politely as she could.
“But the Adventure Rooms will be a huge draw, sir. If you would like to put coin into it—we just need a single warehouse’s space.”
“Guaranteed housing. Wistram—I have a lot of respect for Wistram, you know—but I’ve been speaking to…no, I should say it’s just that Wistram wants guaranteed housing. From the city. Why don’t they just buy it? It’s preferential treatment.”
The [Mayor] was friendly, intelligent, and Bezale was working uphill because he was right.
“Wistram has customarily made such requests, for the fine services it provides.”
She reminded him. The [Mayor] smiled politely.
“Yes, but…must they? And the city to help cover the costs in exchange for a small amount of the profits? I don’t really think it’s germane to negotiate over something as small as this—even if it becomes a success.”
“Ah, then—”
“…Can’t Wistram cover the costs themselves?”
Bezale stopped. It was interesting. You had Liscor to thank for all these innovations. But she could not help but suspect the [Mayor] had been talking to a certain Drake.
Named Lism. And his bearishness on giving Wistram exclusive rights to setting up their Adventure Room project was due to this.
Bezale had heard it was a problem across other big cities where the initiative—backed by Ullsinoi, of all factions—was rolling out. Wistram’s reputation had…suffered…of late.
Most of all here. The [Mayor] regarded the plans for a way to have the greatest adventures in total safety.
“It’s a wonderful idea. Magical—I do think the cost is a bit too high. But I think it could work.”
“Then…?”
He gave her an apologetic smile.
“It’s just, Mage Bezale, forgive me for saying so, but it sounds like Pallass Hunting. A delightful experience, but you know, Liscor Hunted is already offering its services. And I’ve gone through one trip and I must say, nothing gets the heart pounding like that.”
 
——
 
An entire hour, wasted. Bezale did her best, and simply sent off a [Message] to Wistram. If you wanted space and to build the thing, pay for it yourself. At least Ullsinoi would remember she’d tried.
“Next…bicycles. We have to ramp up production. Pelt can do it. But Hedault?”
