Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 21
Delivan was reassuring the others as he peered from the bow, using the few ship-spells Lasc had available to him through his bond as [First Mate]. Wil saw the other ships slowing a bit, even as they used their own wind spells to fill their sails. They were indeed slower; they were heavier in the water, built for withstanding pressure in the depths as well as above the sea!
But something made Wil loathe to celebrate. He turned his head. And his mind recalled a pertinent detail. Just in time too.
“Captain! Ships from dead ahead! They’re flying [Pirate] flags!”
“Ah.”
The [Strategists] looked up. None of them looked surprised. On the other hand, the sailors whirled, looking alarmed. Captain Lasc stared ahead.
“Those flags. Those are the Bloodtear Pirates.”
Inky went dead white. Feshi poked her head up as she aimed a bow at the ships to the rear.
“Any relation to the Bloodfeast Raiders? It’s a very common name, yes?”
“Maybe because both groups slaughter anyone they catch!”
Delivan shouted. Feshi paled. Wil saw Captain Lasc turn his head desperately, but it was the sea. There wasn’t much room to maneuver.
And—if the Drowned Ships were slower, the Bloodtear Pirates were not. Their sails were filled with magical wind and they were as fast as The Emerald Signet. Maybe…faster?
Wil saw the [Storm Captain] turn his head again, and then caught his eye.
“Lord Kallinad! Anything you and your friends can do would be appreciated!”
“Me?”
Wil started. And then he realized—the [Captain] was asking him for help. Inky, Delivan—the [Storm Sailors] were outmatched.
Yet, Wil knew nothing of the ocean. On the other hand…he narrowed his eyes as he saw the approaching Bloodtear Pirates. The pursuing Drowned Ships. And he realized.
This was his forte. A battle. It didn’t matter where or when. He knew little of the majesty of the sea. But war? He glanced at his fellow classmates. This was all they did. Wil took a breath as his mind began to race.
“Venaz, are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Absolutely not. But I’ll listen to your idea and decide which one’s best.”
The Minotaur grinned. Yerranola looked up.
“You two have ideas too?”
“Almost like a time quiz, but the deadline is death. Eh, Peki?”
Merrik was calculating something on his fingers. Feshi nodded. The students broke into a huddle as the [Sailors] stared. Inky looked at Delivan.
“They’re mad.”
“Landlubbers.”
The [First Mate] agreed.
 
—-
 
Action, Drama, Reaction, and More Action.
 
The Bloodtear Pirates stormed through the seas towards The Emerald Signet and the pursuing Drowned Ships. They flew the colors of [Pirates]. And they issued no [Messages], shouted nothing.
They had only one desire when they hunted. They were quite genial other times. But on the chase? Never.
They saw the pursuit and closed on The Emerald Signet at all speed. Three ships. Captain Therrium hesitated when he saw them, but he bore on, cursing. It was a race to the treasure, nothing else.
The Bloodtear Pirates were readying attack spells when they saw something move from the first ship. A Garuda flew off The Emerald Signet. She raced ahead of the boat, screaming.
“Help, help! We’ve been attacked by Drowned Folk!”
She didn’t seem to notice the [Pirate] flags. The Bloodtear Pirates exchanged glances. The lead [Captain] saw the colorful Garuda flying at them. Definitely a landlubber.
“Heave to!”
He bellowed. The [Pirates] aimed at the Garuda. She landed on the deck, crying, in front of the [Captain.]
“But they’re trying to kill us! They stole the treasure! But they want to kill us all!”
“They did?”
