Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 4
The Gold-rank adventurers knew she meant something else, but Revi had to take her shot.
“Congratulations. So can anyone with a flint and tinder. Sure, set us up.”
“Over here!”
Erin led them to a table and was seating them, chattering and trying to explain the memory flames Skill she had—not to mention the Garden—when Briganda exclaimed and stormed over.
“Halrac, you pissant!”
She kicked at him. The [Scout] growled as he had to half-leap out of his chair. Briganda’s face was red.
“Why didn’t you tell me about Mrsha before I made an idiot of myself?”
She pointed at Lyonette, who had cleared things up and was investigating the door. Revi chortled but stopped as Briganda raised a fist. Halrac folded his arms.
“If you’d listen before you spoke, Briganda—”
“Argh! I did! Dead gods. And we’re in Liscor? Can we get back? I left Cade in the inn. He’s fine I’m sure, but…”
Briganda glanced anxiously back at the door. Erin hurried to reassure her.
“The door’ll be recharged soon! It just ran out because we had…”
She counted. Nearly twenty people had come through before it had failed. That was a lot better! Like Wailant had claimed, the ambient mana gave the door more teleportations and it would hopefully power back on soon.
“Thank goodness.”
Briganda sighed. And then Erin heard a shout from the side. She turned in time to see Temile charging the other Players of Celum.
“Wesle! Jasi!”
The [Producer] threw his arms around his friends. Wesle was laughing as he pounded Temile on the back and Jasi gave him a hug.
“Temile! We missed you!”
“Liar! Did you even remember me? Wesle—dead gods, are you taller? Kilkran too!”
The [Blacksmith] turned [Actor] with the voice like deep honey was beaming. The other Players crowded around Temile, whom they’d left behind in Celum, laughing and trying to talk at once.
“Yimur and Pralcem too! And where’s that damned [Writer], Andel? His first good play and he writes it only after you get to Invrisil? What have we been paying him for?”
Temile shouted, looking around. A short part-Dwarf woman pushed her way through the others, literally lifting Andel out of the way. She raised a fist and shouted up at Temile.
“And me too! Where’s my [Actors], Temile? You promised me—”
And there they were. The original cast of the Players of Celum turned and saw over two dozen Gnolls, Drakes—even a Garuda staring at them. And they were just the [Actors]!
“Dead gods.”
Wesle breathed. Jasi’s eyes went round at the sight of so many Drakes—an oddity to a Drake girl raised in Celum. Temile beamed.
“May I present to the Players of Celum—the Players of Liscor! That’s what we’ve decided to go as, to avoid confusion. But our [Lead Actors] are over Level 15 already and everyone else is leveling fast! And behind you—”
“The stage. Oh, the stage!”
Jasi sighed. It wasn’t the very first stage she and Wesle had performed in—that had been in The Frenzied Hare, back in Celum. But this one was iconic. And the other, newer [Actors] were staring at the originals.
Perhaps they could even feel the disparity in levels. Because Wesle and Jasi and Kilkran, Yimur, and Pralcem and some of the others shone. But Wesle and Jasi most of all. And—in the silence, Wesle swept a bow.
His voice took on that echoing quality, even though he was speaking normally.
“It’s a pleasure indeed to meet the Players of Liscor! We salute you, fellow [Actors]!”
