Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 7
But there was a way to make money off them. Lots of money. The kind of money that bought the healing potions now being dragged into the underground chamber. And in the middle of the chamber, outlined in an area of smoothed stone covered by a tarp…was a ring.
Orjin stared at the ropes. They were set up—it wasn’t a cage since buying fencing wasn’t high on Salii’s list of priorities. But neither was this a boxing ring; it was a larger space, contained, and empty—
A fighting arena. Like the gladiatorial pit, the Antinium’s exhibition area, fencing grounds, the ring of bodies like where the King of Destruction and King of Duels had fought—a timeless spot.
The Strongest of Pomle saw a Stitchwoman in the contained area. She was waiting, stretching, as one of Xil’s apprentices who had ‘graduated’ or perhaps gotten sick of the instruction, waited on the other side.
He was a Garuda, like his master; and he was carrying a staff. It was as long as a spear, only lacking the cutting edge. Now, the [Spear Warrior] faced off against the [Martial Artist] who went barehanded.
And right there was a departure from anything that would have been allowed in Iratze’s world. Also—there was a heavy weight advantage.
On the Stitchwoman’s side. She was of the Hemp caste, and tough. The Garuda had light bones and a slimmer body. But he had the staff.
Raul was announcing. The young man was reading out the two’s levels—well, the Stitchwoman’s, as the Garuda had declined to give it, classes, and odds of the match.
“On one hand we have a [Spear Warrior], Ureca, versus a Level 23 [Martial Artist], Octilla Hemp. The odds are set at…let’s see…2.3 to 1 on Ureca’s victory as he will be using a spear. Bets end in the next minute when the match begins and open up with each round—”
He was speaking into a scrying mirror. And another was trained on the match. Orjin’s eyes narrowed. He knew those devices.
“Wistram?”
“Nope.”
Salii was investigating a second ring, this one clearly in the process of being built. The conceit in this one was a series of obstacles—including a central pillar that combatants would be able to use. As the two fighters began to move forwards and Raul began the countdown for the betting to end on the sides of the invisible watchers—she explained fully.
“I considered Wistram. But honestly, I don’t like negotiating with the academy. They like controlling everything. So I went to Nerrhavia and Khelt. Wistram isn’t the only group that can set up a scrying network if they work at it. There’s a lot to work on; betting’s simple and this is a private system. You have to be invited to watch. We have about three hundred different viewers so far.”
She said that like it was a small number. Orjin watched the two step forwards, then instantly move back. The fight began, but he was more interested in the entire conceit here.
“Three hundred? And who watches?”
“Anyone who likes betting, sparring matches—there were a lot of people who liked seeing the games at Daquin, Orjin. I saw the opportunity after talking with the newcomers. Iratze and the others? They have…interesting ideas. The point is that it’s already made money. We take a fraction of all bets. It goes to the fighters; both of them will earn money just for participating. The winner earns a lot more, obviously.”
“How much?”
“Well, it depends, but the pot for this fight on the fighter’s side is…fifty nine gold coins and sixteen silver. Two copper. Loser gets six gold coins. But both sides get healed afterwards. Hence the healing potions.”
That was a lot of money. Orjin did not understand. Salii looked up.
