Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 3
The drive to improve would see Orjin level further. Push himself harder. That was the basis of Pomle’s strength. They trained, with a dedication matched by few peoples across the world.
A [Soldier] trained until they were fit enough to fight. [Mages] studied, [Knights] honed their skills, but few classes were as dedicated to perfecting their abilities as [Martial Artists]. And it showed when the classes collided, sometimes regardless of levels.
Pomle was a haven for this rare type of person, one of a few places where you could find this kind of community. Orjin, as the Strongest of Pomle, ‘ruled’ it. But his job was mainly to break up conflicts, protect Pomle now and then—that was most of what the Strongest of Pomle did. Pomle’s training warriors had been content with that.
Right up until today. Orjin paused in his training, which was constructing a little rockslide trap when a group of warriors approached. The rocks would roll over the edge of the cliff there—and he’d have to leap on the moving rocks and use the uneven footing to get himself up into the air. Practice for, say, fighting on loose terrain, or in the air during a heated fight.
“Strongest of Pomle. There is a problem!”
One of the [Martial Artists] spoke up. Orjin turned and saw a Centaur. He was one of a group of nearly fifty warriors from across the oasis. Orjin sighed.
“What is it?”
“We have come to ask you to deal with a problem.”
Of course. And if all of them had come representing more, then it was serious. Orjin wondered if this was something that would take words or violence. But he was Strongest so he nodded.
“What is it?”
The Centaur frowned. He was brash, talented, but brash. He had challenged Orjin once, trusting that his enhanced hooves would mean his kicks would beat the Human down. Orjin had broken his hoof by accident.
“Salii. Strongest, you must stop Salii.”
“What has she done this time?”
The Centaur pawed at the ground and looked towards the collection of homes near the oasis. The other warriors of Pomle muttered angrily. The Centaur pointed, furious.
“She is—she is making us money.”
 
—-
 
The other notable leader of Pomle was Salii. The [Secretary], a Drake woman who had appeared in Pomle one day, found Orjin, and begun acting as his…secretary. No one had stopped her. But she was a curiosity.
She was also high-level. Orjin knew that; he had once seen Salii block a wind-slash with her clipboard. And she had a number of powerful Skills. Including the ability to copy any object of a secretarial nature once per day. That was how she made more paper, sometimes ink.
The Drake had a clipboard, as always. And it wasn’t hard to find her. Orjin walked towards the oasis, the only body of water in Pomle from which everyone drank. He normally didn’t come here because of the crowds.
Refugees from Tiqr, visitors—there was now a community set up at a decent pace from the oasis. There were houses, even agriculture. Orjin stared at a budding vineyard, some sheep with golden fur that crackled with static electricity—and the houses.
Houses. Pomle’s warriors sometimes made places to sleep that wouldn’t be hit by sandstorms or were comfy, but they didn’t make houses. But here was something new.
Pomle’s warriors had endured Salii. And the refugees displaced by the war. They had grumbled, but some had even helped feed the desperate people. Others just ignored the groups, only coming here to drink. But Salii had apparently done something that had infuriated Pomle’s warriors.
“Salii.”
