Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 13
“I—I’d almost forgotten I used to send her letters every week. I stopped when my brother and father told me it wasn’t good etiquette. She missed them?”
Another moment of awe, superstition around Lady Magnolia Reinhart’s reputation. Erin had had enough of her.
“I’m going to go upstairs and play chess. No one had better bother me!”
She growled and stomped off. Her mood was darker still and she couldn’t shake it off. Damn Magnolia Reinhart and her stupid laws.
On Invrisil’s side, Veeid was relieved about the rule. He waved at Lyonette as he spooned ice cream out of the bowl.
“Lady Reinhart has it, Miss Lyon. We’ll also be safe of people sneaking through—unless they’ve the Skills or level to defeat Lady Reinhart’s Skill! Hm, shall I let people come through now? And may I purchase this delightful ice cream?”
Lyonette smiled.
“Certainly. We’ll talk pricing later. But The Wandering Inn is open for anyone who’d like to come through—or visit Liscor! Line up and once Master Veeid accepts your coin, we’ll send you through. One moment!”
She closed the door and began to announce to Pallass the new fee—not that Magnolia’s Skill worked on Pallass’ side. Lyonette just thought it was a good idea to establish standards.
And that was that. A few patrons promptly went to Veeid, but most were content on this side—for the time being. After all, the Players had left so Erin’s inn really only had the food going for it, and that was flowing through the door. The new travel-fee was sensible, mildly obtrusive, didn’t gate the door’s usage too much…
“Oh no.”
—But really put a sour note in Maviola’s mouth. She felt at her belt pouch. And then she began to curse Lady Bethal and her charming husband with every word she knew. And unlike Erin—she knew a lot of them.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn was beginning to gather a crowd. It hadn’t been much more than early evening when Magnolia had launched her sneak attack, so now the dinner crowd and people wanting to be in the inn where the drama had happened were flooding in.
Mrsha was over the moon. She was leaping from Griffon Hunt’s table to the Horn’s, playing with her old friends! And here came the Halfseekers, who hadn’t had to pay any silver!
“Halrac! We got to Invrisil at last! Come here you idiots!”
Jelaqua charged the table and Halrac kicked her away. He’d had enough of hugging. But then Moore and Seborn and that new Ulinde were coming through! Mrsha beamed.
But they were so busy talking they had no time for her! Moore patted her head a few times, but everyone was caught up reminiscing. And Mrsha was bored.
So she took to the street, which was actually the inn’s floor. And went hunting, or rather, begging for scraps.
“Aw, what a cute Gnoll!”
A Human exclaimed. Rose offered Mrsha some fries. Mrsha stole the plate. She ran away as the Earthers laughed and just ordered another. Mrsha wasn’t really that hungry, but the victory of snatching food was the rush she craved.
She was dashing towards the door to Invrisil, wondering if she could intercept some ice cream on the way out—although Ishkr was a tricky opponent, who’d promptly call Lyonette for any trouble—when a boy appeared in the crowd.
He was short—thirteen or so—but taller than Mrsha. Just by a bit if she stood up! And he looked tough, agile on his feet. He blinked as Mrsha appeared and she blinked at him.
She…knew him. Grev? Grev, yes! From the Players of Celum. Only, he hadn’t gone with the [Actors] to the play.
“Hey! You’re that Mrsha kid! Fancy that! We meet again!”
