Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 27
Chieftain Orelighn looked like he was going to have a heart-attack as everyone turned to stare at him. This was it. Today, that long secret would be unveiled to the tribes of Izril. Neither Rose nor Inkar were here yet, but Krshia had borrowed something.
Inkar’s upgraded smartphone. Also, Rose’s laptop. Orelighn had samples of the plane wreck, and what they had was the authority to tell this story without it being questioned. After Ferkr…
Ferkr was one of the Gnolls in attendance. The Gnoll was very nervous as she sat by Chieftain Torishi and the Chieftain of the Wild Wastes tribe, Perale, but she had been accorded a place here for her bravery and role.
A rare honor. Theikha looked at Akrisa. Then she paused and sniffed the air. Her expression darkened.
“But first…I think the second issue is more pressing. It will be quick, Chieftains. But as Chaldion of Pallass hinted—there are dark tidings from our past. Enemies we thought long dead. We have not spoken of them or deliberated the matter. What is there to deliberate, save that our enemies live? That is up to you. Before we discuss the last gift—Chieftain Reizet? Bring in the…Raskghar.”
Raskghar. A sudden chill ran down Krshia’s spine. She knew what she would see. The other Chieftains? A low growl swept through the room, tinged with uncertainty.
They had only seen them once, from afar, before they were spirited away. Krshia had seen them up close multiple times, so she knew what to expect.
But even so, seeing the…monster as it was moved into the center of the Meeting of Chieftains, behind steel bars—and shackled beyond that—was enough to send Gnolls to their feet, or drawing their weapons.
It was instinctual. Not just because the huge beast-person was bigger than any normal Gnoll, hugely muscled, with bigger fangs, a hunched body, and ripping talon claws—a match for any Level 20 [Warrior] already, more than a match—there was something else.
The Raskghar was instinctually, instantly, recognizable. Everything in Krshia screamed one word.
Enemy. Or was it…
Predator? She felt a fear that went to the root of childhood fears about the dark, the unease of the unknown. There it sat, in front of them. The font of all stories. Raskghar.
“Kill it.”
 
——
 
The first Gnoll to stand was another Chieftain. This one had a throwing axe. Chieftain Mrell, his hand on his own Demas Metal blade, saw her rise and throw the hatchet down towards the Raskghar.
It was chained. Mrell saw it in a flash. A chained Raskghar—then someone leapt from their seat. The Az’muzarre guards were a hair too slow, but this Chieftain was not.
Chieftain Iraz Steelfur didn’t try to catch the spinning hatchet. He just threw himself forwards, raised an arm, and blocked it. The enchanted axe struck his arm and he grunted, but it only cut his steel body. He tore it out, checked the light wound, and bellowed up.
“Have you lost your minds? That is a prisoner!”
The Chieftain was dragged down before she could cast another hatchet. Shaman Theikha restored order.
“The next Gnoll who casts a weapon will be exiled from this place until the Meeting of Tribes ends. The Raskghar is chained and caged. We must speak to it.”
“Can it even speak?”
Chieftain Xherw spoke next, and Mrell was amazed at how composed he was. The Plain’s Eye Chieftain looked down at the Raskghar as Shaman Ulcre leaned forwards.
Neither one flinched away from the Raskghar. What amazed Mrell more was, even when the axe was thrown, even under the stares of so many Gnolls…
