Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 5
Vors had to admit, he’d heard that Lizardfolk might eat bugs—from some rumor, but Tusxe and he being put into the ‘scaled people eat bugs’ category was offensive enough. Solvet raised his hands, trying to apologize.
“I’m sorry! I just assumed—I wouldn’t have dreamed Rhir would have an infested bowl of foodstuffs! And there are bug-eaters in Terandria. Half-Elves, you know.”
“Half-Elves? Really?”
The Drake was agog, and actually had to stop again. Solvet nodded. Tusxe was just as surprised.
“Really? But you think of half-Elves as these…mystical…heirs to magic! Descendants of Elves! Fabulous cities of craft and marble and such!”
“In forests, you mean? Is that your image of half-Elves?”
The Drake and Lamia nodded. Solvet sighed.
“Well, they tend to be connected with the forests. Deeply. City-dwelling half-Elves are one thing, but I have seen them lick moss off boulders in the villages.”
“That’s…”
Vors couldn’t suppress the cough of amusement. Tusxe grinned. It was right then when he heard a curious sound.
Something was in the hallway. He turned, hearing the slight sound. Solvet glanced up; for all the [Lord] seemed oblivious, he’d heard it too, instead of Tusxe, who was asking about worms.
“What’s that?”
The three went to the door. Now, they all had a feeling something was up, so Vors relaxed the blade at his side. He saw Tusxe check her staff. Solvet? He had a belt knife and glanced at it, dismayed.
“You don’t suppose there is a crisis, do you? I ah, may have been eavesdropping—I’m without weapons.”
“You don’t have—what did you think you were coming here for, a dance?”
The Lamia cast scornful eyes at him. The man huffed a little; he had a slight wavy mustache, Vors realized. The Drake stared at it, having never seen that kind of facial hair around the mostly Gnoll and Drake peoples.
“I apologize, Commander Tusxe, but I use a longbow in battle. It’s considered slightly indecorous to walk around with a six-and-a-half foot bow when greeting dignitaries.”
“Really? You use a bow?”
“I do come from Avel.”
The Drake and Lamia had another blank look for the man. The [Lord] was dismayed.
“Avel? The Kingdom of Bows? Renowned for their archers?”
“Never heard of it. Hold on—I’m sensing something outside.”
Vors sent a spell. He saw Tusxe twist her claws and did the same thing. Both frowned—then glanced outside.
“That can’t be right. Is that a…”
Something went oink outside the door. All three leaders recoiled, then peered outside and found…a pig.
It was a small pig roaming the corridor! Well, ‘small’ for a pig, as Vors had seen some gigantic ones. It was probably four feet long, low to the ground, and had the oddest skin and coloration he’d ever seen.
Some of the pig was a rosy pink, even trending towards white on the underbelly—no dirt at all. The rest? It had some kind of…goldish…armor on it. Like scales or plate!
“What the hell is that?”
Tusxe pointed at the pig. Solvet’s eyes nearly popped out of his head.
“My goodness! Is that a Goldflake Pig? What’s it doing here? And…just running about?”
“A what?”
Vors looked about the corridor, but he saw no one, nor where the pig had come from. Solvet explained as the pig sat on its haunches and looked up at the bemused three.
“It’s a rare breed of pig. It eats minerals of all kind. Well, the name gives away what it does. Goldflake. Nicknamed the Goldfake Pig.”
“Because that isn’t real? Does that hurt? Hey, hold still, you. Is anyone checking if it has an explosive spell embedded in it? Hostile artifact?”
Vors snatched his claw away from poking at the gold ‘scales’ growing out of the pig.
