Interlude – Rufel
Page 3
Pisces did. At first, the strong drink had him frowning, ready to critique, but as the swirling motes of green liquid mixed into his sip, his expression became approving. He lowered the glass.
“A magical draught?”
Rufelt nodded.
“It’s meant to give you energy. I worked with Xif to use the basis of a stamina potion and added some pick-me-up elements. This is a variant of that recipe for [Mages].”
“So I note. Hm.”
Pisces flicked his fingers and a shower of multicolored sparks landed and bounced off the bar counter. Rufelt sighed. [Mages]. They loved to damage the woodwork. But Pisces was nodding and Selys, clearly impressed, leaned forwards.
“Let me have a sip, Pisces. I’ll have what you recommend too, Mister Rufelt!”
She took the glass and sipped, ignoring Pisces’ objections. She didn’t like Pisces’ drink as much as Rufelt, but he could have told her that. Her drink had more sweet, and the pale pink color was mostly clear, but he’d mixed in a few colorless drops that Pisces noted.
Selys didn’t, and when she took her drink and sipped it, she was at first pleased, and then very pleased. She sat back, laughing in delight, beaming.
“Whoo! That feels nice! As good as—but what did you put in this?”
She caught herself, sipping greedily. Pisces reached for the drink and Selys slapped his hand away. She only gave him a sip after two more gulps. Rufelt waited until she’d put down the cup before replying.
“Hanging flesh-eater caterpillar venom.”
Selys choked. Pisces paused, mid-sip. He looked at Rufelt.
“Are they unnamed or is that the actual name of the creature in question?”
The Gnoll shrugged.
“I don’t know the exact name, but that’s what they are. Apparently the venom makes their prey so relaxed they don’t notice the caterpillars dropping on them and eating them. Don’t worry; there’s only a mild dose in that drink.”
Selys looked uneasy, but after Pisces handed the drink back, she took a small sip and smiled.
“Hey! It’s good! I wish you hadn’t told me what was in it, but I asked. Thanks for the drink. How much do I owe you? And uh—do you have any suggestions for what to eat with it?”
“I like a few slices of cheese myself. I don’t know why, but most people do. It might be the venom.”
“Huh. You know, I want cheese too. Hey! Ishkr!”
Selys turned as she fumbled with her belt pouch. She lingered at the bar as she was served some local cheese on a plate. Pisces levitated a piece over to him and Selys jabbed him with a claw as Rufelt went to pass some less expensive drinks out to a crowd of Garuda who’d come from Pallass.
Now, Garuda were lightweights. They liked fruit drinks mostly—birds—but some, like Bevussa, loved the more potent Drake favorites, having been raised in Pallass by Drakes herself. You had to know your guests. When Rufelt came back, he found Pisces and Selys were chatting. It was an unusual pairing, but the [Bartender] had seen far stranger. Pisces sniffed as he chewed on a piece of cheese.
“I have noticed your enduring campaign. I simply haven’t taken an active role. I am, after all, an outsider to Liscor’s politics.”
“Yes, but you could have helped. In fact, you did help Olesm! I heard you went into Pallass to help him write that stupid chess letter! Do you know how much that affected Lism’s campaign?”
The [Necromancer] looked apologetic.
“In my defense, I was unaware of Olesm’s intent to involve himself in the election. That was a wholly unrelated issue.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t see you helping Krshia. Or me. Where was the handy, know-it-all [Necromancer] when I could have used someone arguing against Olesm and Lism?”
