Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 8
Silence. He was eying her. Rafaema, like many of Manus’ officers, wore a sword at her side. But the Gnoll didn’t look frightened, and Rafaema guessed he was as dangerous without weapons as with whatever secret weapons he had on him. But she was unique.
“But you are new. How much did they tell you about me? Everything? Did they tell you about Kelis? Or Amessia?”
The Gnoll didn’t blink. He smiled politely.
“They are mandatory case-studies now, Lady Rafaema. If you have an objection to me—”
“I haven’t decided yet. Some of you annoy me. Like your predecessor.”
Rafaema’s eyes glinted. Ferris nodded. Keeping her happy was an important job. He’d been chosen for it.
“So how much do you know? Have you read my file? All of it? It’s not that well hidden. If you know to look for it.”
Ferris sighed through his nose. He straightened, adopting a military pose for a moment as he clasped his paws behind his back.
“I know everything, Lady Rafaema.”
She paused. Rafaema went to the battlements overlooking Manus. She stood there, on the inner walls. Then she looked suddenly at Ferris.
“How old am I? I forget.”
“A hundred and twenty three, Lady Rafaema.”
“Huh.”
She hadn’t known that. She’d thought she was around a hundred and eighteen. But there it was.
Rafaema was over a hundred years old. Old, for any species in the world. Only half-Elves could face that so easily. But Rafaema had lived it. A hundred and twenty three years of…growing up.
“It doesn’t feel so long. But I’ve stopped taking naps. When was the last one?”
“Twenty seven years ago, Lady Rafaema. If you are feeling—”
“No. Shut up.”
The Gnoll fell silent obediently. Rafaema stared over her city. And for a moment, the young, vibrant Drake looked a bit lost. She looked like someone in her early twenties. And that was accurate. She liked looking how she felt. Well, she might be old, even for this appearance.
“Sleeping…bothers me. Not regular sleep. I—didn’t I sleep for seventeen years one time? And—how long was the other time?”
“Nine years. Among other periods. Your latest periods of slumber have grown shorter, Lady Rafaema. It is a natural—”
He shut up as Rafaema looked at him.
“Do your books tell you about Dragonspeaker Telimer, Ferris?”
“Yes, Lady Rafaema.”
She was in a bad mood. Ferris’ fur tried to stand up on end. Rafaema stared across her city, moodily. There was an outer city as well; Manus’ outer walls had only been taken twice. The Walled City was huge. But it felt small to her.
“It took me four decades to figure it out. Four decades. I know I was a fool when I was that small, but I didn’t understand. They kept putting me back to sleep, and I kept waking up and wondering where everyone went. I didn’t understand it until I was—forty. I kept thinking they were out there somewhere. In another Walled City.”
“The…records indicate that it was a mistake to do so, Lady Rafaema. The Dragonspeaker thought—”
Rafaema looked at Ferris and he went quiet. She was the image of a Drake. If you stared at her shadow, it was just her. She wasn’t concealing anything. Her body was the size of a Drake. But the magic only went so far. Her eyes sparked.
“I didn’t step outside the keep until I was fifty years old. And when I did, they put an entire army on watching me. I like Manus, Ferris. I really do. I know how much I owe the city…did they tell you what I did for my eightieth birthday?”
“Oh yes.”
Ferris was watching her now. Rafaema grinned. She had a toothy, perfect smile.
“How good are you, Ferris? Exact level and class?”
“I couldn’t say, Lady.”
