Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 9
Wil wasn’t sure that his fellow students and he were the ones to be throwing stones. But the two ships were docking.
There was a procedure for making sure the opposition wasn’t planning something devious or underhanded. Lasc shouted across the deck while the other side cast a [Detect Lies] spell.
“I’m not a [Pirate] or planning to attack you in any way!”
“Me neither!”
The Naga [Captain] shouted back. The formalities completed, the two strode over the gangplanks and shook hands.
“And what takes your ship around Minos’ waters? Trade? We run this route; it’s preferable to save time by going through Minotaur waters. And yourself?”
“Escorting a few of my passengers to Terandria. We ran into some trouble along the way. [Necromancers]. But all’s settled; we just happened to use up most of our rum celebrating. We’d have stopped at Minos, but you were closer. You have our thanks.”
Captain Lasc lied fairly smoothly, blending truth with omission. The [Merchant Captain] chortled.
“So I see. May I know your name, sir?”
“Lord Charles de Trevalier.”
Wil lied smoothly. It was standard practice for the Kallinad family to pretend to be one of their enemies if they had to pretend to their nobility. Wil had chosen a particularly annoying member of the Trevalier family he’d known as a boy. The [Merchant] beamed, shaking his hand and going down the line.
“Charmed, charmed! Welcome, Lord Trevalier. And if I can interest you in my wares? I’ll have the drinks delivered at once. Let’s talk about the price…”
Lizardfolk [Sailors] were already merrily rolling up barrels of relief for the crew of The Emerald Signet to cheers from Lasc’s crew. The [Captain] began haggling with the Naga as Wil and his fellow students stepped aboard the other ship.
As a formality. Wil hissed at Peki (whom he did not exactly trust to keep her mouth shut), and Yerra (whom he didn’t trust for the exact same reason) to stay with the covered chest. They did so, much to Wil’s relief. And Captain Xenic, for that was his name, seemed to be exactly what he seemed to be: a [Merchant] who plied his goods across sea routes.
He had an interesting ship. Wil spotted a wide, glass deck in the middle of the ship. Perplexed, he found himself staring down into a veritable greenhouse of growing plants.
“What’s this? I didn’t know you could grow plants at sea!”
“And why not, Lord Charles? We have a fishery as well. We add to it with what we catch of course, but as you can see—I have [Expanded Cargo Hold] as a Skill.”
The garden and interior storage was indeed larger than the dimensions of the ship should allow. Fascinated, the students stared through the opening.
It was a neat little system. Sun would shine down through the glass ceiling, giving the plants light. For air—the crew could pull back parts of the deck. And water?
“[Hydromancers]. And water is easy to desalinate! Well, the garden is a huge savings. Each ship has their little secrets. Storm Captains and their ship spells, Drowned ships which can dive…we have mostly food products bound for Wistram. The [Mages] import all sorts. Lots of sugar and some rather smelly beans for some reason. Cacao, I think. But can I interest you in any of it? Prices may be steep…”
“I’m not in the market for much, Captain Xenic. But I’ll gladly purchase some…sugar? My Garuda friend loves it.”
Out of politeness, Wil spent some gold on a few bags of sugar. Costly, but Peki did love it. As did Yerra. And Feshi. And probably Inky if her gold teeth were any indication. Or maybe that was bad dental hygiene.
