Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 12
Yes! Absolutely! Manus, Fissival—okay, Fissival wasn’t a surprise—Oteslia, and Zeres had all declined to invest in his project.
Even Manus! They were ‘incorporating’ his work into their soldier units. Experimenting.
Slowly. That was the way military bodies worked. They tested, and for wholesale change like this—it was going to be slow.
Even so, it grated on Grimalkin’s nerves. He knew that the weights were superior.
“Look at these muscle gains!”
He had Ferkr and some of his apprentices posing for the scrying orb as Drassi covered his new project one day. Some of the Drakes and Gnolls were blushing as they flexed.
It wasn’t the widest of coverage and there were people who signed off as soon as they saw a sweaty bicep. And some who signed on just for that bit. Grimalkin knew that. But he gave it his one thousand percent to tell people about his product.
“Superior, safe working environments! Quantitative gains! If you have the gonads, buy a set!”
He roared into the scrying orb. This was Grimalkin at his best. Inspiring people. Drassi was covering her earholes.
“Sinew Magus! A little quieter? Okay, I think—I think we’re good! Back to you, Noass!”
“Thank you, Drassi.”
The [Commentator] growled. He was back. So was Sir Relz—not because Drassi had lost popularity, but because Wistram News Network needed more people. The academy wanted 24/7, live coverage at all times and Drassi just couldn’t do it herself.
She was, however, the Drake on the spot to interview Grimalkin. As they switched back to Noass’ coverage, Grimalkin sighed.
“I think some people will really like it, Grimalkin.”
Drassi smiled encouragingly at him. The Fist Mage of Pallass nodded.
“One can hope. However, the numbers tell another story. Thank you, Miss Drassi. Apprentices! Pack up! We’re done for today.”
The Drake strode away, without waiting for a response. He knew the advertisement might have some effect, but it took more time for widespread change. He knew that.
He was not depressed. He was going to have a mood-stabilizing cup of tea and get to work. He had other, even more important things to do, after all.
His notes on Project Earth were expanding, and it had a title. Oh yes. He had of course reported everything to Chaldion. Grimalkin was efficient.
“A time so advanced that only stories about Dragons remain. Complete devastation of every species. Note—look into advanced geological spells. Potential for moon-destroying Tier 9 spells? Tier 10? What wipes out magic? Or…”
The Drake was taking verbal notes with a spell when the [Message] came for him. It came via Street Runner, as usual. The Drake signed for it, tipped a silver coin—and read it while absently thinking aloud.
“Second—multiple worlds theory? Just as unlikely; how would that work? Separate dimensions? No—wait—”
He cracked open the letter and read. Grimalkin frowned.
It was just a string of numbers. But the missive was addressed to him. Each number had a line; there were about twenty entries. The first was underlined.
“247. And below it…200? 154…what is this?”
That wasn’t how it read, of course. It read like this:
 
247.
200.
154.
 
It was some kind of list. Grimalkin stared at it, turned the message over, scanned it for any other signs of anything, and then balled it up and went back to his notes. The problem with Troy and Leon was that their explanations had holes in them and they couldn’t present a cohesive narrative to save their lives.
He got back to work and forgot all about the lists. The next day—they came again.
 
—-
 
