Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 21
“I like both those words. Stir and fry, huh? Isn’t rice that chewy stuff? Let’s have it! And some—some ice cream?”
“Ice cream for lunch?”
Erin raised her brows, smiling. But she was already flagging Ishkr down. Relc chortled.
“And blue juice! I can pay for it all, Erin. I’m rolling in the coins today!”
“Wow! Did Zevara pay you more or something? Ishkr, the stir fry, a big plate, ice cream…”
The Drake snorted.
“Captain Z? She never increases my pay. No, it’s this great thing—but wait. How’ve you been?”
Normally, when Erin asked what was happening, Relc didn’t have much to say. He did his job. New blacksmith puzzles weren’t interesting. He could complain about Klbkch, or talk about interesting little events in his job. But his life was just that. Erin was usually the person with new stuff.
“Well…work in Celum is continuing. But Magnolia sent like…tons of people to help. So Liscor isn’t as needed. I suppose she’s good at that. Joseph is teaching people how to play soccer—football. They’re actually outside of Liscor. Ekirra’s part of the kids team. I think Kevin’s helping with that. Uh—uh—oh! There was that thing with Palt! Some jerks are making this evil scheme…right, Ryoka? Hey, you know Relc, right?”
Erin twisted in her seat as Ryoka looked up dourly. Relc vaguely recognized her. He waved.
“I think I’ve seen you around. Did I arrest you or something?”
She actually looked like someone he’d tried one of his world-class pickup lines on. But Relc hoped that wasn’t the case. Because he was fairly sure she’d shot him down if that was the case. He’d never impressed a Human—what few of them had come to Liscor before Erin.
Ryoka stared at Relc.
“No, you raced me. Ryoka Griffin.”
Relc’s eyes widened.
“Hey, that’s right! And you were with that crazy adventurer! Uh—Regrika! She was tough…”
He saw Ryoka flinch. Erin hesitated and Relc caught himself.
“—good to see you again. Yeah.”
“Yeah.”
The young woman gave him a strained smile. Relc nodded awkwardly. Now, Klbkch would probably say ‘don’t bring that up again’. So he wouldn’t. Relc turned back to Erin.
“Big stuff. But it’s all cool now, right? It was fun playing that kick-the-ball game! Think Liscor will put me on the team?”
Erin grinned. Relc was aware he was fast—but the fine art of control where you kicked the ball was beyond him.
“If you want to, Relc. I think they’re accepting applications. It could be a cool hobby, right?”
“Well, I have one. Listen—I’ve got a lot of money now—”
Erin saw Relc reaching for his belt pouch. She called out distractedly as she noticed the position of the sun.
“Ryoka! Is Mrsha done with her lunch? She’s got a play date with Ekirra and Visma at the park!”
“Got it. Am I taking her?”
Mrsha nodded eagerly as Ryoka turned to her. Erin smiled.
“Actually…that’s Drassi’s job. But you can go with her.”
“I will. Mrsha, let’s finish your lunch and then we can—no, not like that!”
The Gnoll began to gobble with her paws instead of her spoon. Ryoka, exasperated, tried to stop her. Relc grinned. But he was impatiently fishing something out of his belt pouch.
“—As I was saying, Erin.”
“Oh, sorry. What is it?”
“It’s this new thing. I didn’t get a chance to talk to you about it—but—wait, let me give you the speech. I’ve been making a ton of money off it. My side job, really. Here. I’ve memorized it. So you can read while I talk. Look at how much gold I have! It’s all because I’ve been part of this grand investment thing…”
