Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 7
The Drake pointed angrily at Numbtongue. And to be fair, the Hobgoblin was glaring. Erin hesitated. She looked at the Drake. He was drunk and he had faded green scales, mixed a bit with blue.
“Well, maybe you shouldn’t say mean things. I bet that’s why he’s glaring.”
“Mean things? What, like the fact that it’s good that Goblins are banned from the city? Good. Pallass doesn’t let Goblins in. Why should Liscor? I’m fine with Dullahans and those bird-people, but Goblins? No. Never.”
The Drake took another drink, ignoring Erin’s glare. Worse, his words had a lot of silent support. Numbtongue looked around. He was tense. Erin just got mad. She thrust a finger at the Drake’s snout and he recoiled.
“Hey, I’m drinking here!”
“Hey yourself, buddy! You say that one more time, and you’re out! In fact, I should kick you out! Numbtongue fought for Liscor! His friends died because he helped stop the Goblin Lord! Goblins attacked Liscor and—”
“Shut up!”
The Drake hurled his glass onto the ground. It smashed, and Erin leapt back. She opened her mouth furiously, and at another table, Relc stood up with a groan. He abandoned Grimalkin and Embria and stepped forwards at the same time as Ishkr and a Drake.
“Alright, buddy. You’re drunk. Why don’t you pay up for the cup and liquid and leave?”
He raised his claws placatingly. The drunk Drake wavered. He might have gone without more than a fuss, but Erin was eying the broken glass and looking back at Numbtongue. She turned back and raised her voice.
“Yeah! Get out! We don’t need racist jerks here. Goblins aren’t all bad you know!”
The Drake stopped as he fumbled for his coin pouch, swearing. Slowly, he looked up at Erin. And his drunk anger faded and became something soberer. Darker. He pointed at Erin as Relc barred his way.
“Not all bad? Goblins killed my sister.”
The room went silent. Erin’s furious mouth closed slowly. Relc hesitated. The Drake looked around.
“I’m being unreasonable? Me? I’m sitting in the same inn as that thing because I wanted to talk to my brother.”
He pointed unsteadily through the door.
“I didn’t come here to cause a fight. But that thing’s here. Staring at me. You know what Goblins did, Miss Human? They killed my sister. My best friend. They were just travelling from our village to the city. It was a two hour walk! You could see them from the walls. But a bunch of Goblins killed them. Stabbed them to death and tried to eat them. You monsters.”
He directed that last at Numbtongue, spitting in his general direction. And all eyes fastened on the Goblin. Erin’s eyes went uncertainly to Numbtongue. Relc, looking around, made a judgment call.
“Alright, pal. We get it. That’s terrible. Really. But you’re drunk—”
“Get your claws off me!”
The Drake shoved at Relc, but failed to make the [Guardsman] fall back. He swore as Relc manhandled him towards the door.
“You didn’t save her! The City Watch saw everything and they didn’t stop it!”
“We can’t be everywhere. Keep walking.”
“Are Goblins supposed to be safe? Huh? I’m letting this one stay! Aren’t I the reasonable one? I’m not seeking vengeance. But why do I have to pretend that this thing isn’t dangerous? Goblins killed my sister! What do you have to say to that, Hob, huh?”
“Don’t answer that.”
Relc snapped at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin ignored him. He stared at the struggling Drake and around at the silent room. The judging looks. Slowly, Numbtongue stood up. He called across the room at the Drake.
“Humans killed my parents.”
