Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 32
They had. However, Olesm had been more cunning than anyone had known. He had created in the Antinium, for the first time…a sense of competition.
The fact that Crab Battalion had a name and award made them stand out. So had Olesm’s promise to commend the best fighting force. Naturally, the [Crusaders] decided that if you were going to get yogurt instead of your paste, they would fight for that.
Try hard. Not that they didn’t try, but there was an extra…keenness when they went into the fray tomorrow.
Passage-fighting. Narrow spaces to large areas for multiple squads to fight shoulder-to-shoulder. Dangerous if you ran into spells, but armor could save you.
Crusader 51 was ready. He and Crusader 53 were both Calruz’s students, and they were in the same squad. No other squad had two gifted Antinium. So naturally they would do better and receive the reward today.
…They did not. Mainly because they were both ordered to loose arrows as the first ranks of Battalion 1 repelled a few charges from [Riders]. The enemy did not attack Battalion 1.
They attacked Battalion 3 instead. That was—
Crab Battalion. As if Dekass were a lodestone, or for vengeance, the second day saw [Mages] taking potshots at Crab Battalion at range. Lightning spells. In response, Olesm mounted archers and had Maksie call out targets. [Mages] were an asset, and a limited one at that; if one of them cast a spell, they had better be ready to eat an arrow in return, and few [Mages] were of Magus Grimalkin’s caliber or even his students.
“For heroism in the face of an onslaught of spells, Commander Olesm has awarded Crab Battalion another commendation. News of their advance in the face of a storm of spells has reached Liscor, and the Council has commissioned an illustration of the advance.”
Tersk read out the announcement, and Crab Battalion was given pork tenderloin.
Crusader 51 had never known pork had a tender loin. This time, it was not shared. The scorched armor of the [Crusaders] still bore their crab symbol, and they ate slowly, savoring the meal while the other Antinium smelled it.
The next day, Dekass proudly strutted across the ground and announced to Tersk he had levelled up.
“My unit is now resistant to electricity. I therefore request permission to lead our advance. I also cite the increased levels among my command. The average is now 9, with many [Crusaders] having achieved their first capstone.”
Crusader 51 had never heard of the snowball effect, but he would have understood the dirtball analogy. Crab Battalion was leveling up. You could see there was a difference. Not just in levels, the Soldiers and Workers held their shields more confidently, and when they clashed, they looked—sharp.
Therefore, they got into the fighting more often as Olesm recognized that. Not that it was one or two skirmishes in the following days.
Liscor’s army took the ridgeline and emerged into what would become their main battleground: a series of gentler hills that nevertheless extended into a large network of caves and unexpected valleys.
Much like the Floodplains, but on a larger scale. The garrison force that had tried to slow Liscor’s advance fell back—and linked up with Hectval’s real army. That was when the first big engagements occurred.
 
——
 
Crusader 51 stabbed nine opponents and executed a slash that injured six more on the first day Battalion 1 saw massed combat. Squad 5 entered into pitched battle as the Antinium [Crusaders] met Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem in force.
