Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 0

Sentry Leader Ekrn marched through the halls of his village, ignoring the fact that he was tracking mud, blood, and debris across rich carpets or the spotless floors.
His…village. Not how he would have referred to it; Paeth, or Paeth’s Tree by the Coast if you wanted the full, pretentious name, was a nation unto itself. A country, a power…among the small.
Fraerlings. Tiny folk. The legends of Baleros, whom you might live your entire lives near by and never see. Only one had ever become so famous as for the world to know his name. The Titan of Baleros, Niers Astoragon, was the most famous Fraerling living—possibly one of the most famous to ever live, really.
He was not all of them. Nor, as Ekrn would happily point out to anyone he talked with, was the Titan a good representative of the Fraerling people. But then, he seldom got a chance to rant on one of his favorite topics; a Fraerling didn’t need to be told, and the number of Tallfolk, non-Fraerlings that he got to speak to instead of putting an enchanted crossbow bolt in their eye were…six.
That was six more than most Fraerlings. Ekrn strode past office after office, ignoring the shouts of outrage and the heads poking out.
“Sentry Leader, you’re tracking mud onto the carpets! Do you even know the expense? Slow down! They’re meeting and you can’t—”
“Take the cleaning costs out of my vurel if you want. Don’t stop me! I’m Tallguard and on business!”
The man snapped back at the [Secretary] rushing to stop him. She slowed, trying to block him as he marched towards Paeth’s leading body. They were called, in Fraerling expressions, like ‘vurel’, Signim, and so on, the Architects. There were six of them, and they ruled Paeth.
The [Secretary] was scandalized by the dirty, bloody Tallguard marching through the rich halls of the top floors. This was not how it was done! His boots coated more tiles with filth, and she shouted.
“Halt! You cannot do this! Security!”
And then she grabbed at him. They must have paid her well, or the power had gone to her head, because Ekrn felt the other Fraerling woman drag at him, although she nearly let go when she realized he had blood on his armor.
That was too much for Ekrn, though. The Sentry Leader was tired, had just been fighting swarms of scavengers outside that had gone after that giant Human currently napping in front of his ‘village’, and he’d seen good Tallguard die fighting. He turned.
“Hands. Off.”
The man drew his sword. Well, half-unsheathed the enchanted blade, just to threaten the [Secretary]. He had no intention of using it, of course. However, it halted the slightly-burly Fraerling security-guards and the [Secretary] instantly let go of his arm. She took one look at the sword, and Ekrn realized he’d made a mistake.
She screamed and fled backwards. The two ‘[Security Personnel]’ froze, their own hands on their Paratons. Ekrn eyed the two weapons, arguably more enchanted than his sword. Yet he didn’t even have to draw the blade for the two to nearly soil themselves. He snorted, and gave the two a withering look. They backed up and he strode on.
No one stopped him. Everyone had vanished the instant the Sentry Leader had bared his blade. They hid, quivering, and he growled as he stormed towards the Architects’ meeting room. He sometimes forgot.
Tallguard. That was the thing to remember, if nothing else. They were all Fraerlings. Ekrn, the [Secretary], every person here was six inches tall. Tiny! And the hallway Ekrn strode through would have been too small for some breeds of rat, for all it was spacious for him.
