Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 12
Now, she withdrew the product of over a month of stealing from Femithain. Piece by piece, it came out, shining in the light coming from the closet’s slats. And from within, the glowing binding-spells, laboriously copied over from Femithain’s Golems. The material this Golem was made of shone palely—but not like porcelain.
It was bone. Nsiia had obtained each piece of bone, carving it, gluing it together and polishing it until it was almost seamless. She was good at carving, and it was easy to steal a knife from a table after asking for a steak.
However—the material had been the hardest thing. Nsiia had tried pieces of furniture in her room, but the wood was soft and a missing chair would surely go noticed. So she had asked for help.
Dogs from across the city had given up treats or fetched or stolen bones for her. She had rewarded them with pieces of her dinner, and scratching. And at last—she had completed—to their disgust—
A Cat Golem. Nsiia stared at it, inspecting each piece. Tail, legs—the trick was a Golem was not an undead, so she had to just make the legs, identical, the torso, the tail, head…
It was just a cat. A housecat, not one of the wilder ones Tiqr’s people might encounter. Nsiia had created her second Golem as a cat because she knew them so well. She had purposely jointed the legs, trying to give it the mobility a real cat would. It would bend and stretch, segmented as the Golem pieces were, each part fitting together…
It was a work of art, if Nsiia did say so herself. The cat’s body moved like scale armor, sliding together so as not to leave a gap even if it had to flex downwards or upwards. She had learned a lot of lessons; a Golem needed to have the instruction-circuits connected at all times or parts of it stopped working.
Her first Golem had been a simple shell of a humanoid thing. Made of clay that animals had dug up for her and fired with a bit of fire magic and a few fireplace incidents. It had taken over a dozen tries but Nsiia had gotten it to walk around, punch clumsily, and try to move wherever she pointed.
It had been an unsteady, fragile thing which had begun to break even with its first steps due to how she’d made it. And it had run out of power after three minutes, eating through the six small mana stones she’d placed in it for power.
Nevertheless, it had been her first Golem. Nsiia had celebrated—before smashing it to dust and burying the remains. She had just needed to know how a Golem was made—even if the power supply had escaped her.
But this Cat Golem—this was the one that would be able to do so much more. Steal for her, deliver messages, travel—she was sure she’d figured out each minute detail of most of the Golem-making.
Parts were easy. If you had unlimited time, patience, and Nsiia’s mind, you could copy Femithain’s arm-circuitry and see how it made an arm move up, flex, move down…it was just a matter of making three dozen clay copies, inscribing your own magical instructions, and seeing what did what.
Nsiia had learned magic from her tutors. This was not new to her. She just didn’t know how to make the Golem obey more complex instructions, or give it a permanent power source, or…er…how she was supposed to get it to function without her direct, constant supervision.
It was possible to do! Nsiia had guard-Golems. In fact, she walked out of her closet to stare at them.
