Interlude – Relationships
Page 15
“Hoodlum’s no stranger to strangers. We sort out even monsters ourselves. ‘Sides, we’re close to Onononno.”
“Close to what?”
Erin swiveled her head around. She was eying a Runner’s Guild down the main street of Hoodlum’s town, parked next to the Mage and Adventurer’s Guilds, both modest but standard. The [Hoodlums] grumbled.
“The City of Slimes. Crazy. Dead gods, I’d take those singing Drakes over that lot.”
“We get visitors from there, now and then. Or people who think they want to stay there. Then they come here and ask for towels. Lots of them. Where you from again?”
“Liscor.”
Numbtongue’s grin was wide, as it always was when someone wanted to talk to him rather than point and run. Erin would have loved to ask about the City of Slimes or participate in the exclamations and questions from the people in the crowd, but she was dealing with the lamb. She eyed the little creature as Lyonette dithered over how to transport it back.
“We could ask a City Runner to take it back. It’s pricey, but no more than hiring the coach to go back. Emperor Laken has indicated he’s fine with either option, but I don’t know if a lamb should ride in a backpack—”
“I’m sure it’ll survive. Let’s do that. Heck, we’ll send the hamper.”
Erin shook her head. She kept trying to roll away and the lamb would follow her, much to her great annoyance. She turned to the Runner’s Guild, and again, the lamb set up a piteous wail.
“Erin! You’re heartless! What if I took in the lamb? Please? My father hates Sariants, but he’s never been around one—or we let it stay at the inn?”
Despite having been around the lamb for five minutes, Garia was instantly taken with the idea. Lyonette wavered.
“I’m sure His Majesty won’t object.”
Erin! Let it stay! Apista can have a friend!
Mrsha also liked the playful lamb. Erin, though, grew more and more hostile as everyone nodded. Ulvama was nudging her, and Erin glanced at her.
“Nope, sorry guys. [Innkeeper] rules. No lambs. Let’s just take it to the Runner’s Guild. Now.”
She picked up the lamb, and the female lamb began crying. It actually sounded like a cute wail not dissimilar to a baby’s, and every head in earshot turned to Erin. She saw the little lamb kick its short legs, squirm, and turn its head to stare up at her pleadingly. It tried to smile at her, and the [Innkeeper] bent her head down and whispered.
“I see you. You don’t fool me. What are you doing here?”
Only Mrsha heard that, and the Gnoll’s face grew instantly confused. For—what did she see?
A cute lamb who was so irresistibly friendly and attentive and intelligent it was like having all the best qualities of a pet with no apparent downside? Oh, you could know they were parasites who’d want to be pampered and only realize how lazy and devious they were later. But even knowing that, you could still like their perfectly-adjusted cuteness, which was literally so perfect that Erin thought a cartoon animal couldn’t do it better, let alone anything of nature.
Even Inkar was fooled. Even Numbtongue! But the lambs had one weakness, and it was this:
A [Witch] saw emotion. She was a kind of competitor in the space, albeit usually on the opposite end. And what Erin saw was the lamb’s true emotions.
Which was a level of hostility, contempt, and downright hatred of everything in the carriage so strong that it made the lamb’s innocent smile that much more sinister. It was as if she could see a sneering face behind the smile and the tears.
