Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 49
The giant Antinium gently grabbed Klbkch’s upper half with its pincers and leapt. Everyone braced, but the Centenium was turning—turning—Klbkch fumbled for a potion.
“How dangerous.”
Wrymvr had to concentrate hard to stop from laughing and dropping him.
 
—-
 
“Klbkchhezeim!”
The scream was echoed across multiple voices. The Hives were in disarray. The Antinium refocused as the Drakes saw thousands of Antinium coming at them in a sudden, maddening fury. They fled, not knowing what had happened.
Neither had the other Queens. They had only known when Klbkch took a mortal wound—until then, his vague location.
Except for one. The Twisted Queen sat upright, listening as a flurry of panicked voices broke out.
“Accidental injury? Report the damage.”
“Stay calm. He is not deceased. Stay calm—”
“We must immediately repair his body! The upgrades were not enough, not enough—”
The other four Queens were panicking, to say nothing of the Free Queen of Liscor. The Twisted Queen added her words of fear, resolve, and so on.
The Free Queen was gifted. But she was one Queen. Even if he asked, they might have bickered or held something back. Anyways, upgrading was harder than remaking from scratch.
Well, well. She waited until Klbkch was safely in the Silent Queen’s Hive and then sat back. Drake raids. The damage to the Armored Antinium’s Hive was a problem, but it was…resources. She had been more concerned with the lives of both Centenium.
Let the Walled Cities be confused. The fallacy of their thinking was that they thought this war was about resources, the lives of many. They had won their victory.
So had the Antinium.
“The end. We all win.”
The best of all scenarios. The Twisted Queen, in her twisted way, hoped the Drakes were happy while it lasted.
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights was…tired. Just tired.
He didn’t pay attention to the debriefing. Or speculation, recriminations, thanks or apologies. He just sat there.
Later. Later, he’d get angry. Or try to find out how to beat a monster that could resist three elements at once and heal. And figure out how much gold he’d just lost—even if the Walled Cities were going to recompense him.
Hint? They would not. Maybe 70% at best. And that remaining 30% was suddenly a lot more than his actual payment.
At the moment—he was too tired to care. Just exhausted, really. The Drake walked away from the [Wyvern Rider] who dropped him off. Mivifa would live. Whether she would have permanently scarred lungs or complications from the toxins…he’d given them all of what he had to help.
He wasn’t even mad that it was ‘unfair’. Unfair? The word was the kind of thing children said. Saliss didn’t use it. Chaldion had taught him not to use it.
And the Old Man was smart enough not to greet him or…do anything. No one picked him up from the battlements. Which was what Saliss wanted. They were probably all being very afraid and anxious and making plans, anyways.
He was just…tired of it. Saliss was. This unending war. Duty to the Walled Cities. Days where you threw everything you had at a problem and it laughed in your face.
That monstrous…
Then we are two of a kind.
“Did you hear the news?”
Someone was babbling as Saliss pushed down the staircase on the 8th Floor. Anxious people. More bad news. He listened, for a moment, after he heard a familiar name.
Oh, they were watching one of the scrying orbs. Wistram News Network. It was Noass. No—monocle. Sir Relz. Whatever. Since Drassi wasn’t here he was reading the news. The Drake looked into the scrying orb gravely.
