Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 24
The Gold-rank adventurer barely heard him. He was hearing the sounds from the camp. Cries and laughter and…he tried not to listen. He was unable to block it out. Wouldn’t have, if he could.
He had heard and seen terrible things. Pisces had fought Crelers, gone into the heart of the Village of Death. He had beheld Skinner. Even so. He realized something as he sat here.
That wasn’t evil. The image of evil…the [Necromancer] had a different perspective than most. Even so, he realized that evil wasn’t the image of wailing organs, the gurgling rasping of monsters or the hidden nightmares in the center of a dungeon, in dark places where they waited on the edge of where reality met dreaming.
That might have been horror. But it was not evil. Evil? Evil was mundane and around him. There was no law here to stop anything happening. Igheriz was the law, him and Hrome, and they encouraged freedom.
Leciaun. Roshal’s answer to Cinaelu, the day of freedom.
True evil sounded like weeping. Silence and grunting and sounds of…Pisces looked up.
“Why am I here, Igheriz?”
In this moment, he would have done almost anything to stop this. The [Slave Master] saw it. He grinned.
“You might do something today, eh. That is what I thought. So I called you here, Pisces. Because you are an adventurer. You think you have control. Even now. Even though I wrote my name on your chest, you would do something stupid and I would have to hurt you.”
Pisces thought he heard Cawe’s voice. He put his feet under him.
“Shouldn’t I?”
Igheriz just laughed at him.
“You can’t raise your hands to me, Pisces. This? This is a lesson. Maybe even a mercy, for I like you. Sleep.”
Pisces’ eyes widened. He rose to his feet—and toppled over as the collar blazed with magic. When he woke, Leciaun was done.
Igheriz had done him no mercy.
 
—-
 
The next day, Pisces woke in silence. Oh—noise from the [Guards]. They boasted and laughed, in good humor afterwards. [Slavers]. He would have killed them like Mrsha had once tried to kill Badarrow, with a piece of wood or dagger through their ears if he could raise his hands.
But it was silent on the [Slave]’s side of things. No one spoke. A few tried to comfort or reach out—but those taken did not want to be touched.
The worst part? Few wept. It had happened before and it would happen again.
Some had been exempted. Astotha, for instance, and Eloque. A few favored [Slaves]—and not all [Guards] had been allowed to take part. Those who did swaggered around, taunting those who had not.
Cawe said nothing to Pisces or Bearig that day as they were chained up. She didn’t look at anyone or anything. The feathers on her neck were…torn, Pisces realized. As if someone had plucked them out in a handful. As they began to walk, a [Slave Guard] rode past and made a gesture.
“I will see you next Leciaun, lovely bird!”
The [Pickpocket] shuddered. Qshom saw Pisces’ head go up.
“Stop.”
The [Tailor] warned Pisces. The [Necromancer] looked at the man’s horse. If he could get it to rear, let it toss him and snap his neck—
He moved out of line. Bearig slammed into Pisces, a shoulder-charge so hard it knocked both down.
Astonished, Pisces felt the big [Cook] fall on him. He tried to get away, but Bearig swung his clenched hands, striking and pulling at the line.
[Guards] turned and the one who’d rode by turned back. Pisces kicked, but Bearig just slammed his full weight onto Pisces.
“Enough! Enough! Hey! The [Guards] smile, but the [Slaves] quarrel? Well, I am generous.”
