Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 19
Things had changed for Toren again. Now—he no longer wished to be heard. He wished to be invisible. To never be found.
But no longer to die, for all he was tormented. Nor could he; Az’kerash had altered his spell matrices.
“This should allow you to live, although I have need of those bones.”
He had told Toren before imbuing him with [Limited Regeneration]. The skeleton had learned it as a Skill. He had gained several things from Az’kerash’s tinkering when he wasn’t teaching or creating new Chosen.
Among them, the ability to do this. A metatarsal that Toren needed was on a high shelf. So he tossed his arm up and grabbed it. His arm returned to his body. Like a Dullahan’s.
Improvements. But with it, with impressing the Necromancer with his intelligence, tenacity—Toren had kept trying to kill Az’kerash that first week—had come the Chosen’s ire. And they expressed it in simple ways.
They were like him. Toren understood that now. What Az’kerash was learning was what Toren had lived through. The Chosen were children and the [Skeleton Knight] saw that they had the same flaw he did.
The Chosen could think. They could feel. But they had to learn these things.
Love, caring—those were harder things to comprehend than anger, hatred. And originality? The capacity to innovate?
Far, far harder. Toren had learned that over months of being the skeleton that just took orders at Erin’s inn. No wonder the Chosen, who had been even more strictly-controlled than he, were unable to even think about using different weapons. They had learned malice far more easily; undead knew malice.
But love? Az’kerash had read them stories. Hoping to instill the capacity for kindness in them, he had encouraged they try raising pets. He treated them like children.
They had killed the pets. What had he expected? They were undead. The desire to kill was in their natures. Az’kerash had a long way to go. He knew that, and knew them. Ijvani’s pets, for instance, had always died.
So the Necromancer split his time between working on new Chosen, training the old ones, and managing his affairs in the world. He was exasperated—but content in the knowledge that he had time. This was a long-term project and when he was done, he’d have his undead generals.
In time. And so far, Toren had been miserable.
 
—-
 
Once his body was remade, the skeleton slunk around the corners. He was hiding from them. They all hated him. Ijvani and Venitra the most because he was made of bone. Fortunately, Az’kerash’s castle was big. The skeleton hurried back to his broom and found—
“What is this?”
Toren froze. Devail stood there, rapier in hand. The…fencing Chosen looked at Toren. Devail was mystified by the broom.
A broom, for sweeping. Devail’s head twisted left and right; it had no bone so it could move however Devail pleased. He could even fit into incredibly narrow spots because his ‘body’ was just enchanted flesh. He could collapse to be as thin as a hand. It was gross.
“Cleaning makes no sense. I will ask the Creator. Skeleton, do you wish to fight?”
Toren shook his head. Devail turned away.
Fighting maniac. Toren made a rude gesture at Devail’s back, conveniently forgetting he had once been like that. Devail was better than the old Chosen because he was just an idiot. But Toren wasn’t here to fight.
He investigated what he’d been sweeping up. Dust. Some dirt. A bunch of detritus. Toren swept because he missed being in the inn. But also…
