Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 16
The Minotaur ignored the blades. He grabbed the table, lifted it with a roar and swung it around him. Wil dove as [Sailors] were sent flying by the blow. The Minotaur lifted the table and threw it. A group of mutineers screamed as he drew a battleaxe.
“Form up! Wil! Get behind us!”
Yerranola and Feshi were fighting next to Delivan. Inky and the [Storm Sailors] howled as they drew their blades and cut into the lower-level [Sailors]. Merrik had his hammer out. He ignored the weapons bouncing off his armor and charged into the fighting. Peki was already punching and kicking, striking every mutineer—and some of the loyalists—around her.
Wil stood. He drew a sword and the emergency wand he carried. He locked blades with a traitorous [Sailor]. The man was strong. He raised his off-hand as Wil raised his wand. Both of them stared at the wand aimed at each other’s chests. They shouted and dodged.
A bolt of fire hit Wil in his chest. But his enchanted armor that Yerranola had made him wear took the spell. The other man was not so lucky. He fell with a hole in his neck. Wil turned, aiming his wand, slashing—
“[Battalion of Glory]! Use your damn Skills! Peki! Yerra! Wil! Get back here, Venaz!”
Merrik howled at the students. They began activating their skills and Lasc’s loyalists formed a formation against the disorganized mutineers. Too late, the traitors realized they had to work together or die. They tried to rally. But they were unprepared for the students being able to use their Skills. Merrik and Peki.
And Captain Lasc’s wrath. The [Storm Captain] pointed, and the deck erupted with a line of spikes, impaling dozens of the traitors. He was a blur, as his armored fist struck faces and deflected blades and even bolts and spells.
His blade cut down traitor after traitor. The battle was short and swift. Wil was pointing his wand at a fleeing [Sailor] when Feshi’s arrow took the female traitor in the back of the head. He looked around for another enemy, but they were all dead.
The deck was a massacre. Some of the traitors had surrendered. The rest had died. The [Storm Sailors] were panting. Their levels, aided by the [Strategists], had triumphed.
But—The Emerald Signet ran red with blood. And less than a hundred crew remained. Wil found Lasc, leaned on a railing. The [Storm Captain] wasn’t hurt badly. His wounds were already healing via potion. But he looked—
“Captain Lasc?”
“Traitors. I thought there might be. But not among my own crew. Some of them stayed with me for years, like that bastard, Begal, Lord Kallinad. But the ones who stuck around were—”
Lasc raised his head. Wil saw Inky helping fix up Venaz. The Minotaur had hacked apart [Sailors] but they’d cut into him without his armor. The Octopus-Woman grinned in response.
“[Storm Sailors] don’t jump ship so easily, mates. Even those of us who belong to the sea. Captain, what do we do with them?”
Delivan was staring at the traitors with his crossbow loaded and aimed. Lasc spoke curtly.
“They go over the plank. Or put a bolt in their heads, Delivan. Then get me any [Sailor] who can move.”
“Aye, Captain.”
“Captain Lasc?”
Wil stared at the [Sailors] as they were ordered towards the sides. Some just climbed the railings and jumped; the others pleaded as Lasc strode towards the wheel.
“If their mates are in the area, they’ll live. Otherwise they can pray for Nelgaunts or the sea’s mercy. I don’t care. We can’t hold them and I won’t risk it. Lord Kallinad, we have to move. We’re being scried.”
The [Storm Captain] pointed up. Wil realized what he meant. His heart leapt. But his mind—began to move.
