Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 1
Niers Astoragon was all too aware of his position. If he demanded it, an entire army could march on Talenqual at a moment’s notice, sack the entire city if he needed to, and take the [Doctor]. All on a hunch. All on a supposition that her company was made of…
But he wouldn’t do that. For one thing, Niers Astoragon believed in things like not killing innocent people if you could help it. Secondly, any move he made was watched by the other three Great Companies of Baleros and any number of his enemies. He had to be stealthy in how he met Geneva. A month’s lead, or a few weeks? It could mean everything.
And yet, and yet. Why wasn’t she here? Niers consulted his reports. There were clues in the meticulous details his [Informants] and [Spymasters] sent to him. And here—
“Ah.”
 
The Last Light of Baleros is treating victims of Yellow Rivers.
 
Just a line in one of the latest reports. As well as figures. Treating victims. Niers read it, and then began to cross-reference the data with other reports in other folders.
By the time the door to his study swung open and an invisible Squirrelwoman hopped in, Niers Astoragon was swearing. He didn’t even bother trying to locate the invisible [Rogue].
“Close the door, Foliana. We have a problem.”
“Something wrong?”
“You could say that. We might have a plague on our hands.”
Niers threw down the reports. How had no one noticed? Brothels across every major city. Foliana reappeared as she perched in a chair by the table.
“How do you know?”
“There are cases of this disease. Yellow Rivers, it’s being called. Something incredibly nasty spreading through brothels and armies. I didn’t take much heed and most people haven’t. It’s like any number of regular illnesses. But look. Talenqual, top of the page.”
Foliana read the latest report.
“The Last Light of Baleros—Geneva Scala, United Nations company—treating Yellow Rivers disease in two children. Different symptoms, but similar. Ew.”
“Not what you think. Unless I’m mistaken, they did not get it normally. If they did, you can add some people to your list. But I think this sickness has multiple ways of being contracted. And if so…”
Niers paused. That explained a lot. And he began to worry. The [Strategist] paced back and forth.
“The Yellow Rivers disease? Let’s hope it’s not a magical plague. Like the Sporepits Plague. Millions died.”
There was a difference in plague vs…plague. You could take down a normal illness with some Skills, for instance. [Healers] were good at fighting infection depending on their level. But magical plagues? They could wipe the world clean.
“I need to investigate.”
“This [Doctor]? Why? Give her more money, mm. If you’re worried.”
Foliana glanced at Niers. He hesitated.
“It’s deeper than that, Foliana. Don’t pry. For now. But this means my plans have changed. Damn. I need…an agent. Or two. Happily, the students are on summer classes. Hm.”
He scratched at his beard. Foliana watched him.
Many of his students had left. For their homes, to visit their families, for a vacation from the grind that was class at his academy. And a small group had gone…to sea.
“Huh. Wil would have been my first pick. Or Yerra, or Feshi, honestly. Umina and Marian I know, but—well, Umina’s troublesome for a number of reasons of late. And Marian is surprisingly weak at improvisation in the ways I’d need.”
Niers mused to himself. Foliana tilted her head left and right.
“Do you regret sending them on the treasure hunt?”
The Titan looked up.
“Those six? Never. It will be good for them. It’s just inconvenient for me at this moment.”
