Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 12
His fist punched—and Orjin saw the air move. A blast of air hit one of the few palm trees around the oasis, a hundred feet distant. The explosion knocked bark off the trunk, tore apart the leaves.
Orjin waited. The Fury of the Skies leapt. He soared into the air, higher than some of the flying Garuda. His disciples oohed, and stared as he landed. Light as a feather. Next, the Fury of Skies touched the earth with his shoe, just the tip at his toes. He pressed once, walked away.
The [Martial Artists] waited. After a second, the ground split where the Fury of Skies had touched the earth. A crack and burst of dust floated upwards, about six feet wide.
The people of Windcaller’s Wrath waited. Their [Martial Artists] looked smug. Pomle’s warriors stared. Orjin waited, and then turned to Salii.
“Should I punch a rock or something?”
The [Receptionist] stared at him.
“That wasn’t impressive? I haven’t seen you punch the air!”
“I don’t practice that. I could have dodged that. Half of Pomle’s warriors could have, even closer.”
Orjin shrugged. Salthorn was nodding. She leaned over as the Fury of the Skies waited, looking triumphant and cool. Triumphantly cool.
“I think he’s insane, Orjin. Why did he show you his Skills ahead of your spar?”
“Perhaps he’s that confident? Maybe those are just feints. That would be cunning.”
“True.”
Some more of the masters walked over, eying the Windcaller’s Wrath. The other warriors went back to sparring. The smug atmosphere of the other group faltered a bit.
“Well? Will you not answer us?”
One of the silk [Martial Artists] leapt forwards, slamming a foot into the earth. There was a large impact—[Tremor Blow], Orjin guessed. He looked over.
“The others have not come yet. We may have to wait a few hours.”
The Cult of Windcaller’s Wrath stared, and the Fury of the Skies stared at Orjin. He went back to sitting on his rock. Salthorn greeted the other masters.
“Looks like a lot of challengers today. Will your disciples be fighting?”
“Perhaps. I just came to look at the Fury of the Skies.”
An old Garuda, the [Peerless Spearmaster], leaned on his staff. He eyed the Fury of the Skies, who was being attended to by his flock. Orjin waited.
“Well?”
The [Peerless Spearmaster] snorted.
“I’m going back to sleep. Wake me up when he leaves.”
 
—-
 
The sparring began an hour later. That was how long it took for the others to arrive. The cult weren’t the only group coming to Pomle today, as Orjin patiently explained to one of the angry senior [Martial Artists], or Hurricane Fists as they were apparently known. Pomle got people who wanted to join the warriors, or just train.
And in this case, it was what they offered Pomle that was important. Not every [Martial Artist] in Pomle fended for themselves. Anyone who wandered in was expected to do whatever they needed to survive. That meant find shelter, food, and attend to medical emergencies on their own.
But what if you sucked at finding food? Or found it cut into your training time? Then, you could offer Pomle something.
A new Skill. A way of fighting. The ability to make swords or weapons to train with. Some of the warriors better suited for fighting would find you food in that case, in exchange for some training, or just because it benefited all. Of late, Salii had been pushing Orjin to expand this impromptu system, but for now you had to come here and demonstrate…something.
