Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 20
He had no problem reading, and his voice, deep as it was, was quite thoughtful and quick. The two settled back as Lyonette nodded and got their orders. They blinked when she brought back fries and condiments.
“Ah, I’m afraid we didn’t order this, Miss.”
The smaller man was quick to point this out. Lyonette smiled.
“Oh, it’s on the house for any larger orders! Help yourselves! These are ‘french fries’.”
“We’re much obliged by the hospitality, ma’am. Any place that as gives out free food must be confident in the rest.”
The smaller man looked happy at the mention of ‘free’. He reached for a fry, but then caught himself. He and the bigger man tipped their caps to Lyonette.
But they didn’t remove them. They were only odd in that way—and perhaps their speech. And they were certainly not snobs. They dug into the french fries with a working man’s appetite. And exclaimed and savored the new food as most clients did.
As normal as could be. Except for the hats. And except, of course, that they were them. The smaller man remarked as he stared at the door to Invrisil, which was still letting in new people.
“Wilovan, I had a thought.”
“Only the one?”
The smaller man gave a quick scowl at the bigger fellow for the wit. Then he went on, eying the people paying in silver to go through the door.
“Doesn’t this put a bit of soot in the eye of all the hard workin’ folk who, have so far and probably must continue to travel about the country by horse or foot? And what does that make us, then? Are we the posh folk who go around with literal magic doors that the regular people can’t afford? Is that where we’ve got to?”
The larger fellow raised his brows. He shifted in his chair, delicately munching on a piece of pizza.
“One imagines that it would be a sign we’ve made it, Ratici, my friend. And what sort of people would we be if, for purely moral or philosophical reasons, we did not use a door of such convenience. Because it exists, the door in itself is not an act of classism. However, the way it is used becomes an act that separates the rich and the poor.”
“True. But the inn’s using it in such a way.”
Testily, the shorter fellow snatched a fry away from Wilovan’s plate. Silently, Wilovan pushed the rest of the fries towards Ratici. He sighed and cleared his throat.
“Happily, I noted in the very minutiae of conversation between yon [Butler] and Miss [Innkeeper] that her door had been free for all up till Lady Reinhart’s order. Therefore, we have established that this inn is egalitarian in principle, even if the world forces it to be otherwise.”
Ratici, munching on his fries and the hamburger, and rather wishing he’d ordered a slice of pizza, coughed.
“True, true. What does ‘egalitarian’ mean?”
“Equal for all. You should know it, Ratici. It’s a line that goes well with your philosophical talk.”
Wilovan replied steadily. Ratici, as shorter men sometimes did, spoke faster than Wilovan’s measured tones, as a man might who was afraid his opinions might not be heard in time or be stomped on. And Ratici tended towards fanciful words as a manner of deliberately heightening his speech, while Wilovan kept up purely as a result of his self-education.
And Ratici was a bit conscious of that. He sighed as he nibbled from a bit of pizza.
“I never needed books to teach me how to be intelligent, Wilovan. Where d’you find all the time to read these books, anyways?”
Wilovan gave Ratici a look.
“I notice you’ve stolen my pizza, Ratici.”
“I’ll buy you another.”
