Interlude – Embria
Page 24
“W-what? Well, he is my father.”
The armored woman nodded.
“I know. And I have a similar relationship to my father. I admire him too. But he’s not my hero.”
She looked at Embria. The Wing Commander froze. And what might have come out of her mouth next was anyone’s guess. Because she saw something similar in Yvlon’s gaze, a knowingness. And then she saw something else reflected in her vision. And she heard a voice, polite, friendly, clicking, from behind her.
“Hello, Yvlon. I am not interrupting you, am I?”
Embria spun. She saw two open mandibles, a black body. Multi-faceted eyes. Antennae. Three arms.
Antinium.
Reflexively, Embria rose, spear raised. Yvlon jumped to her feet, putting an arm out. The Antinium stepped back, studying Embria. He raised one hand in greeting.
“I am Ksmvr.”
“Back off.”
Embria snarled. Yvlon quickly interposed herself between Embria and the Antinium.
“Ksmvr, take a step back. Wing Commander, please calm down. Ksmvr is with me. He’s part of my team.”
“You?”
Embria stared at Yvlon. She felt like she’d been punched in the gut. She’d heard someone was crazy enough to have teamed up with an Antinium. But Yvlon? The [Warrior] nodded.
“Ksmvr’s from Liscor’s Hive. He was exiled. I know what Liscor’s army’s relationship is with the Antinium but—they’re not all monsters. Neither are all Goblins. It took me a while to realize that myself.”
“That is correct. I am not listed as a monster in the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“Not helping, Ksmvr.”
Embria was shaking her head. She took a step backwards, glaring at both Yvlon and Ksmvr, her body taut.
“I don’t care. I know my enemies, and Goblins and Antinium don’t get a pass for being different. They’re both species that have nearly wiped out Liscor and my people—you have no idea what that thing is capable of.”
“No?”
A touch of fire entered Yvlon’s yes. She held an arm blocking Embria. The Drake lowered her spear’s tip, but she still glared at Ksmvr.
“No.”
“No.”
Both females looked at Ksmvr. The Antinium adventurer nodded.
“Wing Commander Embria is quite correct. You do not know the full capacity of my abilities, Yvlon. I have been trying to educate you. But Wing Commander Embria’s hostility is quite understandable.”
“No, it’s not.”
Yvlon folded her arms, glaring between Ksmvr and Embria now. She turned to him.
“Your people may have invaded Izril, Ksmvr, but you killed no one. And the Antinium helped save Liscor. Surely that earns them a small pass? Humans and Gnolls have both been at war with the Drakes, and I didn’t see Commander Embria instantly threaten me when I approached. No Antinium has killed a Drake in a decade. Can’t we be civil?”
She looked pointedly at the Drake in question. Embria took a deep breath.
“No, we can not. You’re the one who doesn’t understand, Miss Byres. The Antinium are not another species on Izril who can be reasoned with. They are cold, insectile strangers. And I’ve killed Antinium before.”
The [Warrior] paused.
“How do you mean? From Liscor’s Hive?”
Embria laughed.
