Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 14
“Lord Kallinad! Are you shipshape? I just need a moment, sir.”
A knock at the door. Captain Lasc came in as Will called out. The [Storm Captain], a hardened man from the sea, but not as bulky as you might expect—even lean, and young, for a man of his rank, saluted slightly. Wil might have been young, and he might have been a guest, but Lasc often worked for the Kallinad family.
“Just wanted to have a word after the dive.”
“I’m sure the crew is upset, Captain Lasc—”
The man smiled slightly, a slightly unfamiliar action to him. And he tried to moderate the tone of command that was his by right.
“Don’t worry, sir. The crew looks at this as easy, paid work. You won’t get any trouble from them and it’s a fine attempt.”
Captain Lasc looked cheerful, having already resigned himself to finding little on this voyage. It was a good way to be. Not so for Wil.
“Thank you, Captain. We have only three more spots to go. Then we can proceed to Izril. Perhaps a stop at the House of Minos?”
“As you wish, Lord Kallinad. My crew is willing for all of it. Just wanted to let you know.”
The door clicked shut on Lasc’s heels. Yerra spoke after a moment.
“Well, he’s cheerful.”
“He gets paid either way. But…my family won’t be as pleased.”
Wil buried his head in his hands. It was Feshi who thoughtfully spoke up after a moment. The Gnoll looked from Wil to the others.
“You know, Wil. If nothing is found on this voyage, the Professor’s list was all wrong. Not even a bit of treasure? I think he would be as upset as you. And he might…offer you whatever it is you didn’t get for your family if that turned out to be the case.”
The others looked at her, surprised. Wil’s head rose slowly.
“He wouldn’t. Would he?”
“He’s prideful. He wanted to give you an adventure and if you didn’t get it? You could…negotiate.”
“Negotiate with the professor? For a gesture made with all his knowledge?”
Venaz looked horrified by the thought—and then thoughtful. Wil looked up.
“But that would be—”
“It’s the Titan’s secret. If it’s a trash secret, ask for a refund. Feshi, you’re a genius!”
Yerranola laughed. The Gnoll smiled to herself.
“You know him. He is generous, yes? It’s worth bearing in mind.”
That, more than anything seemed to cheer Wil up. He looked around.
“Well—well—we don’t know the other locations are a dud.”
“But if there are, we have backup. Rhir’s hell, Feshi! That’s genius! And it’s what the Professor would approve of. Let’s—hey, let’s send him a [Message]! Just tell him that and ask what he says.”
“No. That would be—”
“He’d love it, Wil! I bet he’d bring it up in class and ask the others what they’d do!”
“That’s an excellent idea. I wish I’d had it. We can all draft the [Message]. Make him the bet—”
“And if it goes wrong, it was Venaz’s idea.”
Peki put in. Everyone stared at the Garuda’s sly look and burst out laughing. In a great humor, they began drafting the letter. And Wil smiled. But he paused.
“Three more places.”
The downed ship of Archmage Zelkyr. The possible resting place of the Diamond Swords of Serept. A Dragonship.
Each one a treasure to make your skin tingle. But…Wil smiled. Maybe it was the Titan’s lesson after all. But he joined the others in composing a [Message] spell that night. After all—
It never hurt to ask.
And far below the ship where the six students composed a [Message] that did indeed put Niers Astoragon in stitches—and wonder if his information really was that poor—a similar conversation was being had.
An underwater ship, crewed by Drowned People was following The Emerald Signet. But they’d stopped to check something.
