Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 0

(I will be taking part in an online panel on r/Fantasy on the 23rd of April! Find out more here!)
 
As was his wont, Niers Astoragon was taking private time for himself, rather than moving from city to city to conduct surprise inspections, or managing his company, teaching his students, or the thousand and one things he liked to do to keep himself occupied.
In fact—free time was something he was notoriously averse to. But of late, he’d been regularly scheduling break-time in which anyone interrupting him was immediately attacked—usually with a thrown pencil or the nearest object at hand.
Of course, those close to him knew the Fraerling’s good mood was because his Go board had arrived. And his opponent and the world’s most famous [Strategist] now regularly played—and communicated.
It was their thing. And the Titan was in a good mood. For a while. But he liked to be too complex for any one singular emotion at a time. And the game with his opponent aside—he was a bit perturbed.
“Peclir. Where’s the files on…Talenqual?”
The Fraerling was exasperatedly sorting through the notes in one of his miniature file cabinets as the [Chamberlain] walked in to serve Niers a cup of tea.
Not, in fact, a Titan-sized cup which was in fact a tiny cup made for Fraerlings, but a regular, Human-sized cup of tea. Niers could eat and drink his body weight as could all Fraerlings due to their unnatural and magical constitutions. However…it was still a lot of caffeine.
“Bottom drawer, third cabinet from the left, sir. If you haven’t changed your filing system.”
“Ah. Thanks.”
The Titan grunted as he yanked open a drawer. He rifled through the files and pulled one out. Then he glanced up.
“Put the cup there, Peclir. Thanks.”
“Trouble, sir?”
“Just your usual annoyances. The Flying Brigade, eh?”
Niers busied himself with his reports until Peclir had put down the tea and left. Only then did the Titan check to make sure the door was closed, sweep the room twice with one of his numerous seeing spells for any observers, magical or otherwise. And after that he still murmured to himself in a low tone of voice.
He trusted Peclir; the man was an essential part of the headquarters of the Forgotten Wing company. However—Niers hadn’t confided this with Foliana yet. It was too close. Too…vast.
And yet—she hadn’t arrived.
Niers Astoragon sighed. Peclir himself had made the arrangements, through Venaz, at Niers’ request. It had been just a whim, born of Daquin and a chance encounter with a City Runner—well, a [Rower] named Luan.
“Send the Last Light of Baleros here. How hard could it be?”
Niers flipped through the reports, organized by date. He frowned.
“Something must have prevented her from making the scheduled meeting.”
He’d kept tabs, as he did with the guest speakers or visitors to his academy. He liked to bring in any number of people, from [Veterans] who could share their experiences on the front lines to active-duty [Commanders] to [Mages], and so on. After all, his students would become the best in the world and Niers Astoragon intended them to learn from a variety of sources, including himself.
Ordinarily, the famed [Doctor] and member of the United Nations company, Geneva Scala, would have arrived to lecture or demonstrate her abilities, as Peclir had arranged. There was even a travel expense and fee for her presentation, obviously. But she’d cancelled at the last minute, refunded the fee. The question was: why?
