Interlude – The Great Race
Page 15
Drakes…with the oddest headwear he’d ever seen. It was a kind of helmet that covered their shoulders, a kind of protective gear that was closer to a second-skin than a traditional helmet. The distinctive covering was also compounded by the riders themselves.
Some sat in wagons, but most rode—ponies. Not horses. The shaggy animals were laden with packs and goods, and the Drakes were smiling and waving. They carried slings, and some had staffs or simple spears. In that sense, they might be warriors—but they didn’t have steel like Pallass’ forces.
“Who…? Who are they?”
Temile had no idea. Even the [Guards] on the walls only knew this group by their designations—allies in the war against the Hectval Alliance. Only one Drake looked around, saw the thousand Drakes descending on the city, and broke into a cold sweat.
“No. No. No, not them!”
Relc backed away, claws in his earholes. He fled into the city, but it was too late.
A thousand Yoldenites were headed straight for Liscor’s southern gates as Temile watched. But hardly in silence. Their laughter and odd calls were punctuated by a strange sound.
The sound was—a rider easily sitting in a pony’s saddle up front. His feet were almost touching the ground, but the Drake had both his claws holding something.
It was a guitar. At least, one variation on the classic stringed instrument so common among cultures. He was strumming on it, a fast, energetic song, and a female Drake was dueting with him in the band of a thousand. In fact, several dozen had stringed instruments, even lutes they began to play.
Temile’s mouth opened wider as the chatter fell silent. He had just one thought in his head: Numbtongue was going to be so upset he missed this.
But even he couldn’t have predicted what would happen next. For, as the caravan reached the city gates and Drassi raised her scrying orb, they began to sing.
A thousand Drakes looked up, listening to the merry tune as it filled the air. They looked at Liscor’s walls, and at the staring Gnolls, Drakes, and Humans. They stared back—but then, as one, raised their heads.
Question. Had you ever seen, or rather, heard a Drake singing? Aside from national anthems, it was a rare sight. But now, as one, the Yoldenites raised their heads.
And their voices blended together in the most incredible choir that Temile had heard in his life.
“♪Ooooh. Oooooh, oooh oo~♬”
There were no words at first, just a combined voice as the first wagon rolled past a Silverfang Gnoll of the plains who craned his neck and pinched himself hard to see if he were dreaming.
Then the Yoldenites began truly singing. The female Drakes began first.
 
“They’ll look high and then look low—
—But we’re higher than you’ll know
When we draw our slings they’ll hear us cry.”
 
A trio of Lizardfolk hid behind Hexel as the Lamia looked around to see if someone was pulling a prank on him. Young men and women Drakes waved at the Lamia as they passed. Then the men, young and old, took over.
 
“A Walled City’s got a few neat sights
But you’ve never seen a wall like ours
Yayde Re—keep a helmet on your head!”
 
Both sides joined in on that part, that famous greeting from the Drake city of Yolden. By now, they were on Pallass’ news network as Noass and Sir Relz stared in the same dead silence.
Like Liscor and most of the world. Even the most worldly of Drakes like Sir Relz might know of Hectval—but not Yolden except as a joke.
Well, the joke had a song. And it was quite beautiful and patriotic in its way. If you managed to get to the words.
