Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 22
The liquid shone, with a vibrancy and magic that made the other [Alchemist] stop. Instantly. Saliss focused on the jar as Octavia offered it to him. The younger [Alchemist] was trembling as she spoke.
“I think this is a Potion of Haste. Master Saliss—what do you have to trade me for it?”
She waited. And on this moment, all things turned. Saliss stared at the magical potion Octavia had gotten from Ryoka, that she’d never duplicated. He stared at it, in silence, and then at Octavia. And then he exhaled.
Slowly.
“I don’t take apprentices. But I guess I could show you some stuff, when I’m not adventuring. Let me get some of my recipes from my shop and we’ll haggle. Word to the wise? Haggle with me.”
He reached out and carefully patted Octavia on the shoulder. Her eyes went wide. Saliss turned. He walked towards the door and paused.
“Well?”
She stared at his back. Saliss winked at her. And he grinned.
“Are you coming? My shop has all the cool things. Yours is nonexistent right now. Let me show you how to make invisibility potions. The trick is watching out when the potion itself becomes invisible. Don’t forget it’s there. Also, you can mix it with water and it’s hilarious. Come on.”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice and Lyonette stared as Saliss came down the steps to the inn. Octavia was following him, clutching a little glass jar filled with a glowing liquid. And she had a staring expression.
Erin had seen it a few times. But she was looking at Saliss much the same way. The Drake stretched.
“It’s been fun, everyone! But I’m going back to Pallass real quick. I’m borrowing your [Alchemist], Erin. I’ll bring her back! But I’m going to trade for some of her rare stuff. Darn, I guess I’ve gotta pay for that door to recharge.”
He snapped his claws.
“Hey, you know what that door to Pallass needs? More rechargability! I bet you’d get a lot more guests if they could come through without having to wait or pay for a [Mage]. Huh? What do you think?”
Saliss of Lights look around. The others just stared at him.
“No? Well, what do I know? I’m not an [Innkeeper].”
He shrugged, and then strolled towards the double doors leading to the hallway. Saliss paused and looked back at the inn.
“I’ll drop by another time, huh?”
“Sure. And when you do—put on a towel?”
Erin mustered a reply. She saw Saliss grin, and laugh.
“Is that a ‘never’, then?”
The young woman put her hands on her hips.
“Maybe just a splash of invisibility potion?”
Saliss guffawed. He beckoned to Octavia, waved at Erin, and turned. He laughed as he walked towards the door.
“I really like this place. Tonight I’m gonna dance on Xif’s rooftop. He might actually cry.”
And then he was gone. Octavia babbled something about the opportunity of a lifetime and ran after him. And Erin saw Lyonette looking at her.
“That is a Named Adventurer. Erin, I know Grimalkin and Chaldion are one thing, but do you think he’s…sane?”
Erin paused. She looked after Saliss. And she didn’t have Lyonette’s reservations. No, something else rose in Erin, then.
It was a stirring feeling in her chest. And she spoke automatically.
“I like him. I want to be best friends.”
Lyonette stared at Erin. She opened her mouth—and then closed it. Because…the words were frivolous at first. A joke. But then you had to look at Erin. And think.
How many people had she said that about? How many people called themselves Erin’s friends? So many. But how many had she ever said—that about?
