Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 1
Emptying your bladder with magic was even dumber. Firstly, Palt was not confident enough to teleport a liquid out of his body. Or siphon it? And what would he do with it, shoot it out the window? Just get a damn chamber pot! Again—Palt needed to buy one. He was not about to ruin his bag of holding over—
Someone was awake downstairs. The Centaur’s rant about how he couldn’t cast [Levitation] and how would he fit through a window came to a stop as his sleep-addled mind focused on someone sitting in The Wandering Inn’s common room.
“…Montressa?”
The Human [Aegiscaster] was sitting in a chair next to a table. She…was sitting by a candle. Nothing magical, no [Light] spell. She didn’t really react as Palt finally got to the floor and trotted over.
“It’s late. I didn’t expect to see you up.”
“Is that you, Palt?”
Montressa finally turned her head and stared at him, sounding very far away. Palt stopped in front of her. He recognized her vacant look at once. Also—the smell.
“Have you been smoking? That’s not one of my cigars.”
The young woman blinked at Palt.
“…Are you here, Palt?”
The Centaur [Illusionist] stared at Montressa. He felt at his face.
He just wanted to go to the outhouse. But that kind of question deserved some kind of answer.
“Yes, Montressa. Is something the matter?”
The [Mage] nodded slowly. Then hesitated—and nodded again. Hesitated—nodded once more…
“Did I nod?”
“Yes. Three times.”
“Really? I don’t think I did. Did I?”
The Centaur looked around. He did a little dance on his hooves, and then sighed.
“I can see this is going to take a moment. Give me five—give me one minute. I need to pee.”
“Okay…?”
The Centaur hurried out of the common room. Lesson #1 of Palt Crisis Management: go pee first. You never knew when things would get hairy and how long you’d be caught up.
 
—-
 
“I don’t believe…tomorrow is real. Or yesterday. It’s a huge problem, Pelt.”
“Palt.”
Montressa stared blankly at the Centaur. She spoke, very determinedly, trying to get something across to him.
He was feeling more relaxed, less urgent. Now, Palt could decipher why one of his friends was sitting in the common room, looking—well—stratospheric at the moment.
“You don’t believe what’s real, Montressa?”
“Everything. Is—am I a [Mage] of Wistram?”
“Yes…are you doubting that?”
The [Mage] nodded seriously and gave Palt a wide-eyed look.
“I don’t believe it’s real. I know it should be! But—did I really meet this [Necromancer] character who got kicked out of school? And a half-Elf? And…and…and…is Wistram really ruled by Golems? That’s…not real, is it?”
“According to most people, yes. What have you been smoking?”
Palt liked to think he knew drugs. You could even call him a bit of an expert on the subject. And this looked like a Grade-A bad high to him. He checked Montressa’s eyes, the way she was unsteady as she tried to track him with her entire body…
“Not Dreamleaf, then. Same family, though. Might be Arrowsmoke. Montressa, this is important. What were you smoking? Eating? Where’s Bezale?”
It bothered him Montressa had clearly been in touch with something strong and chemical—and it hadn’t come from him! What was the point of travelling with Palt if you weren’t going to make him your source of cigars, edibles, and so on? Disloyalty, that was what it was. And here was the result.
“Montressa, Bezale?”
“She’s…somewhere. I think. Is she real?”
The Centaur resisted the urge to smack his friend. It might help, though. Him, at least. He raised a fist and then sighed.
“Montressa, who gave you this? It wasn’t me. Eaten, drunk? Some other method of ingestion?”
