Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 14
Paragons. Perfect in every respect, the product of both breeding, Skills…the Ekhtouch tribe was known for the superiority of their tribe members. They claimed to be the best at whatever they did, by virtue of heritage. They valued only the best craftsmanship. And their export, along with that skill, was generally marriages into other tribes.
Inkar saw in a moment why Eska and some Gnolls really disliked hanging out with the Ekhtouch tribe. ‘Superior’ was a good way of defining how they dealt with members outside their tribe.
That kind of mentality made Inkar extremely uncomfortable for reasons you needed a history of Earth to explain, but she waited through the introductions that involved a bit of sniffing and greetings between tribes. As all three began to mingle over food, she saw the Ekhtouch seemed reluctant to mingle outside of their tribe.
However, the new smells soon attracted them. The Longstalkers had all of the foods Inkar had shown them how to make on display. A bit of one-upmanship between tribes.
Although…as Inkar bit into her first bite, she decided the freshly-grown produce of the Greenpaw tribe made everything so much better. The Longstalkers had a very carnivorous diet, and Inkar, who wasn’t averse to meat, had craved more leaves in her life much to their amusement.
“Greetings, Longstalker Tribe. Would you allow us to share in your interesting meal?”
One of the Ekhtouch warriors, in his prime, eighteen, but taller than any Gnoll around Inkar, approached their sitting ground. Inkar’s friend, Orreh, instantly stood to greet him. He was extremely attractive, or so Orreh’s body language indicated to Inkar.
“Well met. I am Orreh, [Stalker Hunter] of the Longstalker’s Fang tribe. Whom among the Ekhtouch do we have the honor of meeting?”
The Gnoll nodded to her slightly. He had carmine-red fur, more vibrant than any other Gnoll’s fur in that spectrum Inkar had seen. He also carried a longbow that seemed smaller on his broad back, and a shortsword.
“I am Hunter Ekrinish of the Ekhtouch. The honor is mine, Stalker Orreh. That is to say…a [Peerless Hunter].”
“Peerless?”
Inkar stirred at the interesting addition to the otherwise standard class. Ekrinish straightened even more.
“Yes. It is a class I have won by my unmatched ability. So named because I have bested every other [Hunter] in a competition of skill that challenged me, yes?”
Orreh’s smile wavered a bit. She looked uncertain whether she should be impressed or dubious at the clear arrogance in the other Gnoll’s voice. Some of the male Gnolls not-quite-glared at the Ekhtouch representative. But with tact, Orreh gestured at the fire and food.
“Our Human friend, she has helped us make these dishes we share with three tribes tonight. We welcome you to our repast. Our tribe is open to yours. Hunter Ekrinish, would you care to share a drink if time allows tonight? A Glass Eye, perhaps?”
He brightened at that. A Glass Eye was one of the Gnollish drinks that were a staple of most Izrilian alcohols, along with the Drake’s potent Firebreath Whiskey. Named after the Plain’s Eye tribe, it was a transparent, deceptively strong drink. If you drank it like water, you’d be on your back before you knew what hit you.
Inkar preferred the Velrusk Claw, lower in alcohol content, purple, thick, savory. More like a mead except less sweet. Very nice to have with snacks.
However, even here the [Peerless Hunter] managed to spoil the mood. He shifted his bow to look at his Chieftain and nodded to Orreh and the others.
