Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 15
The Dullahan turned even redder at her wink. Erin felt a bit hot around the ears. She looked at Mrsha—but Mrsha was a Plains Gnoll. And she was totally uninterested. She hopped up onto a bar stool and stared at the Dwarf.
Pelt was older than Dawil. He was also grumpier than Dawil. Drassi leaned over the bar as Pelt motioned for another whiskey.
“Hey, Pelt, right? Do you know Dawil by any chance? He’s the only Dwarf I’ve ever met. Member of the Silver Swords?”
The [Smith] paused in reaching for another drink. He stared at Drassi and his eyes widened.
“Dawil? You mean, the Dawil? The adventurer? The one who won the axe-throwing competition in the mountains back at home?”
“You know him?”
Pelt nodded.
“Of course I do. Listen up. Dawil is—”
He waited until Drassi leaned over, then shouted in her earhole.
“Another damn Dwarf! What do I care? Serve me my drinks and fuck off!”
Drassi recoiled. She glared at Pelt as he downed another drink. The Dwarf laughed to himself as Drassi huffed over to Selys. Then he turned his head. A pair of brown eyes in a white-furred face stared at him.
“Eh?”
Pelt recoiled from Mrsha. He stared at her. The Gnoll cub stared silently back. At Pelt. Then at the complimentary bowl of peanuts. Roasted with a bit of sugar and then salted. The Dwarf stared at Mrsha. He vaguely tried to shoo her off.
“I don’t like brats. Get lost.”
Mrsha stared at him. Pelt noticed her looking at the bowl.
“You want this? Take it and go away.”
He shoved it towards her. Mrsha grabbed the bowl and vanished. Pelt was clearly a good Dwarf. Best Dwarf. Mrsha scampered over to Seborn and Moore to share her prize. Apista flew over and grabbed a peanut. Because even a bee wanted a beer snack.
“It’s random if you don’t have a charm to ward against pregnancy or buy one that encourages it. Mine was random. Gotta be careful!”
Relc was talking to the table about sex. A conversation that would have probably done the impossible and wiped Embria’s smile off her face if she’d been here. Erin was laughing. Maughin looked like he wanted to be anywhere else.
“Don’t tell me, Relc! At least we’re safe! The other cities are really fighting?”
“Oh yes. Pallass embarrassing itself by letting an Antinium and the Wyverns onto its walls are just as important as the rest. Why do you think the Wings and Grimalkin and everyone else are nowhere to be seen? They’ll argue about it, but I think you’re fine. At least for now.”
Lasica rolled her eyes, exasperated. Rufelt had to nod along.
“The Walled Cities are always competing. But then—Drakes. You know the saying, surely?”
Erin glanced around the table as Lasica elbowed her husband. Maughin, Jelaqua, and Beilmark, who’d come over since she wasn’t part of the Council, all laughed.
“Wait, what saying?”
Rufelt looked at Erin, eyes twinkling as his wife glared. Relc was just laughing.
“There’s a saying about Drakes. If the entire world was reduced to dust and there were two Drakes left, they’d fight over who had the most dust, yes?”
The [Chef] glared, but Erin laughed with everyone else. Then she frowned.
“I’ve heard that one, actually!”
“Wait—wait, I know another!”
An eager voice rang out. Erin saw a female Gnoll waving a paw. Only—it wasn’t a Gnoll. It was Ulinde! The newest member of the Halfseekers was happier than Erin had ever seen her. She spoke, laughter in her voice.
“Okay. Do you know how to tell the difference between a Drake and a Lizardperson?”
“Hey!”
Relc glared. Erin pushed him in the shoulder.
“No, how?”
“Drakes are the ones who complain about being asked!”
