Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 2
“He ran right towards us, of all the bad luck. We could have let the scavengers get to him—maybe they would have eaten him, and left, if they didn’t decide to occupy his rotting corpse for the next two months. You can imagine the stink, I think? I don’t believe the air filters would keep that out!”
The Farspeaker turned green. Guidance opened her mouth, but Ekrn went on.
“And that’s all assuming the scavengers didn’t notice, as they were sitting about, the fact that we’re way over our allotment! If that happened, it would be fighting in all the entrances. Armies of ants, roaches, and that’s before the big ones came in. We already had to kill a cat—”
All the Architects flinched. Ekrn went on.
“—so I need authorization, now, to deal with the Human.”
They looked at him, uncomprehending. If only the Skywatcher were here. Ekrn sighed.
His immediate superior was on an important mission—the Gathering Run. That was why a lot of Tallguard weren’t here, including all the ones who could make the call. Ekrn wouldn’t have wasted time coming up here, but he was only a [Sentry Leader]. He really couldn’t make the call.
They didn’t get that, of course. Citivican Loust spluttered very much the same question.
“I appreciate the Architects have superiority over the Tallguard—even if it feels very much like we are rarely consulted and only lectured from time to time—but why do you feel the need to march up here, threatening people with swords and ask for our opinion?”
“Because, Architects, [Sentry Leader] is not of sufficient rank to make decisions for the city, which dealing with the Human is. Ekrn of the Tallguard—which outpost do you claim?”
Guidance spoke, and now Ekrn looked at her. She knew the code? He studied her, top to toe, and saw, at last, how she was different.
The Fraerlings up here were all paler. Oh, they had all shades of skin, but it was always a touch less suntanned—well, not suntanned at all, not like Tallguard, who stayed in natural light. If there was tanning, it was artificial. They had soft skin. That was how Ekrn thought of it. They wore no armor, and stared at his gear and sword like he was a [Barbarian].
The clue that Guidance was different was subtle, but now he looked it was there. Her hair was striped, a pinkish red with dark brown. Possibly hereditary; more likely than not she’d had it done. The Farspeaker had hair like a whirlwind, purple twirled up in a spiral that had to have cut into his vurel to keep it up; even a gel couldn’t have kept the hair like that.
Enchantment or not, it wouldn’t have lasted five seconds in the outside world. None of them had ever been there, of course. Except that Guidance…maybe.
She had a scar running down one arm. Not wholly unusual; accidents did happen, but Ekrn realized it was too jagged to be a machine-cut, and on the measure…
“Trainee?”
“Failed. My name is Heish, Sentry Leader. Guidance Heish, which I’m sure you knew.”
She smiled and it all clicked. Guidance Heish saw Ekrn blush and study his muddy boots for a moment. Then he looked up.
“You’re correct, Guidance Heish. To your question: I’m Tallguard of Feiland. I can’t decide the Human’s fate because it is a matter for Paeth, even though I’m bound to defend it. If it were more urgent…”
His moderation of tone and explanation made the Architects finally relax a bit. The Alchimeer sat forwards, nodding.
“Well then, Sentry Leader. What are our options? We obviously can’t have a Tallfolk around—and this Human—do they know we’re here?”
Ekrn winced.
“I’m afraid so. He saw us fighting.”
