Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 18
“Even then, Lord Alchremm. I adore what I have here, and beg your forgiveness.”
The [Lord] was hurt beyond words and rose to leave. However, it was the Emir Yazdil who bade him stay. He was most upset, and spoke to the [Lord] and his [Slave] thusly.
“Lord Alchremm. I beg your forgiveness, as I meant to send one of my finest servants, Chenera, to be a fitting escort about Roshal. She is superior in all ways, as you noticed. Her will is her own, however, even now, and I cannot gainsay that. But as a token of friendship, I offer her to you as a [Slave], then.”
The [Lord] was most taken aback, and still hurt and vengeful. He did not respond then, but later in the day, he accompanied the woman back to his ship, which would set sail for Terandria.
The other Emirs were most confused by the turn of events. When one, accompanied by the Emir Darsul, reproached Yazdil for not demanding something in return, the Naga was apparently celebrating with his close friends. He looked up and answered the angry Emirs.
“Lord Alchremm has freed Chenera, as he vowed. Yet she is herself a [Slave] and even if he does marry her—which I doubt—I do not believe she will change who she is. I will wager you, Emir Mydre, that Lord Alchremm will return to us within four months and have changed his mind. For he now owns a [Slave] by a different name.”
And such was his conviction that all the Emirs believed him. Soon thereafter, it was said that Lord Alchremm had scandalized his kingdom by owning [Slaves]. And Emir Yazdil was said to be most contented by the news.
 
—-
 
Fetohep of Khelt toured his treasury on the sixth day.
The wonders of Khelt, which he had shown only a fraction of to Trey and Teres lay open to him. Each artifact a marvel; treasures like the Diamond Swords of Serept made or acquired by rulers of old in plenty.
He himself had added to that collection, paying vast sums for artifacts. After all, gold came and went, but objects of old kept their value. When danger came to Khelt, they would be used unstintingly.
“During the Creler Wars, you see, Trey, King Razzimir hesitated long over unleashing the full sum of Khelt’s vast armories. His journal I possess; I shall allow you to read of it later. He writes of his regret, that caused so many of Khelt’s own and Chandrar’s nations to fall as Crelers grew in strength.”
Fetohep turned his head. He saw the young man…
It occurred to the ruler that he might have a problem. He banished the spectre of friendship from his mind. But continued the monologue nonetheless.
“I understand his hesitation, in truth. He unleashed arrows, potions for his [Generals] and those of Chandrarian nations fighting the plague. He gave artifacts away, and they were lost destroying the foul things. Potions that could not be replaced, used in an instant, to little effect sometimes. But it had to be done. We of Khelt guard our treasures that we might spend them like water when the need arises. But it does seem…Dragon-like, does it not?”
He stared at the armory of weapons, each glittering in its place. No hands to use them. His perception as undead ruler was that this was necessary. But would the man, Fetohep, have agreed?
“I am Fetohep of Khelt. By my will—unseal the Apothricarium.”
He walked out of the armory and came to another place. The undead guards, who were cut far above mere skeletons, watched even him. Fetohep walked past them as the magical barriers unsealed.
