Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 32
She pointed. Olesm hesitated. He didn’t know the other adventurers as well as…Ceria and the Horns. He ducked his head.
“Oh, well, thank you.”
He walked past them. As she did, Bezale leaned over to Montressa.
“Who was that? Not one of Erin’s regulars. You know him, Montressa?”
The [Aegiscaster] whispered back, a bit too loudly.
“No idea. He might be new. You know, Erin makes a lot of friends.”
The [Strategist]’s shoulders hunched. He stopped heading over to the adventurers and scuttled back to his table. Then he put his head down.
“Strategist Olesm of Liscor. That’s me. New guest of the inn.”
He muttered into the table. And only the [Lady] with fire in her hair heard him. Olesm waved for a drink. Why had it all gone wrong? He’d just tried to do what was best for Liscor. And the worst part?
He’d been right. But it hadn’t been enough. The Antinium. Olesm clenched one claw into a fist. What was he supposed to do? Be nice to them?
They could wipe out Liscor. He was supposed to be one of the people who would stop them from doing that. But how did you stop The Black Tide?
He was no Zel Shivertail. And now—Erin didn’t even speak to him anymore. Olesm tried to cure this with the only medicine he had.
Lots and lots of alcohol.
 
—-
 
She walked, aflame, through the City of Inventions. The invisible fire flickered by moonlight. But she kept it burning. She let it feed on her.
Erin Solstice welcomed the flame. She didn’t need to be happy now. She didn’t want to put a smile on what Magnolia Reinhart had done.
She wanted to hate. She’d lost again. And Magnolia Reinhart would pay.
Take the hatred. Let it burn her. Let it become her weapon. Erin Solstice walked up the steps, and people flinched away from her.
The [Innkeeper] was weak. But her fire—it could be a weapon. One that could burn even Magnolia’s smile away. Erin wanted to hurt her.
So she walked, along the 9th floor. And she thought of all the ways you could hurt someone. Stab them, burn them, pull out their eyes. Burn their faces off with oil.
Some people deserved to die. That was what the fire whispered to her. And Erin agreed. She wanted a weapon. So she walked towards the one who could make it for her.
The Dwarf. Why hadn’t she carried an acid jar on her? She could have thrown it at Magnolia. What would happen if Ressa tried to block that? Could you pump it through a hose? A sprinkler?
No one was going to take her friends from her again. And this fire—this was power. Like the night she had made the faerie’s meal. Erin felt the power coursing through her.
Because her magic was intention, will, emotion. And the moment. One of the moons shone down on her. The other was shrouded, dark.
“Give me a knife.”
Pelt had said he could forge something far better than the steel knife she carried. Erin wanted it. Use her flame. And give her a knife that could cut.
His forge was still lit, a small glow among the few other forges at night. He was still there. Erin’s darkest voices whispered in her head.
 
Make me a knife made of hatred and flame. To cut away my weakness, my enemies, my shame. 
 
“Pelt. Where are you?”
Erin strode into the forge. She saw a single flame, lit in one of the forges. Just for light. An anvil shone. There was a tiny, pointed chisel, lying on top of it. The tip was as fine as could be. Erin looked around.
“Pelt! I want—”
 
Give me a weapon to make a monster out of me. A weapon so terrible the world will flee—
 
And then she found him. Erin Solstice halted. The Dwarf was lying on his back, behind the anvil. Erin’s eyes went round. Pelt held a small mallet in one hand.
