Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 2)
Page 30
He had mastered both elements to that—lightning boomed. The Radiance Golem, aiming another arrow, was blasted apart for a second, its core exposed. Eldavin made a grabbing gesture, but before he could shatter it, the Duelist Golem leapt in a jet of flame.
“The Heartflame Boots! Your master stole the treasure of his people to guard his petty desires!”
“Silence! Die! You have to die!”
Cognita scaled the ice, digging her fingers into the magical fortress. Eldavin saw the Duelist Golem whirl its swords as it landed on the platform. The Shadowflesh Golem was stalking with [Greater Invisibility], to strike him when he fled!
He did not flee. The Dragon saw the Duelist Golem brandishing its swords, armored like a Named Adventurer. He snapped twice. They thought that was a sword? They thought that was skill, the art of the blade?
The Golem saw him reach out. The Dragon drew something from the air. A glowing weapon that made the two blades it held pale by comparison. Made of pure magic. He bellowed.
“[剑圣 – 心火之刃]!”
Cognita didn’t—she stared up.
“Drathian mag—”
Eldavin cut the Duelist Golem’s arm off. It reeled and he ran the blade through its chest.
“A petty little [Thief]! Those boots were worn by his people’s heroes! They do not belong here!”
He reached down, to sunder the Golem’s legs as it flailed. Cognita reached the dais of ice. She moved faster than lightning—Eldavin hit the ground as his fortress shattered. His ribs—
Up. The Truestone Golem wavered as Eldavin rose to his feet, levitating upwards until he landed. He clutched at his ribs as the damaged Golems rallied.
“He abandoned you.”
“He will return.”
“No.”
The Dragon’s eyes were still too knowing. He looked straight through her. Reached out. He was erasing the spells in her! Cognita charged, but he blinked out of existence, floated above the next strike. He wasn’t trying to kill them! He was—
“Parents should love their offspring. Zelkyr only loved you until he beheld your flaws, chasing perfection without even stopping to see your soul.”
“We were incomplete! Imperfect, we broke!”
“You lived! Did you think he was never surpassed?”
Eldavin dove, burning, as the Radiance Golem struck at him. He threw it off him, sucked the Duelist Golem into a vortex and spat it into the Armor Golem’s chest. He breathed fire onto the Shadowflesh Golem, blood running down his arm. He raised an arm—
Cognita struck it, and felt the bones break. Even then—he pointed, and the lines of her soul began to vanish. Terrified, she attacked.
The half-Elf refused to flee. He was panting now, as he shielded himself with countless barrier spells, working, desperately as Cognita tore them to shreds.
“If he had succeeded, do you know what he would have made? He would have reached a new peak—created a people, a new species! Enslaved, until they cried out for freedom! Stitch Folk were children like you!”
He fell back, the spells shattering. Cognita felt something vanishing. She cried out, as her arm turned to Truegold. Her legs the shining speed-stone, her body shifting.
“Why are you doing all of this?”
“BECAUSE I WANT YOU TO LIVE. I have seen your death! I want you to live!”
He screamed at her. If only he had said it from the start. He saw her, unsure of the future, chained down by herself and magic. He had seen it before.
The last lines were flickering. They’d rewrite themselves if he didn’t remove it all! Eldavin lifted his hand.
“Cognita. Enough.”
He saw her arm raise. She charged, across the room. Like thunder given form. Eldavin wavered.
He closed his eyes, and cut her link.
