Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 19
Was it all coincidence? Of course not. There were other important events taking place. Other confluences which were fateful, or just mere chance that melded together. But Shassa had not met Mrsha by accident. They were two of a kind.
And so—perhaps inevitably, as both walked back, full of trepidation, they turned down a street. The Drake and Gnoll’s heads rose. They glanced at each other. And then they stared at a crowd, shouting ahead of them.
The people of Invrisil surrounded something. There was screaming, shouts for the Watch. Mrsha and Shassa pushed forwards. Mrsha felt something. Blinding rage. She heard someone begging for someone else to stop, a thud.
And then she saw a man. His beard was wild, his robes covered with nature, poo, and other things. It was ratty, and he himself smelled like…nature. He had a staff—not decorated like Shassa’s.
Well, unless you counted blood. The man was standing over a figure on the ground. Another woman—a young wife or lover—was trying to pull him back.
The young man on the other hand wasn’t moving. He’d been beaten bloody, and the man was kicking him. A horse was standing to one side, blood on the fur. Mrsha saw spurs on the young man’s boots.
“Stop! Someone call the Watch!”
The man ignored him. Quite deliberately, Nalthaliarstrelous, keeper of Magnolia Reinhart’s gardens, raised his staff and began to beat the nearly-unconscious young man. People tried to pull him off and he began to lay about him with his staff.
Shassa Weaverweb and Mrsha du Marquin stared at Nalthaliarstrelous. The man was hurling curses, roaring like an animal as the crowd backed up. He was preparing to swing again when his head turned.
“What…?”
He looked up and met their eyes. And Mrsha felt the same shock of recognition as the first time she’d seen him. Now she understood. Nalthaliarstrelous lowered his staff. He looked at Shassa. And she bowed. Mrsha saw the man look at her. And she finally, finally got it as she heard his voice in her mind.
Well met again, little friend.
The man bowed.  He, Shassa, Mrsha—
They were all [Druids].
 
—-
 
[Druids] were rude. Not just individually; as a class. There was something about [Druids] that clashed with most other sensibilities. Of course, they were focused around nature, like [Shamans], but where [Shamans] could be said to work and respect the natural world, [Druids] lived with it. They cared.
So…rude. The kind of rude that ranged from petting your cat since the cat was okay with it, to rummaging about in your gardens and making alterations without your consent, to causing a sinkhole to swallow a [Lord]’s mansion when he refused to stop overhunting.
That kind of rude. They were perfectly respectful of course; their definition of whom to respect just differed from most people. And anyways, there were other groups far, far ruder than [Druids].
One of the last of them stood now in Magnolia Reinhart’s estates. Yawning, he pointed. And a magical carriage, garishly pink, turned into a crimson red coach, highlighted by black and gold on the trim. It looked fast.
“Grand Mage Eldavin! Lady Reinhart was most insistent about the color scheme!”
A man protested. Reynold, the [Butler], was holding a tray of drinks and snacks as he followed Teriarch about. The Dragon ignored him.
“Pink affronts my eyes. She wants me to repair it? She can paint it later. Let’s see. What’s wrong with this thing? Hm. Hm…ah, a failing conversion spell for these stupid mana crystals.”
