Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 39
The [Storm Captain] turned the wheel. But it was too late. Wil saw whiteness rolling at them. A vast cloud of—
Fog. It rolled over the ship unnaturally fast. And it was dense. Vision was lost in a moment. Wil could barely see the command deck. He staggered forwards.
“Captain Lasc?”
The man was staring about. There were shouts of confusion from all around. And then silence again. Slowly, the [Storm Captain] let go of the wheel. And he looked up.
“Furl the mainsail.”
“Drop anchors?”
Delivan had raced back on deck. The [Storm Captain] hesitated.
“We’re too far. No. Furl the sails. Quiet.”
“What’s the fog from, Captain?”
The man looked at Wil.
“I don’t know.”
And Wil realized, as he stared around that there was no way of Lasc of knowing where they were, either. The sky was shrouded. They couldn’t see the Kraken’s Pass. They were…
Lost.
 
—-
 
Two days later, the fog had continued. The Emerald Signet floated in the waters, sails furled. Helpless.
They had no idea where they were.
“We could be over the Kraken’s Pass right now. We should be sailing away. Better that than…”
Begal was wide-eyed with nerves. Inky, the [Storm Sailor], was more calm.
“Don’t be daft, man. Captain Lasc knows we might well sail in circles. And if we move, we’ll attract more attention. This fog ain’t natural. But whatever it be, we can only hope to wait it out. At least the wind ain’t moving. The waves on the other hand…”
They were just floating. Captain Lasc had lookouts posted every few paces on deck, for all the good it did. Everyone was aware of how close they were to the Kraken’s territory. And they were all nervous for the fog.
“Becalmed at sea. Lost. Isn’t this a [Sailor]’s worst nightmare?”
Merrik wondered. Inky gave him a reproving look.
“Neither and neither, Mister Merrik. We can always [Message] for help or scrying if our [Captain]’s not a fool or something wrong with magic. Same with wind—if we wanted, Lasc could conjure us a breeze with his Skills alone. Never mind the emergency items. What we fear is Krakens. Fire at sea. And—The Last Tide.”
The other [Sailors] sitting with the students murmured. Wil looked up. But no one said anything more. This was a bad time for dark tales. Especially ones that were true.
“There’s not much to do but keep an eye out. Right, Feshi? I mean, that and—”
“Not interested, Merrik.”
The Dwarf sighed. Venaz gave him a look.
“This fog is unnatural, Merrik. Every [Warrior] knows you conserve your energy?”
“You mean, you don’t jump into bed before a battle?”
The Minotaur looked aghast.
“What a waste of stamina. No. Minotaurs are disciplined. Besides…we don’t know what’s causing this. It feels like a spell.”
“But what a vast one. Or is it just on our ship? Lasc is asking for Wistram’s assistance, but there’s limits on what they can do, especially if the fog is magic. We’ll try lifting it if we have to wait longer. But there’s a limit on how long—”
“Contact above! Get on deck!”
A whisper-shout. The [Sailors] and students shot to their feet. They raced above, silently as possible. Armed for battle.
 
—-
 
Below, the Undersea Crews were restless. They knew of the fog, of course. It didn’t affect them underwater and The Emerald Signet was drifting, dangerously close to the Kraken’s Pass. But far enough.
“What’s causing the damn fog?”
Therrium growled at his First Mate. She frowned.
“We’re spotting multiple vessels in the water, Captain. All land ships. Caught by the fog.”
“More tails to the students and their treasure? But they’ve found nothing yet!”
“Maybe the others are tired of waiting.”
