Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 63
It was one of those classic pictures of overwhelming victory. A half-Giant king—Serept himself—stood, pointing down at his enemies who were fleeing or surrendering in a rather craven manner. His trusted vassals, mostly half-Giants, were arrayed around him, each bearing a Diamond Sword of Serept. The same dagger that Feshi carried was in a Garuda’s grip.
But look. Among the vast—and it was a vast tapestry, maybe five hundred paces from end to end, because a half-Giant had commissioned it to be properly big—there was one tiny figure. Just one, but visible amid the scene of operadic triumph.
A Gnoll stood upon a hill of his foes. He was armored in the same way as the undead standing before Feshi, raising a blade in triumph.
“Just one Gnoll. Rather…kitschy. Tapestries are largely exaggerations.”
Fetohep actually made his eye-flames do something like a roll as Noass broke the silence.
“Unsurprisingly, you fail to take my point, Noass of Pallass. Behold. In the era of Serept, a Gnoll warrior was vaunted enough to be represented among Serept’s finest vassals. I happen to know Dorrer of Khelt traveled from Izril to Khelt and won Serept’s favor. It is a small, but noted passage in The Hammer of Giants, one of the many biographies of Serept published in Khelt’s library. It is my will that Satar of Tribe Silverfang receive it. She has no stories of Gnolls that remain in ink and paper? She will have one.”
Feshi stared as Fetohep lifted the book he intended to send across the sea—and handed it to a Courier ready to take it to a boat chartered to make a direct delivery. Such was Fetohep’s largesse.
 
——
 
Satar was sitting now, with her mother and Silverfangs watching. If that were it, it would already have been a small, but special moment. A book from Fetohep himself! So ancient! She’d probably level from reading it.
But that was not all. Fetohep did not know the meaning of restraint. He thought he did, and he knew the dictionary definition, but nothing about the undead king ever indicated he could put the word into practice.
“This is one example from Khelt. Now, I cede my time upon the orb to a ruler of surpassing respect. From Eternal Khelt, we salute the skies and the Shield Kingdom of Qualvekkaras, the Kingdom of the Winds. Sapki Makhita of the Garuda, I salute you.”
Fetohep made a complex gesture to imitate a wing-arm, and both Drakes on television gulped as they realized they’d have to pronounce that.
Then Fetohep vanished, and a Garuda appeared in a shower of trumpets and song. She stood upon a cliff, the clear skies behind her, and her royal guard bowed in a flash of feathers and armor.
Someone who knew how to make an entrance. And, forewarned by Fetohep, Makhita used her time to capture the eye. Nor did she waste time.
“In the days when Gnolls lived upon Chandrar, the greatest of them who raced across ground and sky came to us. When Fetohep of Khelt asked if her story remained, I laughed. Of course we remember her! Few species born without wings ever learned to fly without artifacts or magic alone. We have stories and books with her name.”
She turned and, with a flourish, produced a tome that looked like it was a well-worn novel.
The Gnoll Who Flew.
Somewhere, the Flying Gnoll of Pallass fell over in a dead faint. Satar nearly fell over as the Sapki of the Shield Kingdom of Chandrar lifted her head.
Her feathers were white. Because, to Garuda, that was special, even royal. Mrsha stared up at her as Makhita spoke. Not in the royal tones, but almost conversationally.
