Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 12
“Mm. We’re nearing Hammerad. You may wish to take that back in a few moments. You see—Hammerad for the last six years has developed something of a sub-city on their beaches. As I understand it…”
 
——
 
It began with a son asking his mother for help building a sandcastle. The mother, understanding of a younger Minotaur’s frustration with the limited amount of ability he had with a simple spade, fetched a shovel. They spent six hours building an actual fort on the beach from which he intended to throw mud balls at his companions the next day.
More Minotaurs of Hammerad, at their leisure on the beach, were taken by this idea. A father and daughter decided that if a sand-war were in the works, they should get a head start, so they built another fort, then the daughter asked her father, who had served in the army, if this was really the best way to avoid mud balls.
He opined they should also create an underground bunker, and so the rest of the family wondered if that were possible. The House of Minos had [Engineers] who built ballistae, and an uncle on break said it was possible with proper supports. But building them out of wood was wasteful.
That might have been that, but then the question was raised—could you build an underground bunker with sufficient safety supports out of sand?
The next day, a group of off-duty [Engineers] and [Builders] had brought out measuring tools, gear from work, and begun stress-testing how high you could build a sand fort. How much water went into the dense enough sand?
By the end of the week, half of the city was heading down to work on the evolving project, which had long since been moved past a sand-skirmish into an attempt to build a walkway made completely out of sand. Just for fun.
Six years later, tourists to Hammerad found an entire city built out of sand still being worked on by Minotaurs in their spare time. You could head to the upper level and see homes actually being inhabited, or head down below to where an entire warzone of sand-traps and fortifications was battled through by younger Minotaurs.
That was a Minotaur’s project. And that was what they did for fun.
 
——
 
Each son and daughter of Minos was born into paradise. However, maintaining that came at a cost.
It was their choice whether or not they wanted to fish or build siege weapons for a living. Acting as a soldier was optional. But you did serve in some way.
Purpose. That is what they taught the young. Purpose was tied to honor and duty. The unfeeling hammer had a purpose, but no sense of duty, no pride in the task. In the same way, Minotaurs were more than pieces in a greater machine. If they were not fulfilled in the most menial of tasks, like cleaning the streets, something was wrong. Whether that was the Minotaur for the job or the nature of how the job was laid out was the question.
It was why the House of Minos had curios like the giant puzzle box that Relc Grasstongue was so eagerly showing Selys.
“It’s a real Honolac cube. From Etrerra-Valar itself.”
“Relc…”
“You can tell it’s real because of the ash mark here. And it’s entirely made of wood. Hand-carved, over two thousand pieces. I’d have to save up for a year to buy one. And Klb got me it. Klb.”
“I get it. It’s a super-puzzle.”
Relc looked insulted.
“Super…? It’s not about the difficulty alone, Selys, it’s a work of art! You can disassemble it and put it back together perfectly once you master it. This is like—one of your stupid paintings.”
They marched through her mansion as Selys, exasperated by the hour-long lecture by Relc, who’d been following her around, snapped back.
