Interlude – Embria
Page 34
“I just wish they could see what I saw. I’m sure Senior Guardsman Relc is well-loved. But I knew him back when he was the Gecko of Liscor. And it wasn’t just an insulting nickname either.”
“He was cool, huh?”
Erin watched Relc posing with an imaginary dagger in front of him. She blinked as Relc delivered Macbeth’s soliloquy without a flaw.
“Wow. He’s not half-bad. And he memorized half the play in a single day.”
“He gets into things. Just don’t let him act. Please. I don’t think I could bear him quoting that weird language to me all the time. And if someone insults him, he will jump off the stage and start a fight.”
“Gotcha. Don’t worry, I think he’s too busy anyways. Plus, he’s too muscly for most lead roles. Maybe Othello? We can make it part-time at best.”
Embria nodded. She had no idea what Erin meant, but she was happy enough to eat from her plate of lasagna and watch Relc enjoying his moment. Erin watched her.
“How’s the food? Good?”
“It’s not bad. I’ll probably copy this for the 4th Company back in the barracks. Shouldn’t be too hard.”
Embria tapped the layered lasagna. Erin stared at her.
“You can make lasagna? Really? No one I talked to knew how to make it, at least not Drakes or Gnolls.”
The red-scaled Drake shrugged.
“I’ve never made it. But it’s not hard, right? Layer of noodle here, noodle here, cheese, bake it probably—it’ll go good. And if the idiots on mess duty can’t copy me, I’ll make them eat whatever comes out.”
She smiled and Erin laughed.
“You have [Basic Cooking]? Or are you some kind of [Cook] as well?”
Embria waved her claw dismissively
“Some classes like [Mess Sergeant] get [Basic Cooking]. Myself, I never got anything like that. But cooking isn’t that hard, no matter what people think. You just need to learn what goes where and when and take calculated risks.”
“But how did you learn…?”
“Lots of practice.”
Embria pointed at Relc. He was coming down the stage, flushed with triumph to modest applause. Erin nodded slowly. Both turned to Relc as he strode up excitedly.
“Did you see? Line perfect! What you think—do I have a shot?”
“It wasn’t bad. Do you think you’ll become an [Actor], then? It would be a nice class to pick up for a few Skills, right?”
Embria raised her brows. Relc stroked his neck spines, looking smug.
“I mean, if I get the call. What do you think, Erin?”
“I think you should hope all four lead actors break a leg, Relc.”
“I can help with that.”
Embria smiled. Then she looked out the window at the moon.
“Unfortunately, I can’t help you with that. I think I have to go back. It’s going to be an early day tomorrow. And I can’t have anything more to drink. This was…fun. Same time next week, Dad?”
She looked back at him. Relc nodded.
“Sure. That would be fun.”
He looked surprised as he said it. Then he smiled. Embria agreed. She walked towards the door, her steps lighter than they’d been in a while. Erin, sitting at the table, saw Relc’s smile change, and then he half-rose, and called out after Embria.
“Hey. Have you ever thought of…quitting?”
She turned back. Elirr held her breath. Relc grubbed at his neck.
“It’s—I mean, just—have you? It’s not like [Guardsman] pays a lot, but Senior Guardsmen get more. And while it’s fun being here, no one can keep up with me. Not even Klb. It’s lonely, being the toughest and the greatest. So if this army thing never worked out…would you do it?”
He looked at her. And Embria looked back. Erin held her breath as she watched the Drake study her father, and then the inn. Embria glanced about, and then smiled ruefully.
