Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 4
The Drake jumped as Orjin appeared. He’d been jumping from treetop to treetop, trying not to rustle the palms.
“Orjin. There you are. How have you been?”
They hadn’t seen each other in about three weeks. Orjin had assumed that meant nothing was happening; Salii usually bothered him for all kinds of things. He should have known the silence was suspicious.
“I am well. Salii, the warriors tell me you are doing something troublesome. Making money.”
He was not one for small-talk. Salii adjusted to her superior. She swished her tail in the dirt.
“Is that what they’re complaining about? Oh well, I’ll explain. Will you walk with me, Orjin? I have to pay for a shipment. A [Trader]’s waiting with healing potions. It’ll be good for you to show your face.”
“Healing potions?”
“Yup. From Nerrhavia. Cheap, bulk—I ordered them with funds from Pomle’s treasury.”
“Our treasury.”
“Yes…that’s what I’m calling the vault over there. I have a key. If you want money, I can give it to you. Need a healing potion?”
The Drake strode across the ground, but Orjin kept pace easily.
“Salii. What are you doing?”
The Drake gave him an innocent glance.
“Making Pomle better. Have you noticed our budding economy? Hold on, I’ll explain. Excuse me! Are you Trader Melkhit? This is the Strongest of Pomle. I’m Salii. I contacted you about our order—are those the potions?”
Orjin watched as Salii greeted a Stitch-Man [Trader] with a large shipment of healing potions in crates. Hundreds. Orjin blinked as he saw the crates opened for Salii to inspect them. But the [Trader] was paid; Salii handed him a bag of gold coins and the [Trader] counted them greedily.
It was a lot of gold coins. More than Orjin thought he’d ever seen. Probably more than all the warriors of Pomle had between them if you didn’t count artifacts. He waited until the [Trader] had talked with Salii and promised to bring more of the things she wanted. Then the Strongest folded his arms.
“Salii…”
“It’s all paid for thanks to our treasury. Economy, Orjin.”
“What economy?”
Pomle wasn’t just poor, it was destitute. It didn’t have an economy. The area was a tiny oasis and dry canyon. Part of the reason why the nations of Chandrar had left it alone was because it was economically unviable. Also because Pomle’s warriors were not worth fighting, but that was beside the point. Oh, the oasis was important, but what else did the area have?
Warriors. Dirt. Orjin’s narrowed eyes made Salii turn. The [Secretary] had a pleased look on her face.
“We have an economy now. I set it up these last few weeks. You didn’t notice the sheep? The cute Shockwoolies?”
Orjin glanced at the ‘cute’ sheep. The Shockwoolies could, in a herd, generate enough electricity to stop the heart of anything that attacked them. Their fur was wonderful for insulation though. They were cash-animals.
“Salii. Where did you—”
“We.”
“—you get the money for those sheep? I have no money. Pomle has no money. Did you buy it yourself?”
“Pomle did. I just acted on the nation’s behalf, Orjin.”
He glared. He was running out of patience. Salii sighed.
