Interlude
Page 12
The Chosen turned. The undead were already moving away. Az’kerash let them go, ignoring Venitra and Bea. He had barely paid attention to Kerash. In times past he had interacted often with his prized creations, his Chosen. But they had failed him and so they were dust, tools to be used and discarded. And they knew it.
So too did Reiss pass from Az’kerash’s mind. He turned his attention towards the future, and a new creation. Something that would last. That would not disappoint. The Necromancer’s mind fragmented, each piece taking a new challenge to think on. If he had any thoughts to spare, it was only to think of another possible apprentice, and to be irritated at the failure of his last one. But it didn’t matter.
Az’kerash repeated the thought to himself. He pushed his defeat from his mind. He dismissed what had passed. The future awaited. And what had he lost? What had happened at Liscor?
“Nothing. Nothing of consequence at all.”
The world remained the same. Az’kerash summoned his magic to him and began to work. The Goblins, his apprentice—the defense of Liscor itself—meant little. After all, what had changed? The Humans made war with Drakes and each other. The Drakes squabbled. There was no change to this world.
 
—-
 
Beneath the earth, the Antinium were restless. Hundreds of thousands of Soldiers and Workers shifted uneasily. They waited in the tunnel they had built from the northern-most of the Hives towards Liscor. It was a grand project that had taken five Hive’s worth of Workers tunneling around the clock. Even so, it had only barely been completed in time.
All had been in order. Three Hives had sent their finest into the tunnel, towards the city of Liscor. They had waited there, as Workers continued tunneling. When the time came, the plan was to have them exit the tunnel and march on Liscor at best speed. They could reach the city within a day of nonstop marching. Two at the most.
That was the plan. The Queens had hatched it together and their Hives had obeyed. But their plans had fallen to ruin. Because Liscor had not fallen. The Goblin Lord had been broken at the city and Tyrion Veltras’ aim of attacking halted by Human machinations. And the Queens were…displeased.
“Order.”
Xrn’s voice cut through the tunnel. The Armored Antinium, shifting in their armor, the Silent Antinium, restlessly pacing back and forth, and the beating wings of the Flying Antinium halted. They looked up as Xrn stood above them.
The staff shone in her hands. Her eyes blazed. With fiery orange-red of annoyance, the green of surprise, and a steely grey determination. It was that last which called to Tersk, Prognugator of the Armored Antinium. He held still, though the raging voice in his mind made him want to strike out randomly. He called up at Xrn.
“Prognugator Xrn, my Queen—”
The azure Antinium gazed down at Tersk and shook her head.
“Ignore her. The Queens are furious. Their orders are not to be trusted. Hold your positions until we receive proper orders.”
Pivr fanned his wings.
“But my Queen—”
“I am in charge here. Not the Flying Queen. The Grand Queen has appointed me herself and I speak for her, especially when her judgment fails. Hold.”
Xrn’s voice made the Antinium grow still. It restored order and Tersk felt the balance in him reassert himself. He stood still, waiting. Xrn shook her head.
“We will have to collapse the tunnel. Pull the Workers and Soldiers back. All this effort. There truly is no predicting other species. Alas.”
