Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 34
“Bearclaw and a gang jumped him. He’s—”
She trailed off. Yellow Splatters looked at the two. Zevara was already running, vaulting her desk.
 
—-
 
They found Relc in the empty street. [Guards] were holding back crowds. The first thing Zevara saw were the bodies.
Nine dead members of Mr. Soot—no—Bearclaw’s gang. They had died fast, some with a single thrust to the heart. The work of a [Spearmaster]. And he had been fighting all of them at once.
Wing Commander Embria was already there. Kneeling, her crimson scales white. Zevara walked through it in a trance.
“Bearclaw is still at large. I want her found and arrested. Send squads of twenty!”
Jeiss was giving orders. Zevara just walked around a dead [Thug] with his throat slashed in half. She looked past Embria.
“Relc…?”
She saw a bloody mass of cuts across his face. The Drake’s face had been shredded by the poisoned claws. So had his arms, his shoulders. He’d been stabbed multiple times, and though the blades hadn’t gone deep through his scales—
The crossbow bolts had. There had been three shots. The first went through a shoulder. The second into his back. The third—
Part of his cheek was missing. The [Healer] was frantically applying antidotes. But the Drake was breathing.
“Watch Captain.”
That was all Relc said. Zevara looked down. Relc held a sword. Not his spear. The spear was lying in a puddle of gore. The Drake had—taken a sword from one of the thugs. The last three had been hacked down.
“What happened?”
“Ambush.”
That was all the other said. Bearclaw was on the run. Zevara looked at Relc. He gasped.
“Damn Klb—should have—woken me up.”
“Be quiet. He’s lost a lot of blood, Watch Captain.”
“That won’t kill him. I need my [Spearmaster].”
Zevara swore she saw Relc grin. Then he closed his eyes. She looked at the [Healer].
“Keep him alive. Jeiss. Beilmark.”
They looked at her. Zevara inhaled, shaking. Now she saw Relc—she looked around. And fire and smoke began to leak from her jaws.
“Bearclaw did this? Find her. Orders are to take her alive.”
“Watch Captain—”
Both protested. Wing Commander Embria was just looking at her father. The healing potion wasn’t working right. The poison was scarring over, rather than just knitting his wounds, even with the antivenoms. She looked up as Zevara snapped.
“Alive! That is the law, Senior Guardsman!”
She saw them salute. Slowly. The Watch Commander saw Erin Solstice pushing through the crowd.
“Relc! Relc! Pawn, get over here!”
She ignored Erin. The Watch Captain was suddenly focused. She spoke.
“Take every [Guard] not on the walls. Find Bearclaw. And Mr. Soot. Orders are to take them alive. Is that clear? And if one of them so much as throws a punch—you have authority to use lethal force.”
She saw both Senior Guards nod. Zevara looked around.
“Wing Commander? Wing Commander Embria!”
The Drake looked away from her father at last. She blinked at his spear, lying in the blood. Zevara spoke as Embria gently picked it up.
“We could use 4th Company’s assistance in—”
The Drake Wing Commander interrupted Zevara.
“We’ll do it. 4th Company will find this Bearclaw.”
She hesitated. Then she bent to say something to her father. Zevara looked away, shouting orders. Sending trackers to hunt down Bearclaw. When Embria rose, she stalked past Zevara. And if she found Bearclaw first—the Gnoll would die. Zevara didn’t care.
 
—-
 
The best laid plans of Gnolls and Drakes went astray. And this had hardly been the best of plans.
