Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 20
Wil Kallinad had seen Venaz lose his temper a few times. When he’d broken the other Minotaur’s jaw in the battle with the Iron Vanguard. In a pub brawl. In class with Marian.
The Minotaur’s eyes would turn red. He would lose all sense of control—but not reason. When a Minotaur raged, it was like a Selphid’s rampage. They were stronger, faster.
And Wil was worried about the outcome. Lasc was getting ready, but he hadn’t done much other than draw his sword and put something on his left hand. On the other hand—
Venaz was in his plate armor, holding a sword and shield. He had a small armory in his bag of holding.
“Venaz, you can’t injure Lasc. Or make him lose too much face in front of his crew. A [Storm Captain] relies on it.”
“I should let him insult me in front of everyone? Don’t worry. I’ll just draw blood.”
But Venaz’s eyes were reddened with blood. Lasc calmly watched him stalk towards the circle of crew. Wil hurried over to Lasc and Delivan.
“Captain, Venaz cannot be injured or wounded in any serious way. And he is angered. If you could call this off—”
“Call off a duel I started, Lord Kallinad? I’d be laughed off the waves for that. Don’t you worry. I don’t need to bleed the Minotaur dry. Although it would be easy enough. This’ll be a quick bout. Don’t you worry.”
Lasc strode forwards. Venaz was gritting his teeth as he raised his sword and shield, taking a defensive guard.
“No playing for points. A proper duel! No one kills the other, but all’s fair before that. We both have healing potions.”
“Is that how land men do it? Fair enough. Until the other falls or surrenders.”
Lasc grinned. Wil whirled to Delivan.
“Can’t you stop him?”
“Don’t worry, Lord Kallinad. You paid for a true [Storm Captain] and his crew, sure enough. We’ve fought more than one invader off. Monsters, [Pirates]—any number of threats at sea landfolk have never dreamed of in their darkest. Captain Lasc—he’s not going to lose, even to those two.”
Delivan nodded to Peki and Merrik, who were betting copious amounts of hypothetical gold on the outcome. Merrik, for all his anger, was backing Venaz. Peki, Lasc.
“Are you sure, Mister Delivan? Because this could be a serious matter if it goes poorly.”
The [First Mate] looked calmly at Wil. So calmly, the young [Lord] calmed.
“Lord Kallinad. There’s no way Lasc’ll lose. You don’t know how he fights. Neither does that Minotaur.”
Venaz was studying Lasc. The [Storm Captain] hadn’t put on armor, but his rather swanky [Captain]’s uniform was pretty good. Also—enchanted, at least against salt and other minor annoyances at sea. However…Venaz had a sword and a Minotaur’s strength.
All Lasc had was a shortsword. And—something on his hand. Metal? Venaz narrowed his eyes. What fighting style was this?
“Last chance, Captain. If you’re not ready?”
“If you’re turning tail, Mister Venaz, no one’ll stop you. Otherwise—start as you please. And I’ll show you why the continental nations don’t rule these seas.”
Lasc grinned. And Venaz, temper already at the breaking point, charged. If he was calmer he might have appraised. But he came in with a slash at Lasc’s arm.
It was fast. Wil, who had taken a noble’s fighting lessons, would have been disarmed literally by the blow. Even the [Sailors] winced. Venaz was a Minotaur who’d seen battle. And his blow was fast, strong—
Lasc moved. The air rang with a sound and Venaz recoiled. He stumbled back. And Wil—stared.
On his hand. The bit of metal on [Storm Captain]’s left hand was neither buckler nor dagger. It was just—or rather, it was a gauntlet. A—glove. Made of metal.
