Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 30
“It’s not a fantastic story. Back when I was first beginning the Forgotten Wing Company with Foliana, we were looking for officers. Recruiting anyone of talent, really. You know how it goes? Well, one of the people who enlisted was a [Lord]. Human. From Terandria, although he never said where.”
“A Havrington?”
“Yes. Lady Cassicel’s grandfather. We didn’t know, of course. We just called him Bedil. Good old Bedil. He was a [Lord] and he had decent Skills so I entrusted him with the command. He did good work, but he was running from something. He only told me who he was when they caught up with him.”
“Who?”
“His family.”
Niers tipped the glass he was drinking, walked over to the water through the puddle. He looked back at Wil.
“I think he ran away from his family. He had a few artifacts—and it’s not uncommon. He was a decent man, Wil. And his family weren’t. He served with me for six years until they came for him. Then it was [Bounty Hunters] and mercenaries, and Foliana and I found ourselves fighting Terandrians! We didn’t want to give him up, but Bedil gave in when he realized his family wouldn’t stop.”
“Why did they want him back?”
Niers raised his eyebrows.
“Because he was theirs. Because he might embarrass them? Frankly, I think, because they wanted to marry him off. Either way, he gave in. His family took him—they never said who they were and he only ever told me his identity, so I think they assumed we were in the dark. Typical arrogance. But there was just one hitch. Can you imagine what that was?”
Wil was no fool. It took him only a second before his eyes widened.
“He had a child.”
“A wife and a child. Two, actually.”
Niers nodded. He sat down, recalling it.
“He was married, actually. It wasn’t a casual thing. She was—oh, a Lizardwoman.”
“A—”
“Fertility spells. I think both their children were Human. Lucky for them. But Bedil did love her. And when they took him, they brought his family too. Can’t have their bloodlines running about.”
“But this is huge, sir. Other species marrying into a family like the du Havringtons? If it was Kallinad, it would be big enough, but—they covered it up. I never heard of a Lizardwoman in the du Havrington family. But their servants?”
Wil was pacing. Niers nodded.
“I can only speculate. I never heard from Bedil again; I don’t think he was allowed much freedom. If he still lives.”
“He does, Professor. I’ve never seen him except at a few gatherings, but…”
“Good. But regardless, I know what his children looked like. And I can count. He has four heirs, doesn’t he? And his current wife…”
“Human. They’re all from her, or that’s what the bloodlines say. But if two came from his first wife—”
“Then they’re not purebloods. In fact, they share Lizardperson ancestry. Maybe a few unobtrusive scales? Fertility spells have a few quirks. Either way, Lady Cassicel is descended from his firstborn son. So…”
“…All of his descendants are ineligible without having been inducted into the Havrington family. Which they might have been! His wife might well have been inducted by virtue of marriage. But—”
Wil caught himself and shook his head.
“Not in the Du Havrington family. It would be a huge scandal.”
The Fraerling nodded. He looked into his drink and concluded.
“It will be a huge scandal. A blow to the Kallinad family, although not so much I daresay. It really only benefits the Havringtons to invalidate your marriage and end the feud between your families; they’ve been getting the worst of it.”
