Interlude – Relationships
Page 16
The lamb did not fool her. Erin was carrying it across the street when the wriggling, mewling creature dropped the act. It looked up at her, snarled, and bit her.
“Gaaaah!”
The [Innkeeper]’s wheelchair ground to a halt as Erin yelped. The lamb was biting her! It leapt off her lap and raced towards the carriage.
“What the—”
Erin stared down at the bite. The lamb was closer to omnivorous, but it was so small it had barely broken the skin.
“Someone grab it. And put it in the hamper!”
They tried. At first, the Thronebearers went off to corner the lamb, and then the Goblins began to help. However—the lamb fought and snarled and even defecated and vomited when they tried to take it away from the carriages. It grew so desperate and wiggled so hard that even Dalimont couldn’t hold onto it for fear he’d crush its bones.
Erin blinked. The lamb was struggling. It was so desperate to stay that it turned into a cute whirlwind of milk teeth and hooves.
Of course, that just amused everyone. Numbtongue ignored the biting lamb until it kicked him like a horse, digging its front hooves into the ground to kick him with the back hooves.
“Ow. Sort of strong. Why does it want to come with?”
The lamb was indeed desperate. Erin frowned as Ulvama hissed.
“Kill it! Here! Take this rock! No, I’ll do it.”
She went to bash its brains out, and she was stopped, but Numbtongue was carrying the lamb to the hamper. Then Erin saw the lamb inhale—and freeze.
It held its breath as the amused [Bard] laughed at it. He poked the lamb—then frowned.
“Hm? What is it…?”
He began to poke it, urgently, but the lamb turned redder under its dark grey skin as its cheeks puffed out. Thirty seconds, forty…a minute and Garia was trying to get it to open its mouth.
It was trying to asphyxiate itself! It would only breathe when Numbtongue took it away from the hamper.
“We can’t send it back! It’ll try to stop breathing! What is with it?”
Lyonette was mystified. Ulvama just whispered.
“Let it die.”
It didn’t seem like a bluff, either. One of the lamb’s eyes actually burst a blood vessel after nearly three minutes of holding its breath the third time Numbtongue tried to bring it to the hamper, and everyone was so alarmed they turned to Erin.
“Maybe Elirr can take it in? Come on, Erin. Don’t let it die! It must really want to visit Liscor.”
“Yes…it does.”
Erin exchanged a glance with Nanette. The witch whispered to Erin, standing on her tip-toes.
“Mother hated them and all the [Witches] do too—but only because they play with people’s emotions. Witch Erin, what do you see?”
Erin looked at the female lamb as it gasped for air, then stared at her. Glaring now, defiant. She muttered.
“…Desperation. But it doesn’t like us. It’s just pretending. And—isn’t there a rumor they control people? There’s a conspiracy?”
“That is a joke, Miss Solstice. You may have heard it from Earl Altestiel, and the lambs are intelligent, but no ‘lamb cartel’ exists.”
Ser Sest murmured, but he looked slightly unconvinced. Erin hesitated. She looked at the lamb and then beckoned Numbtongue over.
“Put her in my lap, Numbtongue. I won’t try to put her in the hamper.”
The exhausted lamb sat there as Erin peered down at it. The longer Erin stared, the more sure she was.
“You are the most hostile thing I’ve ever met. I bet Crelers are nicer than you.”
The lamb glared up at her. It was true; Erin had sensed less hostility and venom in Alevica. Whatever the lamb was pretending, it was obvious it hadn’t expected Erin to see through it. Perhaps it had hoped she wasn’t that good a [Witch]. Perhaps…
