Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 5
Customers were complaining, but the kids were also playing in the garden for the wonderful variety it offered. They hit each other, tossed each other into lakes, or pantomimed the hitting in lieu of actual striking. There was a gender imbalance in who actually hit each other, and several young boys of every species had gotten into a brawl twice. Ekirra was nursing a scratch on one cheek that Limi, a Drake boy, had given him.
Now, a group of guards were fighting off evil Humans coming to besiege the city. Mrsha, who’d lugged a ‘trebuchet’ towards the ‘city’, which were two overturned tables, was under fire. The defenders were pelting them with wads of cloth, towels—
“No dirt! No dirt!”
Ekirra yelped angrily. He scrubbed at his eyes and the dirt throwing stopped.
“This is getting out of hand. They’re making a mess!”
“Aw, let them. They’re having fun.”
Erin was more blasé than Lyonette, who disproved of all this ‘roughhousing’ which was not how Mrsha should behave! Also—Erin wasn’t going to clean this up.
“The guests are paying for a relaxing experience, Erin.”
“No they’re not. They’re paying for weird shenanigans. This is part of the deal, right, Menolit?”
“Absolutely. Five gold says the kids take the city.”
The Drake was betting with Wilovan and Ratici. Erin wanted to know how he’d gotten that much gold. But the adult’s concerns were not that of the city under siege!
Indeed, the defenders were outnumbered five-to-one, and their rain of projectiles had nearly run out. Now, the attackers were about to break into the walls. That was when a little Drake emerged from the side.
Visma! She was neither guard nor evil Human soldier. She had…Erin paused in working on her new menu, where she was writing in a new dish—the Oteslian Trench—for vegetarians.
What was Visma supposed to be? The kids had codifying items, like a ‘helmet mug’ or a ‘wand’—Mrsha had a real one—but Visma just had an apron…and a small frying pan…
The Drake child raised it over her head as both sides stopped fighting.
“I am the consequences! Raaaah!”
“Run!”
Ekirra yelped and both sides fled into a screaming anarchy. Menolit hammered the table in fury, but the ‘Erin’ was running about, dispensing justice and organizing a mob to beat up all non-Goblins.
“Is that—is that supposed to be me?”
The seasoned guests were laughing their tails off. Erin didn’t know if she was supposed to be offended.
“That’s not fair! You can’t use the Erin in a siege!”
“You used the Erin in the last battle! We get to use ours!”
The defenders of the city shot back. Mrsha glumly nodded. That was fair. She fled as Visma chased her.
“I’m spitting blood! I’m spitting blood!”
She had gotten her hands on some ketchup. She was flinging it around. This prompted Lyonette to raise her voice.
“That’s it! That’s too much! Visma! Enough! Vis—”
Too late. The Drake girl joyfully hurled a clawful of ‘blood’. It splattered, half hitting Mrsha…
The other half hit the table behind Mrsha. A gentle rain of condiment splattered all over [Knight Marshal of the Rains], Earl Altestiel of Desonis, his two [Knight] bodyguards, and half of the table. And their food.
Visma stopped with the sudden guilt of someone who knew that something terribly wrong had occurred. Mrsha as well. They stared up at the adults as a Human man rose, flushing with fury.
“Earl! You children—”
They fled behind Lyonette as the [Princess] practically ran forwards.
“Towels! Liska! And water! I am so sorry, Earl—”
