Interlude – Conversations
Page 26
You were gambling with every bite. But the food looked very good. Loaves of bread even Antinium could consume, pies, even a cake. Yet, as anyone who had ever eaten from Garry’s unmarked foods would attest, you could find a crunch in your slice of cake and discover a leg in your teeth.
The worst part was if it tasted good. Garry had a clientele, from people who told him they could not afford food at other prices, to people who had begun to develop curious tastes. He wondered what the stir was about.
Then he sensed a command from the Queen, a mobilization order. She was alarmed. But why? Garry wondered if he should go inside the Hive, but he had just put a pie out labeled ‘free samples’.
…Where was it? Garry peered at his counter. He had just put it out, piping hot, steam rising from it. Lovely berries and, uh, other things. Normally the smell attracted some people who stopped when they saw the sign.
“Excuse me.”
A voice spoke from somewhere odd. Garry hesitated. He looked around, but no one was in front of his stall that opened out of the window of the shop he rented. Some people were lined up, but they were all…frozen in the street.
“You are Antinium. I would like to speak to the Centenium known as Xrn, the Small Queen. I am Archmage Valeterisa of Wistram. I come in peace. Unless we are at war.”
The voice was coming from…Garry leaned out of his stall. Then he walked out of his shop’s door and looked up, past the awning.
Archmage Valeterisa of Wistram hung in the air. Flying. A quad-layered barrier of magic hung around her. And—coincidentally, Garry and the other passersby emptying the street couldn’t help but notice this—a giant orb of darkness, and what looked like burning fireballs suspended in the air.
“Oh.”
The [Chef] stared up at enough firepower to waste everything in a five block radius. His antennae wilted. But then—he couldn’t help but notice one more detail.
“Do not be alarmed. I have simply taken precautions against any offensive action. Please summon the Small Queen. I come in peace.”
Soldiers were streaming out of the Hive, taking one look at the flying Archmage with spells, and reconsidering the validity of their tactics. However, Garry, despite the distinct threat of death, was not quite afraid. He couldn’t be. Because…
Valeterisa spoke, watching the Antinium take up possibly hostile positions. She wondered if she should bind another spell for quick activation. She decided to repeat herself.
“I come in peace. Please do not be alarmed.”
As she addressed Garry, she took another bite of the pie. She noticed the Antinium staring at her.
“That is my pie.”
Valeterisa blinked at him.
“It was marked as ‘free’, was it not?”
“…Yes.”
The Archmage peered at Garry. At the pie. She hovered left a bit. Checked his store and the sign.
 
Garry’s Bakery.
 
She stared at something, then swivelled to Garry.
“Does this contain bugs?”
Valeterisa pointed at the pie. Garry hesitated.
“Yes.”
Valeterisa looked at the pie.
“I see.”
She kept eating. Sustenance for the day had been achieved. Sadly, though, Xrn refused to meet her. So she floated off. Alas, it seemed like Archmage Feor would have to employ other means. She had been as diplomatic as possible under the circumstances, but the Antinium simply weren’t open to that sort of thing.
