Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 49
The enchanted sword. One of them cursed, and Squad 5 backed up, leaving their dead behind—and another one of theirs.
“Three casualties. Back it up.”
One of the officers spoke quietly. The enemy glared at Squad 5, but they didn’t advance. Squad 5 let Squad 2 go for their bows, and the soldiers…retreated.
Crusader 51 hesitated, but Dekass had said to hold their ground. And besides…but for Crusader 53 saving him and the enchanted sword, they wouldn’t have had a chance.
Squad 5 looked at one another. One of them, Crusader 52, broke from 53 and 51 to see if any of the others were alive. Crusader 51 and 53 decided to help turn over the still bodies.
Crusader 51’s hands were green with blood. He stared at them and then the sword he’d picked up. Magic. He had never seen a magic sword. Did he put it back? It wasn’t his.
No. I need it.
The [Crusader] realized it was the only thing that could help him kill the enemy. How many were there? Where was the rest of Battalion 1?
Something whispered over his head, and Crusaders 51, 52, and 53 flinched. They looked up—and then around. Crusader 51 froze.
Where was Squad 5? Where was Squad 2, 9? He saw a few figures staggering—and then the Gnoll appeared.
He had a spear. Just a spear, but the tip glittered. He thrust once, such a simple move that looked so easy.
It was beautiful. Concise, economical.
He killed one of the [Crusaders] with it, turned, stabbed another, and looked around.
Every other Antinium was dead. Something had cut through them at chest-height. The spear?
Crusaders 51, 52, and 53 rose as the [Spearmaster] spotted them. He said nothing, but the Gnoll raised his spear. Crusader 51 lunged, sword slashing low, as Crusader 52 fumbled to stab with his spear, and Crusader 53 darted left, maces swinging hard.
The [Spearmaster] parried Crusader 51’s sword, ran the Antinium through the belly, tore it left, took one of Crusader 53’s arms on his right, then the other, and beheaded Crusader 52. He looked at Crusader 51 as the Antinium fell, and turned to the staggering Crusader 53. He frowned, raised his head, and blurred away as a hail of arrows struck Crusader 53’s back and armor and the ground around him.
“Volley! Volley on my target! Advance!”
Dekass led more squads forwards as Crusader 53 sat down, staring at his arm. The [Spearmaster] blocked more arrows, leapt forwards, stabbed three Antinium in a moment, and then went for Dekass.
Crusader 51 didn’t see what happened next. He was curled up in pain. It hurt. It really hurt. He wanted his potion. Where was his potion?
It was broken. The shards broke against his hand. Crusader 51 didn’t know what to do. It was going dark. He…
He didn’t want to die. He lay there, and the world grew fuzzy…
Something wet poured over his stomach. Someone yanked his hands away, and it hurt, so Crusader 51 fought to put them back…but then the pain went away!
The Soldier uncurled as he felt the hole in his stomach closing. He felt the world focus and realized someone was kneeling over him.
Crusader 53. He’d found Crusader 52’s potion and was pouring it onto Crusader 51. The two Soldiers looked around. Squad 5 was gone.
Crusader 53 fell over onto his back. Crusader 51 saw his two severed arms bleeding weakly and scrambled to his feet. He ran over to the bodies, searching for a potion, and ran back to him. He knelt over Crusader 53, who didn’t rise, even when his wounds closed. But his antennae twitched when Crusader 51 tore off his helmet.
