Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 9
Unfortunately, Cire was not his counterpart in Manus. Oteslia had a memory-spell budget. They also had a lot of…help. Where in Manus, the secret was kept to the inner council, here…
 
—-
 
A [Shopkeeper] listened as Eerie, a young Plains Gnoll who had begun a relationship with the First Gardener’s wild son, gossiped with her friends.
“He said I couldn’t get pregnant, yes? That he was special?”
“Is that a word for impotent?”
“I have no idea. But he said he was also older than he looked—”
“Excuse me, Miss! Would you like a free sample of our latest product?”
The [Shopkeeper] desperately interrupted the two gossiping Gnolls. He was a Drake, and had lived in Oteslia for a long time. In fact…a lot of Oteslia’s citizens didn’t leave their city. They were very patriotic. And…very hardworking.
Eerie and her friend’s ears perked up. They didn’t see the other [Shopkeepers] carefully closing the street as the Drake warmly beckoned her into the shop. Or the Pegasus Rider flying down and cursing Cire’s name.
The secret was kept another day.
 
—-
 
In her quarters, Shaerrha was very grateful for the growing group of keepers of Oteslia’s great secret. Just another…hundred years…and Cire would be the responsible, adult hope of Izril. She thought she wouldn’t live to see the end of the century with how much stress he gave her.
No wonder the First Gardeners had such short tenures. The young Earth Dragon was a handful. It was just as well he couldn’t get the young women of every species he courted pregnant or Oteslia’s noble circles would have had a lot of children they’d have to explain away.
Cire was reckless, brash—and cooped up. Shaerrha understood, she did. At least it wasn’t Manus; he could fly about with his bodyguards. But he still needed to be protected, especially from himself.
Now the Drake flopped on to the couch. He was a handful and hard to control for anyone but his mother, the First Gardener. He glanced up and gave Shaerrha a casual look that didn’t fool her for one second.
“So…if Eerie’s off-limits now, can I meet the [Strategists]?”
“With an escort. When they arrive.”
“Really?”
“If you watch your tongue, yes! But if you so much as breathe something that will get you in trouble, I’ll ground you for the next two months!”
Cire gulped in the face of that threat.
“I’m fine! I’ll be good! Don’t worry—I’ll be so secretive no one will even know. And wait until I tell Rafaema! When do we get to see each other again?”
“In two months we have a meeting. At Manus this time.”
“I hate Manus. They’re all so—so—and Rafaema’s so uptight these days.”
The Dragon glowered, folding his arms. The First Gardener wondered if she should up the calming tonic in her diet.
“Cire…”
“Hey Mom, if Pallass has television, do you think we can get one? I mean, so I can be on it. Rafaema would flip if she saw that. Or—can I visit Pallass? Please?”
Never in a million years. Shaerrha imagined Cire visiting the City of Inventions and the secret leaking to the world as soon as he walked in front of a scrying orb. It was hard enough in Oteslia—there had been some incidents.
Still…imagine Pallass, or Salazsar giving her the resources she needed to take care of a restless young Dragon? Some nights Shaerrha dreamed of that.
But it was too dangerous. She shook her head. Distract the young Dragon.
“Why don’t you see if the [Strategists] made it into the city, Cire? You know—they might be on the scrying orb—”
“I didn’t think of that! Gotta go, Mom!”
The Dragon raced for the balcony and dove off the walls, flying into his city. Shaerrha sat down.
