Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 24
The hilarity of the rat’s letter faded from the younger Goblin’s gaze as she faced the leader of this island. The other warriors were looking up, and she put her claws behind her back nervously. The younger Goblin, her hair tied back with delicate loops of fishbone, brought forwards the letter nervously.
She wore simple clothing, but not primitive. It was akin to cloth, but made from some soft reeds on the island that were combed and spun like cotton. The warriors were different—many had gone bare-chested, male and female, so they could be marked with magical paint.
Metal was in short supply, but they had more than enough for weapons. Some still preferred stone or wood for their arrowheads, but one look at a hardwood point etched with tiny glowing lines of magic would set off a Gold-rank adventurer’s [Dangersense].
The young Goblin timidly held out the letter to the Goblin Lord, and it was ready. That smile never wavered. Then the Goblin Lord did something unexpected.
She nodded, and the bark cracked and the tree shivered. The two Fomirelin bodyguards stirred, and the warriors went silent. The Goblin Lord spoke again.
“Go.”
The Goblin with the letter fled, all hilarity forgotten. A [Shaman] chased after her, scolding, but then froze and approached the cliff. A spire of sand from the beaches grew, lifting the Goblin [Shaman] up. He listened to the Goblin Lord speaking quietly, and then when he was let down, he did smile. He waved up at the still figure, who went back to watching the sea.
That evening, the Isle of Goblins was busy. Alight, in fact, with Goblins hard at work. They sent some of their kind into the forests to grab bark and make more papyrus. They didn’t bother with paper or writing as much, and so quills were produced from the birds who offered spare feathers.
The difference between the Isle of Goblins and Minos was notable in many ways. They had some similarities—their isolation, statues, great leaders, and preparations for war.
However, the Goblins had more of a sense of humor.
 
——
 
Venaz listened to Calruz begin his testimony from meeting the Horns of Hammerad, the originals, and they had just gotten to him getting to the dungeon after meeting Ryoka Griffin. It was a long story, and they had spent some time catching up on home.
It was important, because Calruz seemed more relaxed, understanding the process. Venaz had arranged to meet him the next day.
The strangeness began that evening, when he returned to Liscor. He was checking in the Mage’s Guild for anything for him, probably more love-instructions from the Professor. Yet the Minotaur’s vague sense of dread was overturned by a [Mage] catching sight of him and pointing.
“You! It’s that bastard! Get him!”
The Minotaur put a hand on his sword, but the angry [Mage] was no fighter. Nor was he able to get to Venaz past the…mountain of parchment.
“What’s going on?”
“We’ve been getting [Messages] all day! All addressed to you! Venaz of Hammerad? Judging Calruz of Hammerad’s case?”
“Yes…”
That was supposed to be secret. How did—
The [Mage] picked up a stack of letters and began throwing them at Venaz, one after another. They were bound with twine, but he had ammunition to keep throwing non-stop.
“Here!”
Venaz stared down at the letters as Wil and Merrik took cover. Peki was just punching the stacks of letters flying at her face.
“What is—”
Then he picked up one message and saw what it said.
 
To Minotaur King and Venaz.
