Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 4
And if that were so, few Level 20 [Martial Artists] could take down someone twice their level, even with such numerical advantages. Now, a Garuda might be in trouble, but this?
Fetohep summoned another artifact; a Scroll of [Messages]. He spoke, and a quill wrote on the message, auto-transcribing his words.
“Fetohep of Khelt wagers a sum of eight thousand, six hundred gold pieces on the Level 42 [Martial Artist].”
The [Message] was transcribed, the bet laid in. Fetohep experienced some satisfaction as the odds instantly adjusted as the [Bookkeepers] taking bets on the event took note of his wager.
He had helped fund Pomle’s matches. And he had cultivated a reputation for making the correct wager. Fetohep had a 68% success rate, which actually peeved him; he’d had a losing streak this last week.
He didn’t bet much. And he had, in fact, increased Khelt’s treasury, albeit by small amounts.
It was just a hobby. But it was odd that it was his hobby. He hadn’t needed one.
Nor did Fetohep spend long on the match. He would watch it of course, and that would happily fill oh, maybe thirty minutes? But it would be hours later, alas.
“Wistram News Network.”
The scrying mirror flickered to life. Fetohep saw a Drake speaking and sipping a cup of tea.
“—just waking up, I’m Noass, bringing you today’s news. The King of Destruction’s war with multiple Chandrian nations rages on with a development in battle; Mars the Illusionist’s forces were pushed back after intense fighting between—”
“Next. Wistram Music.”
A new channel appeared. Fetohep heard a quartet of violins playing. He listened for a minute as the Dullahan musicians played. Was this a recording? He tapped a finger on his armrest to the beat. Then sighed.
He’d heard this song before. A Dullahan classic. The king’s voice had more irritation in it now.
“Wistram News Network.”
“—war in Ailendamus on the other hand has seen—”
“Nerrhavia’s Wonders.”
Another magical connection. It was less…precise, since the network wasn’t maintained by Wistram. But it was of an [Explorer] heading down a river. Fetohep recognized it as the Channel of Borendivual, one of the largest in Nerrhavia.
“And here we are headed to a dangerous section where the famous leaping crocodiles of Nerrhavia await! The [Guards] are ready, and we believe this early they will be napping…we shall cross this part of our voyage through the great Kingdom of Nerrhavia, before you glorious viewers will be witness to a battle between [Gladiators] in our capital city’s arena! Do not miss it, at midday—”
“Wistram News Network.”
He’d seen the Boredivual himself. He’d fought said leaping crocs as a living man and had no desire to see Nerrhavia’s pet [Explorer] show off his kingdom’s glories and praise it every two minutes. The [Gladiators] were interesting, though. Fetohep checked for bets and placed one while the scrying mirror flickered back to the Drake at the desk.
“—later, Drassi and I will be interviewing a [Blademaster] of Baleros about combat styles. Tune in at ten for that. Just before midday—”
“Hm.”
At last, something interesting. Fetohep was always willing to listen to talk of combat; even if he could have given the two Drakes a more educated discussion of the art of blades. He had been a [Warrior] in life, after all.
But he would listen, critique, or laud the [Blademaster] as the case might be—perhaps even ‘call in’, as the network sometimes allowed. He had listened to himself twice pointing out flaws in the broadcast.
Quite, quite enjoyable when that happened. But none of this stemmed his boredom now. Fetohep drummed his fingers.
