Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 0

He had grown up in Pomle all his life. Some of the [Martial Artists] were like that. Others had come from far away. But from his birth, from the time he could walk, into the prime of his life—which included your later thirties thanks to Skills—Orjin had been practicing martial arts.
The man knew he would not live forever, even if he never took another wound in sparring and never contracted a disease. He might live longer than most Humans if he stayed away from fighting, but [Martial Artists] did not reach immortality. At least, none that Pomle had ever known. Better to seek it through alchemy, magic…
He had never thought of that as a bad thing. Nor, obviously, did he consider perfection of martial prowess inferior to magic or any other force in the world. It was certainly harder to beat an opponent who had armor and a weapon. No one would deny that. But in Orjin’s world, any amount of power could be balanced by training, skill as well as Skills.
Yet—the Strongest of Pomle had a thought. How would he kill a Kraken?
By that, he meant the largest of the species. Fleet-killers. So vast that they devoured entire pods of whales. Orjin had heard stories of them. They could eat entire Grand Elephant herds if they were a land-based threat.
The Strongest of Pomle had, in a wilder, less contemplative youth, fought a Grand Elephant and beaten it. He had killed Crelers with his bare hands—not an Adult because he hadn’t found one—but he had challenged a nest of smaller ones. He had fought gigantic sand worms, chimeras, and of course, people.
But a Kraken? Orjin tried to imagine it one day. How would he even begin? Assume the Kraken just lay on the land. It didn’t attack him. It didn’t move. Could he even beat it to death? He’d have to go for the brain; he could punch one of its arms all day and not kill the thing.
In the same way—magic. How did you kill a foe that attacked from beyond the clouds? Orjin looked up. Let’s assume he could dodge the lightning bolts, magical pillars and fight off the army of spectral warriors. That his foe just waited for him up there.
How did he reach her? The Strongest of Pomle tried to picture the Deathless of Demons. The Death of Magic. And he calmly saw his death.
Just as Lacten of Pomle had shown him. The [Martial Artist] had been weaker than Orjin. But he had trained hard, in Pomle’s spirit. He had been strong. And he had died without killing a single foe. Fighting illusions.
Orjin finished his training with a single leap. He leapt from the top of the canyon, aiming up.
“[Aeriform Shockwave]!”
His punch and the shockwave blasted up. Orjin had concentrated, creating a projectile with his Skill. Across Pomle, [Martial Artists] looked up, sensing the attack. Orjin landed, breaking his fall on the ground, a distance that would have killed another man. It still hurt a bit; he’d gone for maximum height.
So how high had he reached? The Strongest of Pomle watched the invisible shockwave by the way it moved the air, particles of dust. A hundred feet, two hundred…it began to lose cohesion.
He could have made someone stagger at three hundred feet. That was his best, longest-range attack. Not even close to a cloud. And the counterattack…
“I see.”
The Strongest of Pomle walked off. The sky was higher than he’d supposed.
That was all.
 
—-
 
“It reminded me of the Cult of Windcaller’s Wrath. And the Fury of Skies. I think that was who it was. Do you recall?”
