Interlude – Talia
Page 22
He had known they were here. The armored figure said nothing. He waited. Then, slowly, he stood and stowed the knife he’d been holding in one gauntleted hand. He turned, and reached for the pack on the ground. He looked back at the [Knights] and said not one word.
It was unnatural. Talia felt her skin prick slightly. Ser Eldein wavered and lowered his sword. He called out after a few seconds of silence.
“Well met, stranger! Are you hunting monsters? I am Ser Eldein of the Order of Seasons! This is Dame Talia, likewise of the Order of Seasons! May we know your name and purpose?”
The figure looked up. He stared at Ser Eldein, again, a bit too long. At last, he nodded and said one word.
“Goblins.”
His tone was guttural, hoarse, as if strained from misuse. He seemed content with that reply. Talia saw him stowing something in a belt pouch. She saw a flash of green and realized what it was.
Ears. He’d cut off the ears of the Goblin corpse. Or—just one. The head had been nearly destroyed by the blow. She saw Ser Eldein react with disgust. That wasn’t a practice of [Knights], but adventurers. Dame Talia was more diplomatic. She sheathed her sword and smiled.
“Are you Sir Goblin Slayer? My company was informed you were hunting the Ogres. As we are. There is a war band of thirty in the area. Thirty Ogres—a fearsome danger to the local citizens. Are you pursuing them?”
The Goblin Slayer looked up. He nodded once.
“Ogres and Goblins.”
“Pardon me?”
Talia frowned. The voice came out of the helmet.
“Ogres. And Goblins. They have Goblins. This is one of theirs.”
He gestured down at the corpse. Dame Talia blinked. She looked sideways at Ser Eldein.
“We’re told they number thirty in total, Ser Knight. Are you intending to battle them alone?”
He shrugged.
“Yes.”
Another pause. Ser Eldein frowned.
“But there are thirty Ogres.”
“And Goblins. I hunt Goblins. So I hunt them.”
With that said, the Goblin Slayer turned and began to walk away from Talia. She called out.
“Ser Knight, wait!”
He paused and turned back towards her. She cleared her throat. Someone was moving towards them. Ser Thornst, perhaps.
“Will you wait a moment? My company is behind me. We too hunt the Ogres. And Goblins. Might we pool information?”
The armored figure considered her request. Slowly, he nodded.
“Fine.”
Talia nodded to Ser Eldein. The other [Knight] sheathed his blade and turned. Ser Thornst stopped when he saw the Goblin Slayer, but the rest of the company converged on the spot in minutes. Ser Lorell blinked as well and covered his nose with a handkerchief; the other [Knights] looked at the body with disgust. And at the Goblin Slayer with suspicion.
“Well met, Ser Knight. Are you the Goblin Slayer we have heard about? I understand you are following the trail of the Ogres. A worthy cause. Might I know your name and order?”
Ser Lorell greeted the Goblin Slayer cordially. They were all on foot, but for Dame Chaise and Ser Aldon. Talia watched as the dark visor swung towards Ser Lorell. The Goblin Slayer paused for a long moment.
“I hunt Goblins. Call me what you want. I am not a [Knight].”
That was all he said. Ser Lorell faltered.
“Then you are hunting the Ogres?”
“Yes.”
“Alone?”
“Yes.”
“Are you…”
Are you a Gold-rank adventurer? Or Named? Or just mad? Ser Lorell was clearly thinking that. Talia was sure she’d never heard of a ‘Goblin Slayer’ as a Named Adventurer, excluding Elia Arcslinger of course. After a moment, she broke in.
“Do you believe the Ogres are in this area, Sir Slayer? We have tracked them by sightings and their attacks.”
“They are that way.”
