Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 0

(Hey, I’ve got news! Volume 2 of The Wandering Inn might come out as an e-book soon! The Audiobook is scheduled for September 10th! Madness! Find out more details here!)
 
Later, at lunch time, The Wandering Inn was faced with an unusual sight. And that was by the standards of the inn, which meant it was very unusual. Even unexpected. The crowd of Pallassians and Liscorian citizens couldn’t help but stare. One of the many tables in Erin’s common room, enlarged by the [Grand Theatre] Skill was occupied. That wasn’t the unusual bit. The unusual bit was who sat there, still smelling of mud and Shield Spider fluids.
An Antinium Soldier and a Hobgoblin. They sat casually at the table, next to each other, rather than across from each other. It was odd, perhaps, but the distance would have been stranger. And the two could watch more of each other’s body language like this. They spoke in bursts, in a private world in the public inn. The Soldier, Yellow Splatters, nodded as he glanced around the inn at the staring faces. Those he locked eyes with looked away quickly, but the rest just stared. He nodded.
“They do look. I knew it before, but now I see them more often.”
“Stare and stare some more. But if we stare, they run off.”
Numbtongue bared his teeth. Yellow Splatters looked about and met eyes with a Drake. Said Drake flinched. The Painted Soldier calmly held the gaze until the Drake looked away.
“Yes. This is true.”
Numbtongue nodded and shrugged. He looked down at the bowl in front of him and smiled. He’d just been served, as had Yellow Splatters. He showed the Soldier what was in his bowl and offered him his spoon.
“Have this. This is my best—no, favorite—food.”
The Painted Soldier stared into the bowl curiously. It was very…orange. He detected small, squiggly noodles in what looked like some kind of sauce. The Soldier took the spoon, which Numbtongue had been licking, and dipped it into the bowl. He sampled a spoonful.
“What is it?”
“Mac and cheese. Which is…noodles and cheese. Erin says it’s from her home. It’s good for the stomach. Lots of energy.”
Numbtongue patted his. Then he frowned.
“Wait. Can you eat noodles?”
Yellow Splatters paused.
“Yes.”
The Goblin frowned.
“Erin said…”
He broke off, clearly trying to recall that pertinent bit of information. Yellow Splatters shrugged.
“My Soldiers and I can eat wheat. It is just…uncomfortable. Later. This is good. The cheese is good. Try mine.”
He slid his bowl to Numbtongue. The Goblin frowned at the black dots with wings.
“Acid flies.”
He shrugged and took his spoon back from Yellow Splatters. The Antinium had been using his fingers. Numbtongue loaded his spoon and took a bite. He crunched for a second with a sound that made the nearby diners gag. Excepting the other Painted Soldiers of course. Forty-nine of them were enjoying their own bowls of acid flies at nearby tables. Numbtongue chewed and swallowed.
“Hm. Crunchy.”
“You do not like it.”
Yellow Splatters looked at Numbtongue. The Hob shook his head.
“Okay. Good for travel. Not enough taste.”
“I see.”
The two stared at each other. Then, silently, Numbtongue offered his bowl to Yellow Splatters. The Soldier tipped the bowl up and spooned the cheesy sauce out over the acid flies. He handed the bowl back and Numbtongue ladled some of the cheesy acid flies into his bowl of noodles. The two began to eat.
“Hm.”
“Good. Crunchy.”
“Yes. Flavorful.”
The two smiled. Mrsha, staring over the edge of the table, gagged. Numbtongue grinned at her.
“This is Mrsha. You know her?”
