Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 19
He was singing. Ryoka Griffin’s mouth dropped, because it was astonishingly good pitch control. His head turned, looking left. Like a performer on a stage to an audience of one—no, two—his second head turned, and began singing.
 
“Everyone I know doesn’t see me
Somedays, somedays I can’t stand you.
But if they could see, could even see,
Would we be fine, just us two?”
 
The first face listened. Two heads, singing in a—a duet. He had something in one of his hands. It looked like a microphone. Only, it was clearly made of wood and painted. Hand-made, the only crude thing. He raised it to the first head’s lips.
 
“They talk to only you,
Somedays, somedays I wish it were true,
But if it wasn’t just us two, just us two,
Would you love me like you do?”
 
It was a song for two heads, clearly self-written. Performed with no intention of anyone seeing. It was so good, though, that Ryoka felt like recording it if she had her iPhone and putting it on the store. Especially because both heads were singing.
Two heads. A young man, a shock of short-cut hair on both heads, light black, skin a kind of unnatural orange that Ryoka had only ever seen on one other race—Gazi.
This was no Gazer, though. This young man…what was he?
If Ryoka could have been where Kevin was and compared the other humanoids, she would have seen how different he was from Ogres and Trolls. Ogres were tall, scaled up Humans in many ways, while Trolls were more squat, while still being tall. Skin like stone for Trolls, just thick skin for Ogres.
Cousins. Neither one was quite as…foreign as whomever this was. Yet he was heir to a bloodline older than both of theirs. Grander. He looked like he was young, which he surely was, yet Ryoka thought he looked astonishingly fit.
What was he? The singing…which species had two heads? Was he a variant of a Cyclops, some relative of Gazers?
No…Cyclops, Ogres, Trolls, ents, the old English word for Giant, eten, none of these descriptors worked. They were all too…young. Too narrow, species that didn’t fit.
Descendants of the original.
She had met his kind once before. Ryoka’s eyes widened as she recalled another member of the species, if distantly related. This? Her knees trembled a bit. She forgot completely about Gilaw, the alarmed immortals. She just looked at him. Could it be?
To find out who this young man was, his species, it was simple. Accept no substitutes. Go back, to the dawn of mythology. To Greek legend. To the age of g—Mount Olympus and their kind. Then go back further, to those who came before them.
Titans.
He wore a kind of loose toga, appropriately, like Drakes; perhaps the only thing that could be easily tailored for his frame. Both heads were attached to a fairly Human body, albeit with long arms, six fingers with carefully-cut nails.
Oh, and four arms. Ryoka had seen the Antinium before, but this was the prototype they were surely built on. A Titan of old, like the giant who had nearly eaten her in the lands of the fae. Yet if he was a rampaging brute, willing to throw down with old gods and creatures like Nama…
This was a teenager, or a young man, species aside, singing by himself in what he thought was private, oblivious to his guest. His song was self-conscious, but he swayed, turning as he sang with natural performative grace.
He was just a kid. And he was eleven feet tall. He was smiling as he sang. Right up until he saw the Wind Runner gawping at him. Then he froze, and two pairs of eyes locked onto Ryoka’s face with immortal terror—and embarrassment.
