Interlude – The Isles of Goblin and Minos
Page 37
His skin was burning with whatever the Goblins had hit him with. Khedal felt like he was breathing blood, but he was just thirsty.
The Minotaur burst across a stream and drank greedily. He splashed water over his face and then realized…it was a garden. Abandoned?
No, not like the other villages or roads. A single Goblin sat there with a tiny knife in hand. She was watching him.
Grey hair. He lifted his axe, but she didn’t move. She sat protectively in front of something she was working on. Then he realized it was a carving knife, and she sat among flowers which bloomed a light blue, in neat beds, and he’d just rampaged through another one.
The Minotaur was sick, dizzy, and he knew he had a fever. Or how else did he look at that statue and hallucinate further? His lips moved, and he grinned.
The Titan of Baleros had once boasted to him like that. Could he now say it? There was no mistaking the differences.
Pointed ears. Half-Elves, Goblins. So what? That was one feature. But there was something in the face. The eyes? A timelessness captured. The Minotaur shook his head.
He was seeing something else. It was a statue of a Goblin. It had to be. Or else why was it here? Why…
His lips moved, and he spat blood into the stream. Hoarsely, the Minotaur repeated that boast the Fraerling had once told to him.
“…I have looked upon the faces of Elves.”
The Goblin [Sculptor] said nothing as the Minotaur looked at the half-Elf standing there. His red eyes, his bloody armor…he stared at her in silence. Slowly, her lips moved.
“Yes.”
He didn’t know who it was. Khedal stumbled forwards, but the words on the statue were foreign to him…and the Goblin blocked the statue with her body. Protectively. He heard sounds from behind him and turned. One last time, he looked at the statue and thought it seemed familiar.
Oh, so many things were different, nuances of the body, hair, but the blood threw true. The Elf looked a bit like…that Named Adventurer.
Elia Arcsinger.
He left a trail of blood behind him. The Evercut Arrow dug into his shoulder, and the poison wormed at his mind. Imagining this. 
He crashed through a hedge-maze and stopped before a row of Goblins. They knelt or sat or raged at the sky. He realized they were made of stone, some as old as…
“Goblin Kings.”
That made sense. Khedal ran past the last one, Velan the Kind. Then looked back once. Each Goblin had been carved with something unreal, something—an object or something more than their face and features.
One held an island in her claw. Sóve. The one who had made this island. The second-to-last Goblin King was one that Khedal knew. His great-great-grandfather had died in battle against Curulac of a Hundred Days.
He held a little Goblin child wrapped in cloth in his hands. A greatsword leaned against the chair he sat in. That wasn’t the monster who had ravaged Terandria ere he died.
And Velan…Khedal saw the Goblin King kneeling next to bowls of herbs and stone potions. In his claws, he held a ring with two keys.
Then Khedal blinked, and he was running into the sand as Goblins shot arrows at the ship surging towards him. Minotaurs leapt into the water, grabbing him, shouting his name, and Khedal was rambling. They felt at his bandaged shoulder and called for an antidote—
Blink.
The Goblin kept poking him. Khedal raised his bloody axe, or tried to, but the old Goblin just pushed it down. He finally found the Evercut Arrow and yanked the head out.
“Mm? Mm.”
He slapped something on the shoulder and bound it with a bit of cloth. A poultice? Khedal rasped.
“I won’t be a prisoner.”
