Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 0

It was another day. One where Erin didn’t have anything planned while waking up.
No—to rephrase that, she didn’t have anyone else telling her what they needed done. No Grimalkin and his weights, no playdates with Mrsha at the inn. Nothing new, save for what Erin herself took on.
Normally, Erin treasured those days. They were rare in The Wandering Inn. And yes, some days Erin Solstice, insane Human, [Innkeeper] of the infamously famous inn, friend to Goblins, purveyor of strange events and her own kind of magic…sometimes she was tired.
It had been an interesting week. And they were all interesting weeks. The only times Erin really remembered nothing happening in the inn was every time something so large had happened that everything was background noise. Static.
Like the battle against Reiss, the Goblin Lord. The silence after Skinner had attacked. The days following Ulrien and Brunkr’s deaths.
The inn only really grew silent when something bad had happened. But Erin also remembered the feeling after the Horns of Hammerad had returned, victorious. There had been sadness, then. But triumph.
Until Toren, that was. It was true that the inn had a reputation. For great tragedy and great joy. But Erin felt like there was as much victory as loss.
Still, she recalled something. A brief two weeks where nothing had happened. A little camp, a ‘wilderness adventure’ which was really as dangerous and dramatic as camping in a curated safe zone. But it had been fun. Relaxing. She had needed it.
It already felt like a long time ago, but it had only been…a month ago? Something like that. And yet, Erin remembered waking up and fishing, or wandering around the camp. Taking out the portable chess set she’d brought, or staring at the sky.
She’d been terribly sad, then. But the two weeks had helped. And Erin had done a lot of thinking. She hadn’t enjoyed it as much as needed it. And if she had a choice—no. Erin wouldn’t do it like that again.
For one thing, Erin had a family. Mrsha, Lyonette, Numbtongue, Bird. She had left them behind because she’d needed to. But if Erin could do it again, she’d have brought Mrsha and Lyonette with her at least. Bird and Numbtongue would have been hard to smuggle into that campsite. But if Erin could take them to a theoretical campsite…
Erin Solstice lay in her Garden of Sanctuary and stared up at the sky, through the domed roof. And she felt the same feeling as before. But—different. Because she was all too aware this was a reprieve. She’d woken up near dawn, as always. It was a habit. And soon, Numbtongue would be here, scavenging his breakfast from the premade meals. Or Bird would appear, or Mrsha would rush down the stairs or use the Garden as a shortcut.
If Erin stayed here, she wouldn’t have her quiet days like at the campsite with Pallass Hunting. And in a way, that was what she craved.
Quiet times. Solitude. It might amaze anyone who had met Erin, but she enjoyed being alone as much as other people. Before coming to this world, she had sat in front of a chess board and practiced her game. Studied chess in solitude.
Erin Solstice had learned she was good at being social. She had learned who she was, and that she had other talents. Like fighting. Like her own brand of innkeeping, her special magic. But on a quiet day like this, where no one was supposed to ask her anything, part of Erin Solstice would have loved to do nothing more than lie on her back and stare at the sky for hours.
