Interlude – The [Rower] and the [Bartender]
Page 13
Not The Wandering Inn, but Pallass’ ritzy inn, The Noble’s Fancy. She would never, ever have gone to The Wandering Inn, even if it was…cheerful…to stay as a guest. She’d seen Erin Solstice’s idea of customer service and tasted her cooking. Now, she was heading back to her bar. Wondering if Rufelt had stayed there all three days.
That was Rufelt and Lasica. Not united; going through the same thing, differently. Trying to deal with something that nothing in their lives would ever have prepared them for. Searching for a solution to something that no one had ever solved easily if at all.
Perhaps both had forgotten the objective truth. That both loved the other. Or if they knew it, it seemed like a distant, uncertain truth. Shaken by themselves as much as anything.
It did not change the fact that Rufelt would have followed Lasica wherever she would have gone. Waited for her.
And that she would have never abandoned him. If they could have been certain of that, if they could just connect for a moment.
Perhaps it might be alright someday.
Hope for those days again. Lasica had a hood on, and cloak. Some of the [Guards] gave her looks of curiosity, but their Skills didn’t reveal criminality. She didn’t want to attract attention or false friends. She was walking down the grand staircase on the southern side; the 5th Floor, home to Tails and Scales, was her destination.
But the wrong side of Pallass. And there was at yet no horizontal elevator to take you across the city. Yet. The [Engineers] were talking about some kind of movable walkway, but that was just hypotheticals. They were surprisingly…confident…that it could be made, though.
Lasica could have used it now. She briskly walked, trying to think about buying groceries, what to say to Rufelt. Just—tell him to get to work. Just—don’t get engaged in talking about the fight. Move on, keep moving.
Someone called out to her, beyond the [Hawkers], [Shopkeepers], the [Crier] still trying to attract attention for the play tonight…Lasica had no time for any of it. She could brush all of them off, even Skills meant to entice her—as if any of them would work on her now—but the person’s voice was more insistent.
“You are Lasica, aren’t you? The [Chef]?”
“I am. Excuse me, I’m in a hurry. Not interested in shaking your hand or buying anything, good day.”
Lasica replied without even looking around. Unlike Rufelt, she was happy to be aggressively rude. But the person just followed her.
“I understand that. If I could have a few words?”
“Here’s a few; I’m not interested.”
The Drake still ignored the person. But this super-[Hawker] or…Lasica heard the voice again.
“I understand you’ve suffered a loss. I wanted to extend my condolences.”
This time, the [Chef]’s eyes widened. She swung around and confronted the person.
“Thank you, but I don’t want your—”
Her angry words were going to be accompanied by the verbal lashing of this woman’s life. Not physical; Lasica didn’t wave around kitchen knives, for all she had a few nasty cutting Skills. But she was not sparing with her tongue.
She halted, though. Because something was strange about the person who’d accosted her.
It was a woman. Gnollish, taller than Lasica, older, with grey in her sable fur. Beyond that? Lasica hesitated, because there was something so…average…about the woman that it was disconcerting. She was like a composite of Gnolls. No scars, no peculiarities at all to make her stand out in memory. No coloration of fur…
