Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 2
The undead ruler thought about this. Then he imperceptibly moved his head and checked the ceiling. He noted the Skyceiling was displaying a markedly different time than when he had first called Kevin. The ceiling could, at will, reflect the open sky above. It had been about midnight when he had decided to educate Kevin on Khelt’s greatness. Now it was dawning.
Six hours of nonstop illumination on Khelt and utopias. Kevin would not normally have been so indecorous, but stopping Fetohep was like trying to stop a sandstorm. He would have to make a salient point and to interrupt him was to offend.
“I forget mortal qualms. Very well, Kevin of Liscor. Go perform such…bodily functions. Then, we shall discuss what you believe is a utopia.”
“Er—very good your Majesty. Only—”
Kevin wanted to sleep. And eat food. And not do that. He looked around—then Fetohep heard a crash.
“Oh no! I think it might be a monster attack. Someone’s calling the alarm! I have to—I’ll have to—”
“A monster attack?”
Fetohep’s voice reflected extreme skepticism. He did not hear the warning horns or bells—just a crash as something was hurled against a wall. He was about to point that out when the speaking stone went dead.
The King stared at the floating communications device. The flames in his eyes narrowed to pinpoints. Visible fury passed over him—
Then was gone. Emotion did not rule Fetohep. But he was…peeved at the obvious slight. He indulged in the rare emotion for a second.
Then—he had second thoughts. If there was one thing an undead being of centuries was good at, it was introspection. Moreover, Fetohep had not had the Skills in life, but he had learned what some [Mages], [Strategists], and other great thinkers like [Secretaries] had mastered.
True introspection. First he was angry. Then he questioned why he was angry. He questioned if he, Fetohep, was wrong. He tried to take the mortal position and found himself wanting.
“Six hours is long by mortal spans. Moreover, young men rush about. He has a business of his own to run. Perhaps I interposed my will overlong to provoke such desperation. He is not a fool.”
The ruler of Khelt nodded to himself, already processing the event coolly. After a second his glowing eyes burned a bit brighter as something else occurred to him.
“Midnight is also not an appropriate time to be awake for many. Ah.”
How he forgot such things. Fetohep smiled—or he would have smiled if he bothered to make facial expressions—or he would have smiled if his dead flesh were capable of such intricate muscular motions—as he recalled one such memory.
He had once inadvertently killed fifteen diplomats in his first century of reign by inviting them to gaze upon the wonders of Khelt. Which had included some rooms that were quite without air. He had demanded to know why they would not stand in his presence right before they expired for lack of oxygen.
The memory was amusing in hindsight, even if he had been mortified at the time. Fetohep wanted to recall it to…he looked at the speaking stone and his eyes flickered.
Ah. It was dead. And the person he truly wanted to talk to—either of them, really, but one in particular—was not here.
Something strange. Fetohep of Khelt did not move from his throne, where he had sat for three days. Straight. Without getting up to pee, without so much as budging an inch. He didn’t scratch himself, he didn’t twitch, or even breathe—he had been as still as a statue.
For three days.
Oh, he spoke. He had been speaking quite a lot, really. And that was…odd.
