Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 22
Gire shook Firrelle. Akrisa had never seen someone shake someone like a child shook a figurine. It disturbed her because it was unnerving. It looked—painful. Firrelle made a sound. Gire put her down. The Ekhtouch Chieftain stood there, looking at Gire with such a mix of anger and shock—and sudden unease—she spoke curtly.
“I promise. I will stand for speaking against hunting Doombringers.”
Firrelle muttered, and the Chieftains eyed Gire. The [Paragon] nodded once and walked out of the tent. Firrelle followed Gire’s back with an ominous look, but she said nothing.
Either way—Torishi met Akrisa’s eyes, and the Chieftain exhaled.
Either way. It was time to go to the heart of it all. She had her alliance.
 
——
 
“We must stand together on the issues of the stolen magic and all to come, or we will perish. Tradition. Tradition and unity. If nothing else, Ulcreziek, I fear we will all perish.”
“Yes, Chieftain Xherw.”
The [Shaman], Ulcreziek of the Plain’s Eye tribe, frowned as he turned to Xherw. The Chieftain of the largest Gnoll tribe in the entire world looked—stressed. Small wonder, with all the unwelcome revelations.
All the danger.
“We must resist any…incorrect decisions. Most of all, we must avoid any unwelcome truths coming out.”
That was all Xherw said, even between the two. Ulcreziek nodded.
“That is a separate matter from the Meeting of Chieftains, surely. Any investigation will not matter for political support as much as if any evidence is uncovered. And short of the Walled Cities—all they have are allegations. There is no proof.”
“Yes…”
Xherw stretched out the word. He shifted, shook his head.
“Yes. You are correct, Ulcreziek, but there is also Earth, and Silverfang is poised to lead the arguments along with the other Great Tribes. I think Akrisa is a reasonable Gnoll, but I fear making a mistake in that or other things to come. I am simply worried. You are right. However, the easiest thing would be to find that Doombringer. To—reaffirm traditions.”
Ulcreziek frowned, then nodded.
“Ah. Focus the tribes on that.”
“What matters. Yes. The Raskghar—or doom. I feel odd, Ulcreziek. Almost as if Merish’s hunt was in vain in more ways than one.”
“He did his best by all accounts, though the Lizardman caused trouble. Will you hold it against him?”
Xherw shook his head.
“He is a brave, talented warrior. Why would I? Ulcre, no. I almost feel…”
He frowned and tasted the air, sniffing it. The Plain’s Eye [Shaman], with his one regular eye, the other he had inherited from the previous [Chief Shaman], looked at Xherw. Then the shadow he cast—the shadow in the air, the invisible presence Gnolls felt. Ulcreziek could see it.
Xherw spoke slowly, weighing each word.
“I feel as though one of them is in the Meeting of Tribes. And I did not feel so a while ago.”
The [Chief Shaman] looked at him sharply.
“That would explain a lot.”
“Misfortune? All of this? It would, Ulcreziek. It would be just what we need. Post watchers. Look around…carefully.”
Xherw touched Ulcre’s shoulder and turned.
“I will look myself, Chieftain Xherw, as long as I can take time from the Meeting of Tribes.”
“Split your time. And put our watchers out. Though, if it is that child or…they are so good at hiding. But I have a theory.”
Xherw’s eyes glittered.
“I think I know who it might be. But I will make sure.”
“How? Magic? My eyes?”
The Chieftain of the Plain’s Eye tribe shrugged. He began walking in a pointed direction.
“These things are too overt and would make them flee, especially if they know us, Ulcreziek. We have a talented way of finding things out. I will ask him.”
