Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 30
“Let’s see if we pinpointed all the tunnels. Mark them.”
Chaldion murmured to one of the younger [Strategists] who was on the job at once. He watched.
“Formation holding. Request—[Grand Strategist] use terrain changing Skill when—”
“I am aware, Manus. Let’s see how the adventurers do.”
Silence. The adventurers were set up and Sixswords had one of the paths.
They were funneling the Antinium. In the first war, the Drakes hadn’t known how to fight. This time—it was a tested strategy. Chaldion had come up with it.
[Wall of Steel]—no lesser spell. Fortification spells on the ground to prevent the Antinium from simply tunneling under the feet. A group of high-level fighters could hold the Antinium—so long as they could fight off the press of Soldiers.
This group of adventurers had left three avenues for the Antinium to attack from. The Grand Hive had the largest number of Prognugators and every variety of Antinium—but Antinium were Antinium.
Low-level. Unable to break through the whirling blades around the Swordsman of Six. Two of his blades were dancing in the air, covering him as he swung and cut down Soldiers charging at him. The other Gold-rank teams were casting spells and loosing arrows—and the Antinium couldn’t close. They were running into a wall of fire, reminiscent of the Couriers fighting [Assassins].
However. Like the Couriers, the Gold-ranks couldn’t sustain this forever, or even long. Soon, their magical reserves and ammunition and Skills would run low. They’d start taking wounds—one of the [Warriors] in front was already staggering back, struck by an arrow.
“Workers with bows. Adventurer Hesil is healing. Formation sustained.”
Chaldion nodded. He didn’t budge. He’d seen the Antinium break this formation. General Sserys must have employed it when he attacked the Grand Hive. He had still fallen.
When the Gold-ranks began to tire, the flow of ‘ordinary’ Soldiers would get nasty. Stealthed Silent Antinium, acid-spitting Flying Antinium, and Armored Antinium would enter to break the lines.
And Prognugators. They’d be in reserve, coordinating the attack. They would emerge to deal the final blow. Killing one of them would be a bonus.
“Status of Gold Ranks?”
An urgent voice from Oteslia. The First Gardener. She was here to ‘attract’ Wistram’s eyes if they were listening in. It still annoyed Chaldion.
She had eyes. She could see they were still just casting the spells, on the lookout but unmolested as of yet. The Antinium had very few detection capabilities if the adventurers kept silent and didn’t move. Oteslia’s precious Mivifa was fine.
“Wounded, Adventurer Shekris. Worker with bows.”
Chaldion frowned. Two Gold-ranks? Those were fast wounds compared to those on record.
“Someone’s coordinating their attack. And those weren’t regular arrows. That was a Skill.”
“Analysis suggests [Piercing Arrow].”
“Zeres confirms, [Piercing Arrow]. Worker in excess of Level 10? Speculation: Free Antinium.”
Free Antinium. Chaldion twitched. They were a wildcard. Skills…the Antinium were dangerous enough without Skills.
“Manus, suggestion: search and destroy higher-level Worker? Swordsman of Six—”
“Denied. Hold formation. There is a [Strategist] among the Antinium.”
Chaldion overruled it. They weren’t here to take risks. Manus was getting bloodthirsty, seeing the Workers turned to ash or cut down. How many had fallen? Four hundred?
It was nothing. That was how they lost Gold-rank teams and perhaps even a Named Adventurer. They grew overconfident. Antinium could throw themselves into battle for ages. Chaldion was counting.
