Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 17
“He is a…special class. We have already allotted him to the war effort. What then?”
Calruz scratched at his head. He looked around and then had it. He snapped his fingers, and a little rat poked her head around his horns to see what he was pointing at. So did all the Antinium.
 
——
 
That was how, as Crusader 51 pitched camp on the fourth night, after climbing the hills, the Antinium making camp around him—which was really just them sitting down and leaning against their packs since they had no need for bedrolls or the like—were marked by a single flag.
An Antinium Worker holding the flag aloft nervously held it with all four arms. He had a simple job.
Do not drop the flag. It was one of Liscor’s, the only one attached to their division. The Worker, incidentally, was a Painted Worker who had volunteered for the army, but had been woefully unable to hit a target. His name was Artur, one of the ones taken from famous chess players. Crusader 51 was, by now, a Level 4 [Crusader]. The Soldier went to sleep since no one had orders and heard a voice.
 
[Swordsman Level 8!]
[Skill – Feint Slash obtained!]
 
[Crusader Level 5!]
[Skill – Lesser Endurance obtained!]
 
He started and awoke. Across from him, Crusader 53, who was holding the mace in his lap, raised it, but Crusader 51 waved a hand to show him all was well. He sat back, amazed.
He never leveled before this. But now he was. So strange.
 
——
 
In the distance, the Worker holding the flag aloft sat there, with it drifting in the night’s breeze. Someone marched by, inspecting his soldiers, and paused as he came to the hapless Worker.
“You are aware that you may remove the flag when not marching?”
Prognugator Dekass stared down at Artur. The Worker stared up at him and kept holding the flag as straight as an arrow. Dekass stared at the flag. He stared at the Worker.
“Very good. Hold that flag.”
He marched off. The Worker lowered his head. After a while, he fell asleep, still holding the flag.
 
[Flag Bearer Level 7!]
[Skill – Repair Fabric (Minor) Obtained!]
 
The Worker was just a bit pleased by that. He was a poor [Crusader]. So he did not level up as one. But the Minotaur, Calruz, had told him that a flag was important.
It meant something.
She had held the flag. A white one. This one was different and had a different sign, but it meant home, or so the blue Drake told him. Belgrade had told Artur that the flag was important too. So the Worker held the flag because that was what he could do. He held it as he marched. He held it as he ate.
He did not hold it when he excreted, but he made someone else hold it and washed his hands because that was what Miss Erin had told them to do.
He missed Miss Erin.
For her, he held the flag when battle was joined. When arrows fell, when swords clashed on metal…the flag flew overhead. That alone was what Artur could do.
 
 
 
 
Olesm, [Strategist]
 
The first fighting occurred eleven days in, and it was brief. By then, Olesm had already gained an unwelcome notification.
 
[Leader Level 6!]
 
“Oh no. Ancestors damn it. It’s [Strategist]! Get it right!”
He emerged from his tent shaking his fist at the sky. But the class remained. Worse, Olesm couldn’t find it in his heart to deny it—not that it was fitting.
Was he being a [Strategist] or a [Leader]? Well, it seemed to him like the answer was obvious. Olesm had drawn up the supply lists himself. He had plotted their course, checked for traps, briefed officers, done everything a [Strategist] might.
