Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 10
“I see. And what is this?”
They stood outside of Pomle. Salii finished walking him around the area of lowland hills, some arid land, a single, much smaller oasis. They had been travelling for hours—Orjin had walked or run. Salii was riding a pony. Salii had been writing notes nonstop.
“This is Pomle, now. As we head back I’ll show you the northern section.”
Orjin turned his head. Pomle’s canyon was far, far in the distance.
“This isn’t Pomle. This is part of Tiqr.”
“I know. Now it’s Pomle. I just bought it.”
The Strongest stopped.
“Say that again.”
Salii winked at him. The Drake’s tail swished back and forth, making the pony restless. It picked up the pace and Orjin followed it.
“I bought part of Tiqr.”
“What?”
“I bought…part…of Tiqr. You know, the nation bordering us to the west?”
“How?”
The [Secretary] grabbed a [Memo] and replied to it with her quill as she spoke.
“Easy. Tiqr was defeated and the lands seized, remember? It’s ‘conquered’, but the other nations have to garrison it to keep their control. And Tiqr’s army is still attacking from the Kilalle Steppes. So I made an offer to the nearest area of control—that’s Lamullt, who got a piece of the border, and bought it from their king. He gave it to me cheap. Relatively speaking.”
“Was it exp—”
Orjin saw her smile and stopped himself from asking. He jogged on, after the pony. Salii gestured around the border she’d travelled. An invisible border, for now. A line on a map. She would make it a reality.
“We’ll expand the canyons. I can hire [Geomancers] to alter the ground, which will create natural defenses. This new area will be a perfect place for anyone who wants to train in real isolation. Also, they can train in the caves. There’s at least one underground area. Probably with monsters. They’ll love it.”
 
—-
 
The [Martial Artists] didn’t love it. They were…concerned. When they heard Salii had not only created money out of virtually nothing, created water, and now expanded Pomle, they were restless.
“She is bringing Pomle change.”
Orjin nodded to one of Pomle’s masters as they sat around, eating some bread, dates, and water. He spoke slowly, looking at the half-Giant, his hair uncombed, his body tough.
“Is that a bad thing? We are [Martial Artists]. If we cannot change—what do we train for? If you learned tomorrow that there was a way to punch stronger, faster, and all it required was a change in your form, would you not take it?”
“I would. But it is one thing for me to change how I act—another to walk over there and say ‘this is our land’.”
“True. But it was done according to their rules. Salii gave the [King] money. And he had taken it from Tiqr. Like the new techniques that the Humans have brought. I do not think it is wrong.”
“You say it Strongest, but some will challenge you.”
The half-Giant sighed. Orjin nodded. That was inevitable. However—he wasn’t going to stop Salii.
“We remember the past because of what it created. This. But the future we should always look towards because of what it could improve. We strive to be the best. Whatever that is—we should embrace. And watch, to make sure it is for the best.”
The other masters sharing a meal nodded. That was the attitude Pomle needed. They could not languish in the past. That was foolishness. And perhaps…
It was the Drathian [Blademaster] who spoke up, thoughtfully. They had been so resistant to Salii at first, but after this—her opinion had changed.
