Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 29
“Which is?”
“Lord Kallinad! To the prow! More ships ahead!”
“Alright! I’m done! Stop with the ‘more ships’! It’s getting ridiculous!”
Yerranola threw down her hatchet on the deck and threw her hands up. She stomped up the deck with Wil. Lasc was calm.
“Don’t worry, Miss Yerranola. I don’t think we’ll have more.”
“How do you know?”
“…Don’t reckon there are many more ships in the sea, Miss.”
He pointed. Ahead of them, Drowned Ships were rising out of the sea. Captain Therrium eyed the Minotaurian warship, and The Emerald Signet as dozens of Drowned Ships rose around him. The Undersea Crews, all of them in the area.
From the west came an armada. Captain Lasc was counting.
“The Bloodtear Pirates, the Death’s Heads, the Salt Dogs—I see a dozen [Pirate] bands. More.”
“Ooh, the Death’s Heads? They’re Selphids. Maybe I can talk them out of killing us!”
Yerranola stared into the distance. Merrik stared.
“Good. That leaves only…a few dozen warships. From that side.”
“The Salt Dogs are Gnolls.”
“Think you can talk them out of fighting us?”
Yerranola looked at Feshi. The Gnoll [Strategist] shook her head.
“Nope. They’re evil.”
“Ah.”
The students and [Sailors] stood at the railings. Looking around. Wil wondered aloud.
“How did they all get here?”
“I think everyone was following us already. Kind of flattering, when you think about it. What’s our game, Wil?”
“Toss the swords over the edge and pray they fight over it while we run?”
Yerranola suggested. King Fetohep gave her a cold look. He seemed amused.
“I should mention this to Atwood.”
Wil had no idea what that meant. And then—well—he saw the final ship show up. The last, fitting element.
A glowing ship on the horizon. It sped after both ships, faster than any other ship on the ocean. It shone with brilliant light. Wil recognized it now, the second time.
The Illuminary. And standing on the deck was Captain Rasea Zecrew. Yerranola called out as the ship sailed at them.
“Oh, thank Rhir! They’re going to save us! We can get on the ship, speed out of here—”
“Ahoy! Looks like a real fight! Look at all these ships! I haven’t seen so many in a decade in the same place! It was worth sticking around!”
Captain Rasea excitedly drew up alongside The Emerald Signet. The Minotaurian warship was turning and Prince Khedal was staring at Captain Rasea with clear rage. The ballistae on her ship were duplicates of the ones on his warship.
The [Pirate Captain] gave Wil a wink. He just looked at her.
“…Are you coming to bail us out, Captain Rasea? Help us escape?”
Her eyes widened.
“You know, that sounds like a lot of fun. But no. We’re robbing you. Mind handing over the Swords of Serept?”
She winked at Wil. Then she did a double-take.
“Hey, did you recruit an undead sand-person onto your ship?”
Fetohep looked offended. Wil just stared at Captain Rasea. He felt…let down. Not so much by the impending doom and the three vast navies as…her.
“Captain Rasea, you promised me you’d let our ship go.”
She had promised. And somehow, in this moment, this singular broken vow stung most of all. The [Pirate Captain]’s eyes widened.
“Well—obviously, I lied. I just thought you wouldn’t give up the treasure beforehand. I was right to wait. The Treant proved that. But I didn’t lie, lie. I gave you my oath.”
“But you still broke it.”
“Not exactly.”
The [Pirate Captain] smiled. Lord Seagrass was pursuing from behind. The Drowned Crews were advancing, chanting. The [Pirates] were roaring as they came on. But Rasea just smiled. She stared at the sky as Wil looked at her.
