Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 10
Something about the game called to the day-drinking, relaxed guests. And Erin just needed felt? Wilovan glanced at Ratici.
“We know someone who could get you felt, Miss Solstice.”
“Really? Wow! I was gonna go into Liscor and ask Krshia or someone. That’d be great. You know a felt-guy?”
“That’s right, Miss Solstice. We’d be happy to reach out to them. What, do you need it just layered on top? That’s a quick job.”
“Ooh. Can you make it…either green, or blue. Really fine stuff, too. Thanks! What’s your name?”
The Drake with the cap and odd way of speaking offered a claw and Erin shook it. He grinned at her.
“Ratici, Miss. And this is my companion, Wilovan, as he is. We’re exceptionally pleased to make your acquaintance. We’ve met before.”
“Oh, really? Actually…I’m so sorry I forgot! Wow! Nice to meet you again, Ratici. So you like this game?”
“It has a charm, Miss Solstice.”
“Call me Erin. And I was going to do a ping pong table too, even though I suck at it—”
“A what now?”
Olesm was walking up the hill with Maviola. Erin was talking to the two Gentlemen Callers, getting to know them and reflecting that she might need multiple tables. Multiple game rooms; ping pong was a travelling game, especially when you hit the ball, after all. She’d been holding back on ping pong since the balls were plastic, but that was why Hedault existed, right?
And that was when the carriage screeched to a halt. It was an expensive one, and it had turned to follow the Drake and [Lady]. A woman, dressed in fine clothes and accompanied by the bodyguards surrounding the carriage leapt out.
“Grandmother!”
Lady Desinee wasn’t Maviola El’s actual granddaughter. She was, in fact, a niece. But ‘Grandmother’ applied to the House of El’s former matriarch as well as anything else. Maviola El turned her head.
“Desinee?”
“We found you at last! Grandmother! You didn’t even tell us! And you went to Liscor? You can’t die!”
“Uh…”
Olesm looked at Maviola. He stared at the [Lady] trying to climb up the grassy hill in her expensive shoes and dress, flanked by bodyguards wearing the colors of the House of El. Yellow, red, and silver.
The Drake’s brow wrinkled as his mind struggled to present the logical conclusion through his redefining reality. Maviola was scowling.
“Desinee, I made my choice. You were there! Get back in your carriage and go home. That is an order.”
But her niece refused to budge. Maviola wasn’t the matriarch of House El anymore. Desinee shook her head.
“Made your choice? Without telling anyone but Deilan? Or me? You—you just rode off! Everyone’s been searching for you! Zedalien is going to quit and—grandmother, you have to come back! Even if it’s just for a few days. You can rest with your family!”
“Grandmother?”
Olesm looked at Maviola. He looked at Desinee. The [Lady] was staring at him as her guards helped her up the hill. Maviola groaned.
“This is why I never had children. Olesm—”
She turned to him. And whatever Maviola might have been able to say before Olesm fainted was forestalled by the second vehicle abandoning the road. Only, this one wasn’t a carriage.
It was a chariot. A proper, Chandrarian chariot. And it shot up the hill as the two warhorses surged up the slope. The driver had a Skill that let the horses drag the chariot uphill at speed.
Oh, and the driver also had a long spear. She swung it as Maviola’s head whirled.
“Maviola El, I have you now!”
