Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 0

(The Wandering Inn is on break! The author (me), is also going on my first vacation in…two years? At least a year! We’ll be back on July 13th, 2024 for Patreons! See you then!)
 
So they left their homes, each one for a different reason.
Different species, united by a common cause.
To war, battle, perhaps certain death.
Because it mattered.
Because it was right.
They might die within the first hour, the first day, or month. They might eventually go back home; either way, their stories would only rarely be known, perhaps never told.
That glorious army—armies representing the world disembarked from their homes. When they arrived—they did so piecemeal, or in vast fleets. The brave, the reluctant—it mattered not.
They came to the Blighted Kingdom, the continent of Rhir, the most deadly land in the world to hold the Demons to justice.
Drakes, Gnolls, Dullahans, Lizardfolk, Humans, Stitchfolk, Centaurs, Selphids and more…every species you could imagine. They were bound by ancient pacts, and galvanized by the atrocities of the Demons’ ritual.
Every major power had sent far more [Soldiers] and materiel than normal. The desultory contributions that sometimes led to piecemeal armies had ended.
Here came entire navies. Escorting ships filled with troops. Hundreds of [Knights], sworn to avenge loved ones. Even minor nobility.
It was the first wave, the outraged response against the Demons. It could not have come sooner, for the Blighted Kingdom. After all—
The Deathless were coming back. As they always did. The greatest leaders of the Demon King’s armies.
The Death of Magic, Silvenia, had shown her face at last. She alone provoked nightmares among the top [Strategists] of the Blighted Kingdom. A [Mage] without equal, who had practically destroyed 5th Wall by herself. Holding her back if the Demons made incursions would be a task worthy of legends.
Archmage Zelkyr and the Necromancer of Terandria had both failed to defeat the Demon King’s Deathless. Here were real legends of centuries past, still threatening Rhir. Perhaps—responsible for the tragedy that had struck at the world.
It was also a concern, because for all the nations of the world were sending reinforcements—no one wanted to send their national treasure or greatest [General], especially if they were fighting wars at home.
Especially if the Deathless would tear them apart. It was a prescient thought in the normally stolid Drakes of the combined Walled Cities, a joint task-force sailing with Zeresian escort. They had put aside their differences to guarantee safe transit to Rhir.
The journey had been long, tiring; they couldn’t skip across powerful currents and they were mundane ships, not crewed by famous [Captains] with Skills or magic. The Drake [Soldiers], renowned for their quality training and formations, were restless. They were ready to take the fight to these damn Demons, but the Deathless…
“How can we fight something like that, [Charge Commander]?”
One of the Drakes asked the Gnoll [Commander] from Manus. The Gnoll grunted, casting eyes at the one [General]—a Fissival [Magic General]—sourly. He stood with his group; Manus. Not a lot of Gnolls, here. Oteslia of course, and a handful from Zeres; he hoped he’d find more of his people from the tribes to mingle with.
Some of the Drakes from the smaller cities who’d joined the ‘tithe’ to the Blighted Kingdom—which was referred to as ‘Defenders of the Blighted Kingdom’ for obvious symbolic reasons—had never fought side-by-side with Gnolls. There had been a few brisk fights onboard while the cooped-up reinforcements stewed.
