Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 3
Whatever that meant, Velden just nodded and seemed encouraged. Vess almost went to see this new group, who’d marched in and made camp away from everyone else. It seemed top brass needed them, but didn’t like them, if the [Company Captain]’s grousing was any indication. They passed by Big Yam’s tents the eve of the battle.
“Not under our command? What do I do? Just ignore them? They’re being led by some Gnoll with a fancy spear. Listen, [Major]. I at least need to tell them where to go. I won’t have some cowardly [Mercenary Captain] running off if…”
Vess didn’t have that much of a problem with Gnolls. Sometimes they caused fights in Luldem, and he heard tales…like the Meeting of Tribes had violent, warmongering tribes, but they were a generally peaceable lot from his time working in the mines. They weren’t all [Thieves]. Hectval seemed the most outraged, though they had the most at stake in the war.
In fact, Luldem and Drisshia’s soldiers got into arguments with Hectval’s as it was ‘their fault’ the war began. Officers stopped them from becoming brawls, but it also seemed like an issue around Gnolls?
Vess didn’t know. He went to sleep and slept for maybe thirty minutes, or so it felt. When he woke up and assembled with Big Yam’s squad, behind Velden, he was afraid. Petrified. When he saw Liscor’s army and the Black Tide wearing armor, he almost ran. He braced himself for the fight, the wand in his sweaty claw. It had sixty shots; then he had to use the shortsword of cheap iron.
 
——
 
Vess didn’t fight in the first battle, just past midday. The Alliance retreated too fast. He saw the officers try a complex attack where wedges of [Soldiers] in squads attacked Liscor from all sides.
It looked like a nest of angry hornets striking the rough dome formation from all sides. Vess was about to go in when someone began blowing a horn. Velden looked up.
“Ancestors. We’re falling back!”
Vess looked at him in shock, but the Alliance abandoned the field after less than twenty minutes of fighting. Not for no reason; Liscor’s army was cheering as the Alliance left twice or three times as many dead as Liscor’s.
The Antinium broke Drisshia’s armor. That elite company kept charging the squads attacking, and Vess saw a flight of phantom arrows, glittering with magic far beyond any he had mastered, with his own eyes. He stood with Big Yam’s squad in a state of shock.
Vess noticed the Gnoll with dark armor and that spear watching the battle and talking with the Drake consultant as the high command’s tents erupted into a flurry of shouting. He looked calm. In fact, his eyes were locked on the Antinium.
Vess could hear Liscor’s army cheering as the Alliance’s forces fell back. One group of Antinium in particular were waving their weapons. The Drakes and Gnolls were cheering, those traitors! They were shouting…
“…battalion! Crab Battalion!”
Nonsensical. Inane. The thought that anyone could cheer Antinium was…Vess felt sick. He marched back to their camp, as limp as a rag despite not having fired a single spell. When he heard they would be doing a night attack, he almost ran. But if he was caught, they’d give him a deserter’s brand or hang him or…
He was afraid, but he couldn’t let Velden go without him. So Vess didn’t sleep. When they went into battle, the [Magic User] was ready to die. He had no idea what was coming next.
 
——
 
A storm of darkness covered the sky. Vess shouted, but the [Sergeant] roared.
“It’s the plan! Go! Go! That Gnoll—”
