Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 36
“Now we see how to increase the value of one slave, Igheriz. Will you place your trust in me again?”
“I will, Emir Riqre.”
Igheriz was drawn by the lure of levels, the promise of increasing Pisces’ value. If Pisces reached Level 39, Igheriz might well reveal this and start the bidding war anew. So when Emir Riqre beckoned for Shein, Igheriz didn’t hesitate.
“[Slave], go forth. Don’t hesitate. You have seen Pisces’ skill!”
Shein was terrified, yet the [Guards] just thrust him forward when he hesitated. He began to protest.
“Master Igheriz, please—”
“Oh, silence.”
Riqre’s brows snapped together and Shein’s collar glowed. The voice cut off and Riqre inspected him. He had only broken the first pair of legs. He gestured to a guard.
“Both legs. A good breakage. Here, here, here.”
He pointed to three spots on Shein’s leg. The Bronze-rank adventurer screamed in silence and thrashed as men held him down.
Pisces was sick, but it was fast. Shein was sobbing silently when it was done. He looked at Pisces, but Riqre stopped the [Necromancer].
“This time, Pisces. I would like you to do something for me. Something…different.”
“What?”
Pisces was tired, but he wanted to hurry; Shein had no painkillers and Pisces could mend him quickly. Yet Riqre had something else. He turned and Pisces saw something placed beside Shein. Both adventurers stared at…a bone.
A huge bone. Yellowed, but new. Riqre smiled.
“That is a Grand Elephant’s femur. Pisces. Do you know what I want you to do with it?”
Pisces turned his head. Riqre answered him before Pisces spoke.
“I would like you to make this man…Shein…I would like you to make his bones stronger. Or perhaps make him taller? Flesh is an issue. Lighter, even. Shorter! Whatever you like!”
Pisces stared at Riqre.
“You want me to change his bones?”
“Yes. And if you do not, and if the bones are the same, they will be broken and he will be left there…. Igheriz, this is how you add to the value of more than one slave at a time.”
The Emir chuckled. Pisces turned to Shein. The man could talk, as Pisces slowly walked over. Pisces stared at the bone.
“Pisces…Adventurer Pisces, sir.”
“I’m sorry. I…”
Pisces looked back at Riqre. Shein tried to grin.
“Always…I’ve not taken wounds this bad before. I thought I could handle it. You saw me blubbering like a baby.”
“Everyone screams, Shein. Don’t think of it. Just—just relax.”
Shein tried to nod, and a groan escaped his lips. He looked at Pisces, fear in his eyes, a mortal terror.
“Can you heal me? Are you going to…?”
“Do you want me to?”
Pisces stood there. He looked at Shein and thought of Yvlon. He had done this, too. He had never really considered it until Yvlon had asked him to help. Hadn’t he improved her?
“He will if he wants to ever walk, Pisces!”
Riqre called out cheerfully. He waved from where he was feeding Meritha grapes upon his lap, to the envy of all the other [Slaves], and Pisces looked at the man. How could he know Pisces’ past like this? Put together necromancy in this way? Could he read Pisces’ soul?
“I…what do you want me to do, Shein?”
“J-Just—”
Shein’s eyes were rolling up in his head. He clutched at Pisces’ arm.
“Just make the pain go away. Please? And keep me normal? Normal looking?”
Then his eyes turned to whites and he fainted. Pisces removed the hand, and gently laid Shein’s head back. He stood there a while, then knelt.
“I promise.”
 
—-
 
The next day, Shein walked. He walked, and stared at his legs. Everyone did.
