Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 3
All the Architects exchanged glances. Now, they understood. A Tallfolk had found a Fraerling Village, for all Paeth was a metropolis. They knew the stories, the danger—even if it was more distant for them than the Tallguard, who lived to avoid such things. Another Architect shook his head.
“We can’t have that. Alright, Sentry Leader, we can see you are here on a mission of importance. What would you like to do? What are our options?”
Ekrn sighed. He tried to be diplomatic, but he wasn’t good at it. Even his idiot subordinate who’d gotten them all into this mess, Noa, would have been better. Still, no help for it. He tried to lay it out as gently as possible.
“I’ll be honest with you, Architects. Trying to wipe his memory isn’t feasible, even if we had the allotment to spare on the project—and we don’t have that kind of draught, let alone in the quantities to drug a Tallfolk.”
“Enchantments? We could try a forgetting spell.”
The Enchanter suggested. Ekrn shook his head.
“Too big. A linked spell? Tallguard records show the Tallfolk remember, especially if they find magic’s been done. I’ll be honest, all I need is authorization. Then, we’ll lead him off, clean up the blood, and find some nice place—maybe the river if I can mount an expedition out that far. Gnomes laugh at me, he’s already unconscious. If we could roll or drag him…well, we’ll make sure he’s unaware, or we’ll put him to sleep. Then—one crossbow bolt through the ear should do it. He won’t feel a thing, and no one ever finds out.”
The Architects had been listening, even nodding to the entire plan Ekrn outlined. Right up until he mentioned ‘crossbow bolt through the ear’. Then their expressions changed to ones of pure horror.
“Sentry Leader Ekrn! You can’t be suggesting we just murder someone like that?”
Ekrn sighed. Damnit. Damn it all to cats and Tallfolk children. He stared up at the ceiling as the horrified, fundamentally decent Architects reacted like anyone in Paeth might. They weren’t murderers. If he could ask the Skywatcher, he’d probably have gotten authorization to do it in seconds. The Tallguard stood, arms folded, in the genteel interior of Paeth. Far from where he did his rounds.
“He’ll wake up eventually. We had to treat him to make sure he didn’t expire; we’d have had to cart him out in pieces in bags of holding and the corpse would have attracted every scavenger in the world. You want us to keep healing him? Feed him? What about letting him leave knowing where we are? Architects! I can do it myself!”
But of course—this was Paeth. So Ekrn listened, argued, and cursed, and wished he’d never met the giant lying outside his home.
Luan Khumalo lived. By nightfall, Ekrn was shouting at his Tallguard, cursing nonstop as more of the Tallguard’s [Healers] attended to disparate sections of him. Already, there were crowds clustered at the entrances or the viewing windows for a look, and people protesting the danger.
A giant had come to Paeth. That was the problem. He was just one man, but Luan alone towered over the rest of the smallfolk. He was little threat to Paeth, even if he was strong. The problem was—there were a lot of giants out there. So many.
They could never find Paeth’s Tree by the Coast. For, as every Tallguard knew—
That was how Fraerlings died.
 
—-
 
When Luan woke up, it was almost…reassuring to find how like a story it was. It proved he hadn’t been rendered insane by his time at sea, by his meeting with—with—whatever it had been during the Summer Solstice.
