Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 11
There was an empty orb in the center of the golem, with…Nsiia stared inside. Something broken inside? It looked like shards of metal. But the orb was not magical. Nsiia had learned magic—she sensed nothing from the orb, despite it being covered with the most intricate runework yet. There was no magic here! The closest she could find was, interestingly, jars of magicore embedded in points along the war golem’s body.
Glass tubes, filled with the glowing molten rock. Each one a different color. Nsiia eyed a glowing red one that radiated heat—an eyesearingly-bright one, a standard, element-less magicore tube…
“This must be to power the spells. Fire magicore for [Fireball]. Light for [Light Arrow]. Smart. The Golem can take energy from here and be given more power. But this can’t power the Golem itself, surely? Damn, damn—where is the power source?”
She wished she knew more about Golems. But Nsiia had no books—and no teacher despite Femithain being a very amiable host. She had seen them in battle, even destroyed them herself. But Nsiia had never been able to take the time to dissect one.
Now, she was lost. Frustrated, Nsiia sat down and growled. She went to the other five Golems. Let’s see. One was made of glass, and waiting to be filled with magicore. But that wasn’t a good example; Femithain had said it was highly experimental, a walking mana-battery Golem if it worked.
Another was extremely lifelike. Male, Human, around…sixteen? The sculpted ‘hair’ was just grown past short-cropped and the youth’s features were extremely pretty. He had no pubic hair, and, Nsiia was relieved to see, no genitals.
She eyed the Golem with distaste. This one was made of ceramics, white, and the Golem would be one of the servant-Golems, probably for some rich commissioner. Femithain had groused about this one, but his ability to create Golems was such that this looked like a perfect serving boy.
“May you delight whichever fool purchases you, Golem. Lack of genitals and all. Not that it will stop them, I’m sure.”
Nsiia laid a hand on the Golem-boy’s head and gave it her blessing. The Golem stared ahead, all but finished. It was sealed, but she had seen Femithain make it in a single week, grousing all the while and clearly not enjoying the task. But he’d done it professionally and not once had she seen the power source. Just another orb in the center, the nexus of the command spells.
“Hm.”
The other three Golems were too early in the process of creation for Nsiia to learn more. She shook her head, dispirited, and looked around the workshop. If she couldn’t solve this last puzzle…
“I’ll take this. And this. And this…”
A tube of raw magicore, one of Femithain’s magical brushes, and some of his ‘paint’ went into Nsiia’s bag of holding. She looked around, rearranged some of Femithain’s supplies so he wouldn’t notice the thefts, and leapt back to her balcony.
Nsiia was no [Thief]. She had debated taking the class, but ended up turning it down. She’d never level high enough stealing like this, and it wasn’t a class that would help her, even if it gave her amazing stealth Skills. She could not help Tiqr just by running away.
No—it was Nsiia’s other new class, [Golem Maker] that she believed in. Nsiia returned to her rooms and then, carefully, entered her largest closet, now cleared of clothing. It was her workshop, and all of the tools were normally hidden in neatly-folded rugs and blankets in there. Nsiia had asked the staff not to clean her personal room in any case.
