Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 10
The Drake peered around furtively as she protectively held the mushroom to her chest.
“We have [Mages]. Maybe one of them knows how it works? Or I’ll put it in a bag of holding. Look, no one takes it from me, agreed? I’ll give you something if it’s worth it…does anyone have a container? It might be poisonous; look at those spots!”
“You can use my helmet. We’ll put something over it.”
The Gnoll eagerly offered. The squad was just about to look for more mushrooms when Wing Commander Embria rode past them.
“That’s not a rare mushroom.”
The [Soldiers] froze, and the one holding it tried to hide it behind her back. Embria sighed as she dismounted and looked around for Olesm.
“What, officer? What mushroom? We were just talking about, uh, a mushroom we dreamed about! A—”
An amused Captain Wikir cut the protesting [Soldier] off.
“That’s not a valuable mushroom. It’s just an ordinary purple one, yes?”
“Ah, but this one has spots!”
Wikir and Embria exchanged a weary, weary look. Embria sighed, and Wikir’s entire squad began laughing themselves sick. The new recruits looked uncertainly at the mushroom, and Wikir broke it to them.
“Those are insect eggs, you idiots. Haven’t you ever seen…?”
Embria saw the mushroom go sailing over the side of the cliff and rolled her eyes. But she had to confess…she’d done the exact same thing back in the day.
Everyone thought a mushroom with dust on it was the next big alchemical ingredient.
“Commander Olesm! Sir!”
She saluted and came to a stop as a Drake jumped and stopped arguing with two newly-instated [Division Leaders].
[Division Leaders]. Not [Division Captains] or [Marshals] or any combination of any military rank. This was derived from the [Leader] class and it meant…
Well, it meant the army wasn’t in the right shape to field a [General], much less most officer ranks. Liscor had an army, and they had countless officers. However, in lieu of such classes, or to make room, you had the [Leader] line.
[Wing Commander] Embria saw the Gnoll and Drake turn to her, and Olesm raised his head.
“You don’t need to stand on formality, Wing Commander. You’re second-in-command if need arises; speak to me.”
Embria glanced at the sub-officers and tried to be as diplomatic as possible.
“With respect, sir, is a halt a good idea now? We’re three days into our climb, and we were hoping to reach the fighting highlands yesterday.”
She glanced up towards a summit yet higher overhead, which marked more flat ground to maneuver around. To fight here, with an enemy occupying the high ground, was a nightmare, and her company would have already been lounging at the top.
But Liscor’s army was having trouble even getting into position. Olesm gave Embria a grimace that said he knew it too.
“The [Soldiers] are having difficulty climbing. Not yours…can I hope it’s due to a Skill? Do you have a terrain Skill, Wing Commander?”
She coughed into one claw.
“Er, [Mudgrip Boots] is the only one I have. I know one of my officers has [Climbing Expertise] as a unit-based Skill, but we have not had to use it, sir.”
Because it’s not hard to climb a hill. Olesm read between the words.
“Could he or she…use it to move a large body of soldiers?”
“The limit is forty, unfortunately, commander.”
Olesm rubbed at his temples.
“…We may still need that. I’m debating having someone cut stairs or some easier way of climbing up. Could we use your [Light Bridge] spell to…?”
Embria didn’t feel like wasting a scroll on getting [Soldiers] uphill. She looked around and raised a claw.
“A quiet word, Commander Olesm?”
