Interlude – Krshia
Page 11
There wasn’t. The tension in the inn grew more taut, but the adventurers weren’t willing to risk a fight. Olesm edged to the door, remembered there was a magic one behind him, and then fled through that. The Watch followed after him, as did Embria’s soldiers. Krshia slowly let out a breath. She saw the adventurers turn to each other as Zevara strode out the door.
“Moth eggs!”
Revi slammed her hands on the table. Halrac grunted and Ylawes sat back down slowly. Falene, the half-Elf who smelled of floral perfumes, looked around.
“Well. That went poorly. What should we do now?”
Jelaqua ran a claw down the back of her head.
“We’ll go on foot, then. Or…Gazer’s tits, I don’t know! Go south instead? It’s been years since we worked in Drake lands.”
“We can’t go south.”
Ylawes and Halrac looked up. Jelaqua eyed them.
“Why not? You’re adventurers, and it beats trying to outrun the Goblin Lord, right?”
Both Humans opened their mouths and didn’t know what to say. Jelaqua shook her head.
“Dead gods, we shouldn’t have brought it up! We should have just gone without telling them—do you think we can go north anyways? What if we hired that Hawk guy to carry another mana stone to Celum and just teleport there? Or if we sent one person on horseback—”
The adventurers turned to each other and began to argue loudly. Krshia sat back in her chair.
“Worse and worse.”
She shook her head. Now the adventurers were fleeing the city. It was as if they thought Liscor would fall for certain. But wasn’t there a chance? Wasn’t there a reason to stay? Maybe not for them, but surely—
“Krshia?”
A voice made Krshia sit up. She saw Lyonette hurrying over to her. The [Barmaid] was wiping her hands on a cloth. She smiled apologetically, but like Zevara’s smile, it was a facial expression rather than an indication of any happiness.
“Lyonette. Greetings.”
“Hello Krshia, I’m so sorry to keep you waiting, but we’re really busy. Erin was arrested and they haven’t let her out of jail yet. I’ve been managing everything myself and trying to cook—can I get you anything?”
Krshia looked around. Aside from Drassi, there were no other staff. Or guests. The adventurers were eating and drinking, but the news of the impending siege of Liscor had cleared Erin’s inn just as thoroughly as the Raskghar attacks had.
“I am fine Lyonette, and I did not mind waiting, yes? I only came here to see if Mrsha would like to join me for a day. As we spoke about last time, remember?”
Lyonette hesitated.
“Mrsha? Oh, yes. That would be—I have a mountain of dishes from all the soldiers and Ishkr’s not in. But an entire day?”
“Or a few hours. Mrsha should have lessons and it would be good to get her out of the inn, yes?”
Lyonette nodded uncertainly and looked over her shoulder. Krshia saw Mrsha was sitting on the ground. The Gnoll had been playing in a corner of the inn while the adults talked. She’d been playing with her ball and trying to get Apista to roll it back to little avail. She looked bored.
“It—it would help. Mrsha’s been cooped up and I can’t take her to Celum. But Liscor—”
“She would be safe as a house, in my house, yes? If we go out, she will only help me with my stall. She will not be alone, I promise.”
Krshia smoothly reassured Lyonette. The young woman bit her lip, but then one of the adventurers—Revi—called for more alcohol as their debate grew fiercer. That decided her.
“I need to go. Yes, please. And thank you! We’re going to have more guests, so if you could bring Mrsha back by dinner—if that’s not too much to ask? Mrsha, honey, would you like to go with Krshia?”
