Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 8
“You’re not being shrunk down. That’s stupid. Do you know how hard it is to change size? We’re not paying for that, even if we did have all the recipes to brew a shrinking draught—let alone enough for you! No, we’re doing something simpler. See this? Know what it is?”
He held up something and Luan stared at it.
“…Is that an eyeball?”
“Fresh.”
The [Alchemist] recoiled. So did Luan, slightly. It wasn’t just an eyeball; it was floating in a jar. A small eye. Luan didn’t want to know what animal had given it up.
“It’s not exactly a scrying spell; we don’t allow those anywhere near the village. How it works is—well, you explain, [Alchemist].”
Ekrn turned to the Fraerling man, who was pouring himself a vial of the cauldron’s contents. He inspected the clear liquid that nevertheless had trapped ‘bubbles’ of multi-colored orange and green, and then looked up at Luan. He eyed the Human, poured the vial back into the cauldron, and indicated it.
“You drink all of this, Human. That will put you to rest; mainly so you work with the spell. Then we perform a bit of magic and you’ll see through this eyeball. Even talk!”
“I’ve never heard of magic like that before.”
Luan looked uneasy. The Fraerling chuckled.
“Nonsense! Even Tallfolk know this spell. It’s a basic scouting spell; Tallguard use it all the time, even the Farspeaker! It’s just a bit of necromancy…”
“Necromancy? Hold on—”
The Fraerlings convinced him. It was mostly Ekrn telling Luan it was perfectly safe and that he had no choice that did the trick. Also—him telling Luan to his face that he’d be one of a few mortals who ever saw the inside of a Fraerling Village.
“It’s just so stupid. This is the problem with leaving it to the Inners.”
“That what-ers? These Architects? Your leaders?”
Ekrn shook his head. Noa, who’d already befriended Luan, waved cheerily. She had dark skin, not as dark as his own, and moss-leaf hair. Dyed, apparently. She wasn’t allowed to make it any vivid, unnatural colors, but green was fine for the jungle they were in.
“He means non-Tallguard, Luan. It’s like…non-[Soldiers] for you, I guess. The Architects aren’t the problem; everyone inside Paeth probably hasn’t ever seen Tallfolk before! Let alone gone outside!”
Luan stared at the tree in front of him. It was huge, a giant among giants on Earth, possibly a contender for one of the largest trees in the world there. Even so, he couldn’t believe it was home to seven hundred thousand.
“You’re telling me there are Fraerlings—Inners—who live their entire lives without seeing the outside world?”
“Yup. Tallguard are different. Special. We’re the only ones who go outside to make sure there are no threats. Anyways, there’s plenty of room inside.”
“Even with so many?”
“Yep. It’s bigger on the inside than the outside. Dimensional magic. Like Wistram, they say. Haven’t you seen something like it?”
She gave him a round-eyed look of innocent mystery, as if this was normal. Luan glanced at Ekrn, and the [Sentry Leader] gave him a significant glance. It seemed Ekrn understood more than even his other Tallguard why Luan’s peek was so worrying.
They had magic that Luan had never heard of. True, he hadn’t been here long, but—he took the cauldron, nearly dropped it, and swore.
“It’s hot!”
“Oh. Sorry. I normally have a vial. You might need a glove. Maybe a leaf?”
Gingerly, Luan lifted the cauldron, blew on it twice, and drank the scalding liquid. He gasped.
“That tastes—good!”
“Well, of course it does. Do you know how hard it is to get people to drink potions if they tasted like their components?”
