Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 31
“…like children made it? Commander!”
“Children did make it. Do you know how old Antinium are?”
“Sir?”
“Do you know how old Antinium are? By any definition, Bepol…”
Artur watched as the argument turned into Bepol quickly exiting Olesm’s tent. The Drake looked patently uncomfortable with the idea Olesm was suggesting. Olesm emerged from the tent and saw Artur holding his flag. He eyed the Worker.
Artur held the flag.
 
——
 
The worst part was, Artur didn’t die. And yes, it was the worst part in a way. It meant he lived with the guilt of it gnawing at him each night.
Why? Well, even when Manus assaulted their lines, or Hectval attacked and the Antinium fell back and it was time for Artur to die…
They avoided the flag. It wasn’t that Hectval or the other [Soldiers] from Manus didn’t see him, it was that if they spotted anyone else, they went for that foe first. Because Artur held a flag and no weapons.
And because a flag wasn’t much of a target. At first, Artur suspected the very patches on the flag saved his life. It looked…less like an icon of hated Liscor, and more like that children’s flag Bepol suggested. So it just wasn’t a priority.
That was, until the other flags started getting destroyed.
 
——
 
Olesm Swifttail had a hundred thousand problems to juggle, and Artur sometimes observed him doing his [Leader] job. A lot of it was around managing the army as much as the strategy.
“He led us into a suicide charge. Commander…”
“He is your superior officer, and he thought it was an opening. I understand your reservations, Squad Leader. How open is the dissent?”
“I…kept a lid on it, sir. But I came to you as soon as…”
The Drake saw Olesm point at her.
“Keep a lid on it. That is an order. Bepol will transfer your squad across commands since you were chewed up. But I don’t want to hear any scuttlebutt. Any rumors. Is that clear, Squad Leader Nellb?”
“Yes, sir.”
The Drake looked relieved. Olesm was left cursing, trying to figure out how to arrange it so that Bepol didn’t see that the squads were being transferred out of his command because they’d lost faith in him. His eyes alighted on Artur as the Antinium stood in his favorite spot—next to the main flag in the command area.
“[Flag Bearer] Artur. You’ll be heading to Ramia’s command, and I’m assigning some squads to join you.”
Artur was a valuable excuse. The Antinium found himself marching with three battered squads, who didn’t exactly curse Bepol to hell and back…and he found Ramia’s forces as the Gnoll perked up upon seeing him.
“Three squads? Ah…not at full strength, no. But Olesm’s sent a flag? Wonderful. Er…what is his name?”
She whispered to one of the Gnolls, and Artur spoke.
“I am Artur. I have a flag.”
Ramia jumped and looked at Artur.
“Er—ah! Yes. Good to meet you, Artur. I knew we had a [Flag Bearer]…why don’t you tour our camps? Are you a non-combatant?”
“No. I am present in battles.”
Ramia looked relieved as she nodded.
“We will stick you with…Pricegougers. That’s Battalion 3. At the rear. You do have a morale Skill, don’t you?”
Again, Artur nodded, and Ramia exhaled.
“That will be very useful. Very useful. I will have one of our Squad Leaders show you a tour route. Squad Leader Nellb? Tell me—is there another, ah, reason you were assigned to escort our flag here…?”
The Worker left and toured the camp. [Soldiers] looked up, and a few pointed at him.
“Look at that. That’s the Antinium’s flag bearer.”
“Are there more Ants coming to our area…?”
“No idea. Hey, Squad Leader Kerone! Do we get more reinforcements?”
The Drake escorting Artur shouted back.
