Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 36
“Miss Yerranola. We didn’t join this adventure to stay below decks. We can fight. Stop ordering us to get below at every opportunity. You may tell us where to be safe if we’re being idiots.”
She hesitated, and then ducked her head in an acknowledgement.
“Oh—fine. We’ll let you fight. But you have to put armor on. Wil, Feshi, do you even have any good enchanted gear?”
“I have armor!”
Feshi just shrugged as Wil retorted. Merrik rolled his eyes.
“Well, do you ever put it on? Let’s see it then. And let’s see if you can even swing that longsword you carry about.”
The others chivvied Wil onto the deck. He found himself doing mock sparring with Merrik, who gently swatted his blade down and then forced Wil to try his best. They were helping cheer him up. And Wil appreciated that.
And resented it.
 
—-
 
For about five days, the students were left to their own devices. Inky drifted in and out of their conversations as they discussed everything and anything besides Zelkyr’s lost ship—which was by now public knowledge. It had indeed been sold by members of the crew to anyone willing to buy the information and it was now worthless.
Captain Lasc had apologized to Wil and assured him he’d take more precautions. From now on, the [Sailors] would have a harder time marking spots via the stars. And, barring any notable landmarks, it would discourage information trading.
Too little, too late. Only…two shipwrecks remained. And Wil was despondent, even if finding actual treasure had rekindled his dreams. It was just regret. If he had convinced the [Storm Sailors] to attack the crab from all sides, would they have triumphed? If he’d realized the threat, convinced Lasc, maybe? Maybe?
It would have risked the lives of everyone. But that was what you needed to do for treasure, right? It was right…
There.
Wil might have moped forever, despite everyone’s best attempts to cheer him up. But two things took his mind off the loss. And cheered him up.
The first was the drama around Lord Bein and the [Couriers] on their run. That was entertainment, and the [Strategists] had a good time watching and commentating. Feshi, an Izrilian, actually knew one of the Couriers.
“Mm. Hawk runs south of Liscor as well. That’s a useful Skill.”
“[Physical Overdrive]. Imagine if Peki had that. Or me.”
Venaz was clearly jealous. So was Peki.
“Good fighters. Wonder if I can beat them.”
“They’re Couriers, Peki. The best Runners in Izril. Even for us, that’s a hard sell. Dead gods, but I’d love to have them as irregulars under my command, though.”
Merrik was commentating. The others nodded. Wil was about to bring up some of Terandria’s finest Runners—and mention that Salamani actually ran on Terandria now and then—he switched continents—when there was a cry from the side.
“Starboard side! Something in the water!”
Everyone shot to their feet. By now, the students were in tune with the boat. Everyone checked for their weapons. Wil had some leather armor on. He could swim in it, and he had been pressured into wearing it at all times.
“Helmet—”
Yerra checked Wil as he ran. He scowled, but grabbed it. By the time he ran to the starboard bow, everyone was ready for trouble.
But for once, the trouble wasn’t there. Instead—the [Sailors] were laughing in delight. Even Inky was smiling and calling out to Lasc, who’d emerged from his cabin.
“No trouble, Captain! It’s sea-friends!”
“What? What are?”
And then they pointed. And Wil saw a leaping shape nearly reaching as high as the deck. He saw an eye, a curved body and fin.
“Dolphins!”
