Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 26
Xif grabbed Erin suddenly. An anomaly had appeared out of the crowd of milling species. A single figure, surrounded by a circle of space and silence. Erin spotted Numbtongue at the same time the Goblin spotted her. He looked upset. Xif on the other hand was terrified.
He recoiled from Numbtongue, his paws instinctively going to a potion hanging from his wide belt. Erin grabbed his arm just in case, but the Gnoll caught himself.
“The—I heard there was one. But a Goblin?”
He stared at Numbtongue. The Hob’s crimson eyes narrowed. And his upset look grew even more pronounced. He narrowed his eyes and turned abruptly. Erin, distressed, looked at Numbtongue. He hadn’t looked so happy when he’d left twenty minutes ago. Now—
“Numbtongue! What’s wrong? Did you go for a walk?”
“Nothing’s wrong. I’m going back outside. To practice with my sword.”
The Hobgoblin turned. Erin reached for him, but he was already striding back towards the door. She shouted at him.
“Aw, Numbtongue, hey! What if—”
Too many people. Or the Hobgoblin just didn’t want to listen. He pushed out the door and Erin let her hand fall.
“Damn. What’s wrong with…”
She had an inkling, but before she could go after Numbtongue, there was Xif to reassure. The Gnoll looked pale under his stained fur, and Erin found him a seat. The [Alchemist] gratefully accepted a cup of water that she found for him.
“I apologize. I heard from Lasica—but I didn’t realize he just…I apologize.”
“You can say it to him when he comes back, okay? And don’t freak out when you turn around or I’ll be actually mad this time.”
Erin stared at Xif, and then someone behind him. The [Alchemist] froze, and slowly turned his head. He didn’t quite squeak when he saw Pawn and the pair of Workers behind him, but he did twitch a bit.
“Erin. I am sorry to interrupt, but I just arrived. I see construction is already underway.”
“Hi Pawn. Good morning! Yeah, Belgrade’s already at work. They’re nearly done the third floor—Lyonette wants them to do more work on the foundations or something. She wants to expand the inn!”
Erin smiled weakly. Only now did she feel like she was too busy. She had to go after Numbtongue! But Pawn was looking around for Lyonette and Erin had to flag down the [Princess]. And explain to Xif who Pawn was. Because that was important. First impression were important. So was Numbtongue.
“This is Pawn, Xif. He’s a Worker, but he’s really nice. Really.”
“A…a pleasure.”
The [Alchemist] shook Pawn’s hand, which was good for most first impressions. Lyonette paused, tying back her sweat-soaked hair and blinked as Pawn appeared. She had to meet Xif too. And then Erin had to remember the Worker standing next to Pawn.
“Archer…B23?”
“B19.”
Pawn quietly corrected Erin. She slapped her forehead.
“Dud. Of course. I uh, well, I’m just scatterbrained. Hello, Archer B19!”
The Worker bowed to Erin.
“This one—I—I mean, I—am very gratified to meet you. Miss Erin. I have wished to convey my thanks. You gave me a bowl of soup. And you taught me how to play chess once. Before I became Individual. I have never forgotten it.”
You couldn’t ignore something like that. Erin paused and reached out to hug Archer B19. Xif looked on, amazed. And Pawn? He edged around to Lyonette and timidly but insistently stood by her side. She smiled at him.
“Good morning, Pawn. Are you supervising the construction?”
He hesitated.
