Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 4
The other Queen relaxed visibly.
“Yes. This conversation is private, of course. Your Bird-Individual is not a Prognugator.”
“He is not.”
“I shall send a Prognugator. And put forward your case before the Grand Queen. She is angry. Let us converse then.”
The link cut. The Free Queen stared at the mirror, then at Garry. She wanted to ask, what was that? Infighting? But she felt like she knew. It had been a decade since she’d left the Hives, and even then she’d been the outcast. Without her…the Silent Queen thought she was withholding some new experimental designs that had allowed Bird to hit the Wyverns? And she’d implied that she had—
Before the Free Queen could analyze the situation, the mirror glowed again. Garry, trying to put the noodles onto another plate, scurried back. The Free Queen saw another Queen sitting and staring at her.
“Is this a challenge, Free Queen? My Flying Antinium are designed for aerial superiority. What is the purpose of your Bird-creation?”
The Flying Queen was agitated. Her Hive, always a chaos of Antinium moving around her, was in uproar. The Free Queen saw her winged attendants and Antinium buzzing, moving around the Queen at breakneck pace. The Free Queen stared as the Flying Queen restlessly rubbed her feelers together.
“It is my work you are jeopardizing. What is the purpose? No—ranged Antinium? Is this an overture to the Armored Antinium? The Grand Queen is attempting to punish you, you know. We are in communication. Please explain. Also—what is that? That is food. Why is it so colorful? Are you attempting a new nutritional mix?”
Her words spilled over each other. The Free Queen didn’t even have a chance to get in a word edgewise until the Flying Queen stopped. But that was good. It gave the Free Queen a chance to think.
Unlike the Silent Queen’s conversation, this time the Free Queen sat back in her chambers. She waved at Garry to bring her more food. And she controlled her antennae, waving them intentionally as she spoke.
“Ah, yes. Bird. He is one Individual, Flying Queen. Not an attempt to jeopardize your Hive at all. This? This is food, developed by another Individual. Garry, present yourself.”
“My—I greet you, Flying Queen.”
Garry shivered forwards. The Flying Queen stared at him.
“Not an attempt to replace my Hive’s capabilities? Intellectual. But the purpose of your defiance to the Grand Queen?”
“Accidental. Truly.”
“Naturally.”
The other Queen’s antennae were beginning to wave in sync with the Free Queen as she calmed down. The Free Queen was thinking faster and faster. Three of six. They were probably waiting for the mirrors to stop being used. What should she say to…the Armored Queen was one thing, but the Twisted Queen disturbed the Free Queen. Even so—
“Let us discuss my Individual project, Flying Queen. The Grand Queen has declared some merit. But if you would consider discussing the matter further…”
“The tunnel is completed, or so Pivr tells me. Let us talk. The Armored Queen has sent Prognugators? Why were more not sent from the Flying Antinium first? We will bring resources. Tell me about your new capabilities. More. I was not told of your Hive’s superiority in my report.”
“Well, there have been advancements. By the way, Garry’s food has taste. It is better than even raw food for taste. Far better than celdes-paste. If you send a Prognugator, I will deliver some to you.”
“Really?”
The Free Queen looked at Garry. He stared up at her, mandibles agape. The Free Queen wanted to open her mandibles wider and higher than she had in recent memory.
