Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 36
“And after you gave your word? That’s hardly polite. I say, wait until you know more of the picture. Time to visit Liscor and ask about. There’s a scene there, even if it’s foreign. As for you, sir…”
He turned to Numbtongue and regarded him.
“I’d like to believe it was all chance on your end. In which case, the Brothers won’t hold much of a grudge. But there’s always debts to be settled, sir. I’ll make my report fair as I can.”
“Thanks?”
Numbtongue had no idea what was going on. He looked at the woman as she grabbed her other stiletto and walked backwards. She was easier to understand. She was going to try and kill him. She confirmed this by pointing at Numbtongue’s chest.
“The Sisters of Chell don’t play games of chivalry. You are marked.”
“The Antinium protect him. Remember that.”
Yellow Splatters raised all four arms. Numbtongue saw the black man warily stepping between him and the Sister of Chell. The two retreated, never taking their eyes off Numbtongue. The [Enforcer] just sighed.
“Time was it was easier to deal with situations. No Goblins, just good, old-fashioned backstabbing. Not that I blame you, sir. You answered me truthfully, or my Skills would have told me so.”
“You know Goblins. You said I’m a tribal Goblin. Are there Goblins in cities?”
Numbtongue couldn’t believe it. Goblins lived in cities? Garen had said he was the only one! The [Enforcer] hesitated.
“My…association doesn’t work with Goblins or non-Humans as a rule. But I’ve heard and seen it done.”
“There are Goblins? Working with you?”
Numbtongue said it again. The [Enforcer]’s smile was wide and secretive. He tapped his nose and then tugged his cap.
“There’s a world unseen, gents. In the cities of the north, there’s places no upstanding citizen knows of. And while we ain’t quite as dangerous as the Antinium or a Goblin Lord…well, we’ll be about. Some of our folk died and we want to know why. Simple as that. You’re the one who killed them, sir. But it seems they were set up, or they ran into you by chance. And I’m not sure I believe in chances.”
He nodded at Numbtongue. The Goblin nodded. Yellow Splatters stared at the [Enforcer].
“Who are you?”
“A serendipitous sort. A friend of the quiet folk. Never you mind, Antinium Soldier sir. It’s not the sort of thing a fine sort like you’d ever run across. At least, so I thought until now. If we met again, let’s all have a drink. I’d hate to meet in less happy ways.”
The [Enforcer] tipped his hat. He stepped back, and walked towards the crowd of people. Numbtongue followed him with his eyes as the man slipped into the milling Humans.
And like that, they were gone. And though Celum was overturned by any number of significant events, largely involving an [Innkeeper] upsetting the rule of law, the two, no, three individuals that Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters had met were nowhere to be seen.
 
—-
 
That night, Erin gathered Numbtongue, Lyonette, and Mrsha to discuss what had happened. The common room of The Wandering Inn was still packed and the magic door was connected to Pallass via portal. No one would stand to have it connected to Celum at the moment, which was why Octavia was standing with the four, looking nervous and withdrawn. Tired. She wasn’t as chatty as she had been, and Erin was being…kind to the [Alchemist].
“Celum’s hopping mad, guys. Mostly at the City Watch, but I guess sort of at Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters. At least, the City Watch is. But he’s an adventurer and those were bad guys he uh, dismembered.”
“You mean, disarmed.”
