Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 2
He had been half-dead for the first few days, burnt out of mana, raving when he was lucid, confused and delusional when he was not. He had apparently been close to death when they found him lying sunburnt and dehydrated in the desert, thrown by the teleportation spell.
“Still stumbling, heh, Pisces? Maybe you should ride in the wagons! Can’t have you slowing the pace. You were so quick on your feet in the Village of Death too! Maybe Wistram makes everyone on the scrying orbs look good.”
One of the [Guards] joked as he slowed to eye Pisces. The young man looked up at him, and had to swallow a second or two before replying.
“No, thank you. I would rather walk and build my strength.”
“Ah, adventurers. Tough! Heads tough and too full of pride to ride! Myself, I’d rest up, but be my guest.”
The man rode ahead, and Pisces felt eyes on him. From the other people chained up in the two long lines, from the wagons, and even from the other [Guards]. They all knew who he was by now.
Pisces still wore his white robes, and they were still pristine despite living in them. His skin was dirty, dusty, and he would have no doubt had an odor but for the dry, gritty climate. His enchanted clothing, though, was the last possession he had. His rapier, his bag of holding, his possessions, even the spellbook he’d taken from the Putrid One’s collection were all in the possession of the caravan master.
But for that hint he wore something expensive, he might have been any young man, albeit from Izril or Terandria, rather than Chandrar where skin tanned fast under the sun. If you knew magic, you might be able to sense the death magic around him, but no more than that.
Yet everyone in Caravan Igheriz’s group knew that Pisces Jealnet was a Gold-rank adventurer and member of the Horns of Hammerad, one of the survivors of the Village of the Dead raid, [Necromancer] and former graduate of Wistram with a bounty on his head from Terandria.
They knew this, because they’d seen him on the scrying orb. Or heard about it after. Pisces was a celebrity before ever having come to Chandrar. Unfortunately—that was why he was here.
It earned him some respect, ironically enough. The [Guards] were not any kinder to the one Bronze-rank adventurer than the others—yet Pisces they had seen or heard about. He wondered if he could play on their vague admiration, but they still followed Igheriz’s orders readily.
No, not [Guards]. Not [Caravan Guards], or [Caravaners] or [Mercenaries] or anything of the sort. [Slavers].
Pisces reminded himself in his head. These were not like any people he knew. The almost exclusively-male group of [Slavers] that made up Igheriz’s Caravan made their living by owning, buying, ‘acquiring’ and selling slaves. The odd, interesting, disturbing part was how Igheriz labeled himself.
“Is Pisces stumbling? Well, we cannot have that! Slow! Slow and we rest. Give water—and see if the road ahead will stay clear, Azam. No monsters, no [Bandits], no sandstorms…we thank Roshal’s fortunes for such things, but I will not lose even a hair upon Pisces’ head until we reach home!”
And there he came himself. Igheriz was a Stitch-man, one of the Cotton-caste, but with noticeable ‘improvements’ from silk. Even a fabric Pisces had no ability to label on one hand; the skin it became seemed permanently slicked, almost sweaty? Yet it seemed strong enough as he rode one-handed towards Pisces.
