Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 52
He snapped at Sokkel. The [Strategist] had reported to him the instant he’d heard. Sokkel grimaced.
“Liscor’s lines. He made the offer to them first—then came over here. The Alliance went for it. He’s promising a lot of gold, and he wants Antinium.”
“I bet he does. The answer’s no.”
Sokkel hesitated.
“That’s going to be a real problem, Lulv. I can lean as hard as I can…”
The [Spearmaster] put his arms together.
“Liscor will never quit the field if their people are ransomed as slaves. We don’t know if the Queens can see through each Soldier and Worker’s eyes. If one is Twisted Antinium…and Manus doesn’t hold with it. Tell them my company walks off the field if they engage this [Slaver]. I don’t care if they have an agreement.”
The very idea made him want to spit. Of course, that didn’t help relations at all, but did Lulv care?
No. He was considering, after a month of fighting…giving up.
Not because Manus had lost too many troops. They’d kept their casualties almost non-existent, playing each battle safe. They killed enough Antinium to make anyone happy.
But are we doing any damage? Manus’ Security Council had had a theory when they sent Lulv into battle.
Those Antinium were Free Antinium specialists in some ways. Non-replenishable. Capable of levelling. Well, Lulv had seen some levels, but the Antinium had sent thousands of reinforcements.
And either they’re just regular Soldiers and Workers we’re killing or…
Or…Lulv had a dangerous thought. But it would be inconceivable to Manus’ understanding of the Antinium thus far. He hadn’t witnessed any direct evidence to suggest these Antinium were all leveling. But he had spotted more unique Antinium than he cared to count.
Belgrade the [Strategist]. Tersk and Dekass, Armored Prognugators. That damned, flag-waving Antinium. Now, three unknown classes. More Prognugators than any battle save for the first ones at the start of the First Antinium Wars had ever contained.
Lulv had to eliminate a few, but each one had artifacts, and he had let his [Archers] try and snipe them again and again, only to fail. Truthfully, Lulv had already known he needed to risk his forces and had been choosing which one to take out; the others might flee back to their Hive. That was when these three new Antinium popped up.
However, Manus’ forces hadn’t suffered from any of these individuals directly. Hectval’s Alliance did. None of the unique Antinium got near Manus or were dangerous enough to make Lulv nervous.
What did bother him was the [Sniper].
 
——
 
Manus had taken less than ten casualties in every engagement. Less than five in most. However, it seemed like they took one or two more than necessary. Lulv could have seen less than three deaths on average.
The same for the Alliance’s officers. Manus had statistics on battles and the average death counts for front and backline officers, and this war had a higher-than-average ratio. You could blame that on Antinium and a [Strategist] and 4th Company.
But arrow-related deaths?
“Standard arrow. Liscorian local fletching. No enchantments, nothing beyond steel arrowhead. Which is good-quality. Not every Drake city affords steel.”
One of his officers showed Lulv a bloody arrow pulled from a dead [Soldier]. It was grim, but Lulv inspected it carefully with gloves, looking for tricks to the arrow, as a [Mage] and [Alchemist] went over it.
“Looks regular to me.”
“Us as well. No telling what bow it came from, but they’re not always straight.”
Lulv nodded. The conclusion was clear, at least to him.
“We have a [Sniper]. Why isn’t it dead?”
