Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 27
Exasperated, unable to argue, Wil pointed. Venaz grunted as his group charged and smashed another group of slugs. Another group of [Sailors] leapt back, avoiding the slugs with unnatural ability for a moment.
“[Instantaneous Reload].”
Feshi pointed at a group of [Sailors] with crossbows. Then she and Wil were dragging the sailor below. Yerranola took charge of the stairwell, calling [Sailors] around her and holding the ground.
“We should be above. Helping direct the battle—”
Wil panted. The [Sailor] was asking how bad it was. Trying to move. Both Gnoll and Human told him to stop moving. He stopped.
“Lasc has it. And there are enough [Strategists] above. The slugs stand no chance. Help me with him! He’ll bleed out without help!”
The Gnoll growled at Wil. Chastened, Wil reached for a potion. He stared at the [Sailor]’s wounds at last.
A big chunk of his shoulder was gone. Wil had seen injuries, but this was new on him. Countless micro-serrations from the giant slug’s teeth. And—the healing potion wasn’t working right.
“I tried a potion. It didn’t work. What do you feel?”
Feshi was feeling at the man’s head. He was pale, sweating.
“I—I can’t feel the bite. How bad is it?”
“No pain?”
“It itches.”
The two [Strategists] looked at each other. Wil’s mind raced. Feshi turned to him.
“Toxin of some kind.”
He agreed.
“Numbing. It’s interfering with the healing, clearly. What about our antitoxin lessons?”
The Gnoll knew more about toxins than he did. Feshi thought, as above there was an explosion and shouting.
“Hot water. We’ll try washing it clean.”
Slime was covering the man’s arm. As Wil found a pot and filled it with water, Feshi grabbed it. The Gnoll closed her eyes. The pot began to bubble at once.
“What the—gah!”
Wil burned his hand on the metal handle. It was hot! He stared at Feshi.
“[Shaman] class. Pour it on him!”
The hot water began to move the mucus. As it did, the [Sailor] began to feel the pain.
“Dead gods, Kraken’s teeth! My arm! It hurts, it—”
“Hold still. We’ll try healing you!”
This time the potion did more. The numbing toxin was still getting in the way, but it wasn’t as deadly as pure poison. Still—it made healing harder. Wil and Feshi stayed for a few more seconds. Then they raced abovedecks.
More [Sailors] were coming down, bitten, injured. But the entire ship was up and armed. Three hundred men and women, fighting. And the [Strategists]. And Lasc. He was triggering…spells? From his ship. And they were slaughtering the slugs; they weren’t the highest caliber of monster.
…The only problem was that they kept coming.
“We’ve killed at least a hundred of them! And they keep climbing on!”
“Move the damn ship! Wil! Feshi, I told you to stay back!”
Yerra shouted. A slug had eaten part of her leg, but she didn’t even notice. Feshi aimed her bow left and right.
“[Bursting Arrow].”
She pulled, loosed. Her arrow glowed. It sank into a slug’s midsection and detonated. But two climbed up as the first one rained down. Wil stared at her.
That was a spell. [Shaman]? But the crisis was becoming apparent.
Venaz was literally striding down the deck, hacking slugs in two. Merrik and Peki were smashing slugs with ease. But. They. Kept. Coming.
“We can’t move the ship, Captain! We’re caught in something!”
Delivan was shouting as Wil and Feshi made their way down the center of the deck. The [Storm Captain] was looking around. His clothing was covered in slime and he’d downed a dozen slugs. But now he was frowning.
“The damn things are in the water. There might be thousands. Captain, they’ll sink the vessel!”
