Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 9
“—I do not believe the Grand Queen will be satisfied if Xrn returns to her Hive. Despite her repeated requests. Xrn is—focused.”
And that was the most evasive answer Klbkch had ever given her. The Free Queen had no skin to crawl, but she sucked down the last tea, and the loud rasping, bubbling noise filled the room.
“I believe I will have a refill of tea. Continue informing me of her condition, Klbkchhezeim. Whatever she wishes…you may go.”
He was halfway out the room as the Free Queen sighed and let one of the Flying Antinium hurry over with a team of Workers to fill her cup. It was all going well. So well…she wondered if she had spare time.
To work on the project the Grand Queen had abandoned? If she had so much time—a part of her longed to do what the Grand Queen had confessed to and create her own statues. But that—that was a luxury. The Free Queen did have work.
“Keep my drink chilled. I will return in two hours.”
She moved herself over to the work rooms, and the Antinium backed away. The Free Queen stared ahead.
If only they had the knowledge of old. They had levelling even the True Antinium had lacked for in such abundance. If only…she brushed the thought aside. It was better than it had ever been. But oh, the dead did weigh on her. A hundred heroes.
They all deserved statues. Yet no matter how hard he looked…she whispered to Klbkchhezeim.
“They will not be in that garden. They deserve to be. But who will remember them save us?”
 
——
 
It was about memory. It was always about memory. The [Gardens of Sanctuary] were on the nose, but everything that made Liscor better, all the gloriousness of now was built on what was lost or would never return.
Even—no, especially immortals knew that.
Ryoka Griffin tried not to stare. She didn’t have a fetish. But even so—she leaned on the railing, then sprang into the air to show off. Just so the [Sailors] looked up and waved and laughed. She gazed down at a sea of faces as she flew overhead.
Half-Elves. Two ships were sailing the treacherously unknown seas to Izril’s north. Ryoka flew around them only for a few minutes, calling out greetings—but she couldn’t stay.
The Pride of the Wellfar was that fast. It didn’t rely on natural wind or currents—it cut the waves like a shooting star. And besides, they were almost back from Terandria.
It was quite amazing how fast they’d returned, actually. Nevermind Tyrion Veltras being able to ride at speeds unmatched—House Veltras had headed south from Ailendamus’ borders, embarked on the greatest ship of House Wellfar, and sped to Izril.
Yes, they had a Citadel-class ship that could scare the Illuminary if it came to a pursuit at sea. Yes, Tyrion was the famous [Lord] of speed. And yes, they wanted to be home.
But mainly they had gotten back to First Landing so fast because Tyrion had conveniently ignored every diplomatic overture from Calanfer and the other nations trying to host and celebrate him. Or at least pin a damn medal to his back.
Ryoka hadn’t realized how many offers he’d snubbed until Jericha had brought it up—delicately. The [Lord]’s response was simple:
“We have been away from home too long. Sammial is waiting for us in First Landing. Hethon is with Buscrei’s family. We shall return with no delays.”
And that was that. Honestly, from watching Jericha’s face, Ryoka thought even the rowdy and irreverent Veltras’ would have made Tyrion at least greet Calanfer’s [King]. Even Lord Swey and Buscrei, let alone the others, were conscientious of diplomacy.
