Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 45
With that, he turned and began walking back the way he’d come. As if there was no more that could be said. It was so abrupt the Demons were caught off-guard with dismay. Czautha opened and closed her mouth, clearly searching for words to use. A [Diplomat] spoke in the Demon King’s ear, but was patently unsure what would work on such foreign guests. Skills? Flora wondered if they dared to try it.
Into the uncertainty, as Czkelcill and the six Antinium were nearing the door, the only one of them who would have dared to speak—did.
Silvenia. The Death of Magic floated higher, and called out in a sing-song, teasing voice.
“Just so I know, Antinium. What if we were to tell you the ritual is happening…and make a little mistake?”
The Centenium halted in his tracks. Slowly, he turned, as Bazeth’s face drained of color. The Demons, some horned, other changed by the Blight, suddenly tensed once more. The other two Deathless looked at their insane companion. But it was said.
Slowly, Czkelcill extended one arm. The thin ‘finger’ changed. To something approaching fingers, which moved with such delicate grace into a single gesture like that of Humans and Demons and species of this and Flora’s world.
He pointed down at the tiles of the Demon King’s court. Just down at the ground. What if the Demons made a little mistake? Told a little lie?
“This ends.”
Silvenia’s smile opened wider, wider, like the gates of hell. Until something happened. The Voice of the Antinium plucked at his strings. He played eight notes. No—exponentially many times that. A complex melody.
Abruptly, Silvenia’s feet dropped out of the air. She landed hard, and the bindings of magic on her wounds flickered. The Demons exclaimed. Bazeth stared at his enchanted glaive. The steel looked like…
Steel.
The Voice of the Antinium turned magic back on after a second. Now, it was dead silence.
And Silvenia was no longer smiling. Again the Centenium turned, but one of the Antinium did not.
A different one, tall, like a mantis but only in the scything talons. It stalked forward two steps and Czautha drew her great relic. The Antinium was so fast. It left behind an afterimage or something, so that only when it moved—
But it did not spring forwards. Did not slash or deliver a second war to Demons and Antinium. Rather, it lowered itself. Spoke. A different voice, also female, but more grating. Authoritative, like Bazeth on a battlefield.
“Decisions have been made.”
The Deathless looked at the Antinium. The other five swung back, and Czkelcill looked at the lone warrior. Waiting.
The True Antinium of Rhir’s head rose. Foreign intelligence stared up towards the Demon King’s throne. It—she—addressed them.
“No chances can be taken. It dies. So speaks War Queen Heclaivk. This War Hive will eradicate. Claim Blighted Kingdom. Fortify. Reprisals acceptable now; not before. No chances.”
“Excuse me?”
Silvenia herself couldn’t believe it. The Demon King rose on his throne.
“Do you mean…?”
“One Hive will eliminate threats. Coordinate assault. Cost acceptable to prevent repeat.”
The Voice of the Antinium turned. Not with surprise, but with finality.
“So decided.”
Flora couldn’t believe her ears. The Demons were stunned. Stunned—and worried. Flora saw them looking at each other. If the Antinium took out their great foe, that was one thing. But—fortify? What if the Antinium decided—if one Hive could destroy the Blighted Kingdom, then…
