Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 4
However, a hundred Goblins had died. Kevin had even known some of them, briefly. Still, they had died and still they had followed Rags for this risky plan. They had picked their battles, and there was no chance of all of their tribe being wiped out like at the Floodplains.
Even so. Kevin rode with Poisonbite behind him. The Goblin was so tired she’d tied a rope around her and Kevin, then either passed out or simply let the rope support her.
“Shaman. Where we going?”
“After others. Where Ogres? On foot? Find them! We run!”
Taganchiel snapped, looking back over his shoulder. They were being followed, despite the Redfangs’ sacrifice. Already, they were spotting Humans on an intercept course from the east…Kevin wondered if they’d make it to the High Passes.
They found the Ogres, jogging at a good clip, but not towards their next rendezvous spot. Some of their Goblin companions were with them. One leaned out of her saddle and snapped at Taganchiel.
“Humans.”
She pointed the direction they had to go. Taganchiel’s eyes roamed backwards, then to the High Passes, then the other ascending foothills and parts of the great mountain range dividing Izril in half. He pointed, and without a word everyone broke right, racing in the only direction they could go. He looked at Kevin once, and the young man wondered what he’d say.
The Goblin only shrugged. Rags had the Healer. Hopefully she’d make it back. If they lived, they lived. If not?
Well. Poisonbite roused long enough to poke Kevin hard in the side.
“Why gloomy? You won’t die. Heh.”
All of the Goblins found that insanely hilarious.
 
——
 
The thing about stories was that you told the same ones time and time again. Just in different ways. Sometimes, they weren’t stories you told; they just happened to you.
Loss, triumph, danger…and the thing about such stories, if there was an upside?
You didn’t have to make the same mistakes. You didn’t have to tell your part the same way twice.
It was rare that he took notice of the weather. Yet, even in his busy day—and every day was busy for King Itorin II—he noticed how blustery it was. He remarked on it over breakfast with his family.
Immediate family, that was, and the ones in the capital. Itorin II was, in the way of many Terandrian monarchs, in the habit of spreading his bloodline around. So while he wasn’t as prodigious as Calanfer’s royal family, which he was at war with, he had five offspring.
Two daughters, three sons. A good mix age and gender-wise. You could make do—again, like Calanfer—with more of one than the other, but this was almost perfect. Sometimes…sometimes Itorin wondered if that too had been arranged.
He didn’t like to think of that. Still, the [King] was a rather indulgent patriarch in private, and of the family in the capital, he often breakfasted with his youngest daughter and son, or elder daughter if she could ‘spare the time’ from Ailendamus’ magical academy. For his two elder sons? If one was returned from his command in safety, but at the front, they would make small festivities of it. The other was in training. With the half-Elves.
Again, his two youngest were easiest as breakfasting companions. They loved to talk about tutoring, what they saw on the scrying orb they were glued to, songs from the Songstress, the Singer, questions about some part of ruling Ailendamus they found fascinating, badgering his wife, Oiena, to buy them a trinket while knowing he might indulge them…
