Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 20
There. The skeleton bent down. After a few seconds, he tossed the dirt and other dust out the window. He opened his mouth, and tossed the bit of Sage’s Grass, some of the other alchemical supplies and scraps from what Belavierr had been using into his ‘mouth’. Toren had altered his jaw to make it hold whatever he put in there.
The skeleton’s purples eyes burned. He looked around, then ran off with his broom before the other Chosen could come back to bully him.
 
—-
 
Toren was so sad. So…sad. He had done wrong things. He had hated. And look where he was now?
His ‘life’ was miserable. Being beaten into bone dust didn’t hurt, but the Chosen’s wrath was unpleasant. And he was stuck in the castle; Az’kerash wouldn’t let him leave. He…Toren should have longed for death.
But he didn’t. As the skeleton hurried back to his room—which was secret, and not, in fact, his room since the undead didn’t need rooms or to sleep—the skeleton gathered a few more scraps.
A bit of Sage’s Grass. Some oil from the kitchens. Some actual grass from outside. Other alchemical pieces, powdered gemstone. All of it went in his mouth. They weren’t for him.
Ijvani was the one Az’kerash had possessed the most hopes for since the Chosen had actually owned pets before becoming fully sapient. However—they died. She had collected slimes like Oom, other ‘pets’.
She always forgot they needed sustenance. Az’kerash had not been pleased when he recalled the Healing Slime and found it had expired like the rest. But he had put it down to a learning experience, if Ijvani learned anything.
As Toren crept to the little room, which might have been a broom closet, he regurgitated all the ingredients he’d gathered. It had taken him all day. But it was worth it.
Inside the dark room, something hid as he opened the door. Toren found a little nest of salvaged fabrics, a spare enchanted lantern for light—even a few books. He doubted his friend could read, but it was a person thing.
And the little slime rolled forwards when it saw Toren. It was far smaller than it had been—and it had been tiny. Toren had been forced to remove half its mass to fake the slime’s death.
That had been hard. But the slime was growing again. It rolled forwards to investigate the skeleton’s haul. It consumed everything but the oil and then regarded Toren.
He had changed his bones. The skeleton tapped the new ones and the slime investigated. It rolled up his arms, sensing the changes. It tried to heal him. But of course—he was dead.
Toren held the little slime in his arms. Once upon a time, the skeleton had realized something as he killed Erin Solstice.
He could not love. He had possessed no empathy for other things. Death to him was a pleasure. But he had…felt something towards Erin and it had broken him apart. Because it had not been pure. Because she had been thoughtlessly cruel.
He had not known how to care. And in the time since—the skeleton had not learned much. He had not leveled much. But he had learned one thing.
Fear. He feared the Chosen. He was unhappy. He had hid from them one day and found something else, trembling, lost and afraid.
They had found each other. Now, the skeleton hid in his room with the slime and they hugged each other. For the little slime—Toren went out into the castle. They could not speak to each other.
But they were friends. The first each had really known. Alone, in the castle of the Necromancer, they embraced each other. Learning a lesson that Az’kerash would have given anything to teach his creations.
