Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 1
“Sixty two percent failure! Am I teaching the next generation of [Commanders] and [Strategists], or the next generation of Goblin-fodder? And don’t let my bright smile fool you; anyone who has failed this lesson will be going on the exact same march with an actual company of [Soldiers], who will take pleasure, great pleasure, in making sure you don’t fail them when you’re actually responsible for their lives!”
A second groan, but louder. Niers looked at his students, savoring their dismay. It was just a bit fun to do this. Even Perorn hid a smile as Niers went on.
“You’ve all gotten arrogant. A bit prideful. You think that you’re the cream of the crop, the best [Strategists] in the world because you’re all at the top of my classes here. Well, this is an actual scenario and most of you failed it. In fact, even the third of you that passed leave much to be desired. You hear that, my starry-eyed little pupils?”
He leaned over the podium and addressed a group of students in the front of the class. They were about…twenty six or so, and instantly, their smug smiles disappeared. Niers looked at his personal class, who were actually able to lay claim to being the best of the best. He practically purred as he looked from suddenly nervous face to face.
“Did you think you all passed, hm? I’m proud to say most of you did. But ah, a fifth of you did not. Shall we start naming names? Anyone care to volunteer to have me read their report out loud? Feshi? Cameral? Yerranola?”
He addressed three students, a Gnoll, a Dullahan, and a Selphid. All three instantly ducked their heads, shaking them furiously. Niers looked about as Perorn shuffled her papers.
“No one? No one at all?”
He was waiting for the inevitable response. And lo and behold, like the sun rising each morning, a huge, furred hand shot up.
“Sir! I volunteer!”
Venaz looked around proudly. Niers raised one eyebrow as his lecture hall erupted into a single, unified sigh.
“Venaz! You seem very confident.”
The Minotaur nodded. He sat up straight, his horns polished, his posture perfect. He met Niers’ eyes without flinching.
“Of course, Professor! I calculated each step of my division’s movements! Food, supplies, guides—all were accounted for! They were prepared for anything.”
He spoke as if there could be no doubt, and there wasn’t. Niers raised one eyebrow.
“And you’re sure?”
Venaz hesitated, then nodded.
“Absolutely, Professor. I’m confident in my own abilities. I will not fall for mind games.”
His bravado was almost infectious. A few of Niers’ students, like the officers who sat apart from the [Strategists], began to look hopeful. Niers smiled. And then, like a spider who has finally ensnared his biggest fly in a web, he pounced.
“Interesting, Venaz. Because, and I’m afraid to say this, your division never made it past the first three days.”
“What?”
The word erupted from Venaz’ mouth along with a gale of laughter from above. He turned and glared upwards; a group of students were laughing their behinds off. Peki, a young Garuda from Chandrar, Merrik, a Dwarf [War Leader] from Terandria, Kelsa and Romin, two Centaur [Captains], and a group of the students from the officer class were enjoying his dismay. He turned back to Niers, looking furious and embarrassed.
“Professor, that can’t be right! I did the calculations! I’ve led soldiers before! I didn’t err—I must demand to see the math!”
