Interlude – Krshia
Page 29
“Oh, yes, I—I suppose I am in need. But what with this dreadful talk of Goblins and Human armies, I’m not sure I’m in the right mind to be buying anything.”
The Drake looked anxious, but Krshia just gave her a big smile.
“Ah, but if not now, then when? You told me you were in need of quills, yes? I have some cheap ones in stock. Come Mrsha, show Miss Fauscale the little quills.”
Gingerly, Mrsha reached up and offered the Drake a writing quill, dipped in ink and bit of parchment. The Drake blinked, but obligingly drew on the parchment.
“Oh! That is quite nice. These are Quillfish quills, aren’t they?”
Krshia nodded. The thin, sharp quills were the byproducts of Quillfish, the pesky fish that hunted and scared off predators by firing them. They were long and thin. Not as easy for the hand to grip as a formal feathered quill, but the little dip-quills from Quillfish were handy for carrying around and quite good for scribbling notes. She pointed all this out to Miss Fauscale as she wrote in a neat, clear script to show her and other customers on the street.
“Four coppers for a bunch of sixteen. Each one has been boiled, cleaned, and sharpened. They are good for writing, cleaning teeth, and poking silly children, yes?”
She mimed poking Mrsha, who was so alarmed that she nearly fell off her stool. Miss Fausclae stared at Mrsha and her lips quirked into a smile. Before she quite knew what she was doing, she had bought some quills and ink and was chatting to Krshia.
Just chatting. The Gnoll beckoned over more Drakes and Gnolls, calling the ones out by name. She shook hands with a Gnoll who wanted a new roll of cloth, persuaded a pair of Drake teens to stay and browse, though they bought nothing, and touched her paws to a Gnoll woman as she passed her a dried and salted fish to inspect.
Mrsha, sitting by Krshia’s side and helping her out, if only by being cute, was confused by all of this. She knew Krshia was doing something, but as far as she could see, the Gnoll was just calling out loudly to people and chatting them up. She spoke about the Goblins and Humans, reassuring people, telling them not to go, but only if they brought it up.
And yet, more and more Gnolls kept coming back, anxious and afraid. But they left with backs straight, smiling and talking about errands they had to run or things they’d just remembered they should do. How? Why?
Mrsha finally put the pieces together when Watch Captain Zevara walked down Market Street with a patrol of Drakes and Gnolls behind her. She was speaking to people, answering questions, trying to reassure them. She stopped by Krshia’s stall and looked perplexed at the gathering around the Gnoll. Only a few people were actively shopping, but the Gnoll had somehow created a huge radius of people who were just standing around and talking.
“What’s all this, then? Miss Krshia? What are you doing?”
The [Shopkeeper] gave Zevara a pleasant smile.
“Why me? Nothing, Watch Captain. I am simply open for business like usual. I think it is not good to worry, so I am getting about my day, yes? Are you on patrol? Could I interest you in a snack for your errands? Walnuts and honey, perhaps?”
Zevara blinked at her. The Drake looked around, bemused, and Mrsha, sitting behind the counter saw it at last. That was Krshia’s plan. She was going to work and doing ordinary things.
