Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 1
He whispered, looking as stunned as Wil. Yerranola copied the gesture on the grounds that it was probably wise. But she and Feshi looked as confused as Merrik. The Dwarf bowed, eying his companions.
“I apologize, er, King Fetohep. I haven’t heard of Khelt. But I’ve never been to Chandrar.”
“And Khelt’s name has not reached Deríthal-vel? Do the Dwarves forget old friends so easily? Perhaps even legends fade. Perhaps young Atwood was correct…”
The [King] looked—disgruntled. Wil Kallinad spoke, trying, suddenly, to remember how to bow to the Chandrarian ruler. Just so—he made an attempt of it, putting his hand just below his heart, two fingers extended, sweeping his leg back like…
“King Fetohep. I am Wil Kallinad of Pheislant. I greet you and beg your majesty’s forgiveness.”
The eyes flashed at him.
“It is given, young man. As is the ignorance of your companions. I did not think to find my lost treasures today. But you have found them. So, once again, for a third time, I offer my bargain.”
He sounded overly patient. And he emphasized ‘my’. Wil gulped.
“Three swords, your Majesty?”
“Yes. You may pick each one. And you will make haste to Chandrar to deliver the other relics to me. Yes. You alone, Wil Kallinad.”
Fetohep twisted his fingers. The swords flashed in the light—a trick of the blades, or magic? The sand-figure turned.
“The curse shall seize whomever touches my swords. However—Wil Kallinad, I grant you the right to touch my blades. And those three blades you first pick will be yours to share. Again, until your deaths.”
“What happens then?”
Fetohep looked at Yerranola. The Selphid hurriedly bowed again. The [King] sounded impatient, and moderated his tone as if he was speaking to dullards.
“The blades shall return to me. Upon your death. In the light of the sun they cannot escape my gaze. So they will come to Khelt. Any attempt to hide them away will meet with the curse of Khelt. And it will consume the blood of any who attempt to withhold them, down to the last child of those who would steal from me. Do you…understand what I am offering you?”
The [King] seemed to fear this was very much in doubt. The students traded looks. The [Sailors], Captain Lasc, and everyone else were just staring. Wil still wanted to know if this was a trick. But Merrik spoke up again.
“So, three of the six swords, your Majesty? And you can locate them after our deaths? Seems a rather fortuitous deal to suddenly make. What’s to stop us from claiming six? There are…six of us. Perhaps we could take all six and return them to you before we die? Anyways, if three of us were to get the swords, what about me? I’m a Dwarf. Time lasts for me longer than most folk.”
He sounded like he was debating the Titan, the Professor in class. But Fetohep was not Niers Astoragon. He looked at Merrik. And then he laughed.
With dark humor. With amusement at the effrontery. The sand making up his body expanded. The [King] rose, looking down at Merrik. The people on the ship.
“Your lifespan is still short compared to mine. And if you would try Khelt’s wrath, pick up the sword, Dwarf. Do not take my offer as weakness; I make it because my generosity outweighs the gratitude you have done me for locating my treasure. I could take my swords back.”
He flicked his wrist. A vortex of sand engulfed the Kheltian chest. A miniature maelstrom. And the stone chest and swords began to lift off the ground. Higher, higher. Wil cried out with dismay. Feshi sighed.
“Damn it, Merrik.”
The chest soared across the sea as Fetohep pointed. But it circled back. And the ruler spread his arms.
