Interlude – Conversations
Page 28
“She’s dead. Or in stasis. Yes, I have been briefed. Please direct me to her. I am on the business of Grand Magus Eldavin. Or is he Archmage now?”
“Archmage Valeterisa. I hugely admire your magic. That’s my—property. I don’t know what Archmage Nailihuaile told you, but…”
Montressa hovered there, afraid to touch the older woman. Ishkr crossed his arms, frowning.
“Grand Magus Eldavin…?”
“Yes. I may be able to resuscitate her. Failing that, I would like to inspect her body.”
Ishkr gave Montressa a pointed glance. The young woman saw him clear his throat.
“Perhaps, Archmage Valeterisa, you could ask Mage Montressa for guidance?”
“…Does she have any salient information?”
Valeterisa slowly swung around and seemed to take Montressa in for the first time. She peered at Montressa.
“Ah, yes. The [Aegiscaster]. Formerly Revivalists. My note says ‘rub it in’ per request of Nailihuaile.”
Montressa flinched. The Archmage had actually…?
“Yes, Archmage Valeterisa. I can, um, direct you to Erin Solstice. And she’s in a special zone. An Inheritance Skill, you see. But can we talk about the Shock Orb?”
Valeterisa looked at Montressa, impatiently.
“If you would like to direct me to Erin Solstice, [Mage] Montressa, I would be grateful. However, I have been gifted the Shock Orb. Archmage Nailihuaile did point out it was created by her and therefore property of Wistram. You have been loaned it; that is the end of the discussion. Thank you.”
“But it’s all I have left. They kicked me out of Wistram. You can’t just walk in and…”
Montressa’s voice broke. Valeterisa took one look at her wet eyes and sighed.
“I believe this will take too much time. Excuse me, Mister Gnoll. Please direct me to this garden.”
She turned away. Montressa followed her as Ishkr gave Valeterisa a long look, then directed her downstairs.
“I’m sorry. It’s just—c-could you perhaps induct me back into Wistram? The situation was—I’m a [Mage] of Wistram. I gave my entire life to the Academy. I’m a secret broker. I could offer you…”
Valeterisa glanced back at the ‘secret broker’ comment. She frowned.
“Intriguing. But if I weigh the costs to benefits—I cannot imagine you could offer me something worth more than Archmage Nailihuaile’s personal ire. If you can, please correct me. She is a rather personal being, however.”
Montressa couldn’t imagine she did have anything, besides knowledge of Earth, and…she knew Valeterisa was right.
The purest quill of logic. Uncaring, just like the stories said. She floated after Ishkr as he pointed to a door that had hither-to not been there before, and a warm light beyond.
“Fascinating. An inheritance Skill. But there’s no…magical residue I can sense. Inside is another matter, but the manifestation is purely Skill-based. Alas.”
Valeterisa’s eyes lit up, but after a few seconds of casting identification spells, she lost interest because this was not a magical phenomenon. She floated forwards, into the [Garden of Sanctuary].
“Valeterisa to Eldavin. I have arrived at the inn and am insp—whub.”
The last part was cut off because she ran face-first into the invisible barrier. Valeterisa recoiled, looking mildly shocked. Montressa stopped, and saw Ishkr, unflappable Ishkr, who hadn’t blinked more than four times to see the Archmage of Izril drop by…
Smile.
Valeterisa ran her hands over the invisible barrier in the air.
“I have been obstructed. By a Skill? Excuse me, Mister Gnoll. Do you know what is wrong?”
“I believe you have not been invited in, Miss.”
“Ah. Then how would I obtain an invitation?”
Ishkr coughed.
