Interlude – Krshia
Page 26
“I—I have lived through more than just the Antinium Wars, Krshia. I was young, but I remember conflicts that left hundreds of thousands dead and burned cities. Liscor did not fall in those days, but I remember the tribes going to war and so few returning in the ones that did. I am not saying we should run. But I am not confident enough to pledge all our lives if it means death.”
“So that means what?”
Elirr leaned forwards. He spoke so softly only the two of them could hear.
“It means convince me. Convince us. Beilmark will wish to stay regardless, but the others are afraid. If we are to fight and bleed for Liscor, tell us why.”
He looked at her. And Krshia saw he wanted to stay, but he was afraid of dying. It was a common fear. So she stood up and looked around.
The other Gnoll representatives were chatting, but they fell silent. They could sense Krshia had something to say. They gathered around her and Mrsha woke up. She sleepily crawled into Beilmark’s lap and the [Guardswoman] held her as Krshia spoke.
“So we have debated. So we have shared information. To those of you who may not have heard, young Mrsha was tested at my apartment earlier today. She knows magic. She can read the book. It is genuine and the Silverfang tribe will present it at the meeting of tribes.”
A sigh ran through the room and Mrsha looked up as everyone stared at her. Just for a second. Then Krshia spoke again.
“War threatens Liscor. The Humans do not call it that and the Drakes will not declare it, but when the Goblins assault Liscor, what is a word? It will come and this time they have brought siege weapons, to at last threaten the Drake cities. Perhaps even the Walled Cities in time. But it is war that will start here. Now our only decision is this: do we stay and fight and possibly die at Liscor, or flee southwards and abandon our homes that we might live?”
The others nodded. They waited for Krshia to speak. Everything else had been said, but she had the final voice. Krshia searched for the words, and they came to her, smoothly, from deep within. She spoke the same words she had years ago, to her sister on the day she had decided to leave for Liscor.
“Gnolls have existed since the first record of this world. Throughout thousands of years we have lived. Not just on Izril. Our people have waned and risen with each passing era. In the beginning, there were Dragons and they ruled us cruelly. We died for sport, as animals. But we survived. We survived the Sunset of Flame. We marched out of bestiality, survived the long darkness and kept our minds even as the Raskghar split from our people. We became more than animals and we challenged the Dragons and brought them down.”
Mrsha sat up as Krshia walked back and forth, speaking from memory. The way Krshia spoke, the way she gestured, was familiar to her. Krshia was speaking like a [Shaman], as if she was telling a story from the past. But she was also speaking to the Gnolls of Liscor, who sat and judged her words in silence, drinking and eating slowly.
“Our people rose. We were mighty during the Rain of Scales. We fought the Selphids during the Age of Theft and threw loose the shackles with the rest of the world. During the Twilight of Magic, our armies joined the others and overthrew the half-Elven dominion. Again and again, we were challenged. And each time we lived and prospered. Eras past, the Gnolls rose and fell and once we were considered a world power among powers. But now? No more.”
Krshia looked around. Her eyes were sorrowful and her voice grew deeper.
