Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 28
The [First Mate] was looking worried. But Lasc was glancing around.
“Get me Inky or that Garuda. Tell them to climb up and spot!”
He pointed up. Delivan whirled.
“Inky! The crow’s nest!”
The [Storm Sailor] heard. She abandoned her fighting and ran as fast as she could with her ungainly gait towards the mast. She was slow on the ground. But she swarmed up using the suction cups on her hands—and feet. Wil saw her disappear upwards. He turned.
“[Rapid Retreat]! Pull back from that spot! Feshi, covering fire—”
He began bellowing orders, taking charge of a group of [Sailors]. Lasc glanced at him, but let the two [Strategists] and Delivan command his men. He was staring over the sides of the ship. Searching. And then—
Inky slid down from the crow’s nest, shouting wildly.
“Captain! The port side! A hundred paces in the water! Pink glow!”
“Ah.”
The [Storm Captain]’s eyes narrowed. He strode over to the wheel and turned. The boom moved. The ship turned—slowly—laboriously.
“Captain? What is it?”
Captain Lasc’s teeth were bared. He was taking the ship, wrestling it—and moving it towards something. A glow in the water. He shouted as Inky moved towards him.
“We’re not being attacked by slugs, Lord Kallinad! This—they’re all connected! Separate parts of a whole. We’re fighting—”
He pulled the boat forwards and Wil saw. A floating, glowing…thing in the water. Vast, as vast as the ship. But it was submerged in the same clear substance. Wil stared. And then he realized.
He was staring at a brain. A brain the size of The Emerald Signet. And he saw the slugs coming over the side and realized.
“A jellyfish?”
Feshi’s eyes went round. The Captain nodded.
“They’re just pieces of the body. We won’t kill it’s body nor escape before it takes us down. Not without taking the brain out. Inky, Delivan! Forty [Storm Sailors]! Prepare to go overboard on my mark!”
“Into the waters? They’ll be slaughtered! Even with our Skills, Captain—”
Wil stared at the churning water, filled with slugs that were climbing up. The Emerald Signet was groaning, trying to float with the added weight. Lasc’s eyes narrowed.
“On my order! Lord Kallinad, this is my ship! [Storm Sailors]!”
“Captain!”
They came running. The [Captain] pointed. Wil saw his eyes flash.
“[Ship Spell: Depth Explosion].”
He pointed. Wil saw the sides of The Emerald Signet flash. Something coalesced in the water. And the pink, floating brain detonated.
The glistening body erupted in a fountain that sent water and slimy guts raining down. Wil threw up his hands. What was that? A Tier 5 spell!? Was that a Skill? He saw Lasc staring into the waters. And as they cleared—
The brain was damaged. Parts had been torn away by the blast. But the core remained. The slugs shuddered, moved slower, but they still came on. And yet—the protective layers of the jellyfish were gone.
Now, Captain Lasc roared. He strode down the deck as the [Sailors] fought twice as hard, shouting.
“[Storm Sailors]! Into the water! Damn this beast back into the abyss!”
Inky and the veterans roared. They charged the railing and leapt. Into the sea, filled with the jellyfish’s tendrils. Wil looked over the side.
“[Unit: Tough Skin]! Will they survive?”
He turned. Delivan was nodding. He pointed a wand, hit a slug in the head with a bolt of fire.
“Don’t worry, Lord Kallinad. They’ll make it. Those are the sea’s best.”
And indeed—the [Storm Sailors] were fighting in the water. Most had enchanted weapons. And they were carving straight for the jellyfish’s brain.
