Interlude – Relationships
Page 11
Hammer-girl Erin would have still tried to feel Numbtongue’s true emotions out—except for one hitch. She was in her wheelchair today, and her scowl was huge.
“I’m outta bisque? That’s impossible! I made enough for two weeks! I’ll puke it up, but I’ll eat it! Check the other bag!”
In response, Lyonette wordlessly pulled open a sealed glass container marked ‘bisque’. It looked like the stuff, but when she cracked the lid a hair, Mrsha nearly vaulted into the roaring fire.
“Oh dead gods.”
Garia covered her nose. It had gone bad. And the thing about magical cooking was—
It was really bad. Erin gagged as Lyonette hastily shoved the jar back in a bag of holding.
“I don’t even dare burn it. We’ll dispose of it later. Apologies, Innkeeper Friendly—Erin, you’ll have to put up with it. We only have half a day’s ride.”
“Noted. Bulkup Bisque has a shelf life of one week unrefrigerated! Even in bags of holding!”
It wasn’t so bad. She’d be riding in the carriages, so Erin only felt a bit useless as Numbtongue and Garia lifted her in. She scowled as he pointed to the other carriages and horses.
“I’m going to ride a horse. Inkar says it’s fine.”
“You sure? You…okay?”
The [Bard] shrugged expressively.
“Can’t get worse. You already gave me a good stomach-punch; good thing your legs don’t work.”
Erin’s face fell, but the [Bard] grinned at her expression, and Gothica cackled with delight. She hoped it helped. She had more things she wanted to say and ask—but it was clear right now a ride with Garia was better than a sit-down chat with Erin.
Especially because Mrsha was riding with them, and she was not the intended audience for a serious heart-to-heart. This time, Erin had no Gothica, who was so tired she was going to nap. Instead, she got Ulvama, Tkrn, Inkar, and Ser Lormel. No Tessa either.
It was a merry carriage ride at the start. Ulvama was the oddest Goblin—the one Erin didn’t really know, even less than Gothica.
However, Ulvama had cultivated a relationship with Mrsha, and even Lyonette seemed to grudgingly respect her. Erin had no notion of why until she saw Ulvama teaching Mrsha and Nanette a game.
“Here. You slap this hand. I slap this. One, two.”
She clapped her hands, then held a palm out to touch Mrsha’s paw. Erin’s mouth opened as she saw Ulvama teaching them…
“Patty cakes?”
“Where?”
Ulvama looked around as Nanette saw a variation on the game she knew by another name. As a Gnoll—Mrsha had no notion of the game since Gnoll paws and Drake claws weren’t ideal for this activity, but she liked it.
However, Ulvama proved that Goblin [Apprentices] who learned this game took it a step beyond the simple clap-touch routine. She would clap her hands, rotate them, slap the other paw or hand sideways, or twist her torso in an increasingly complex routine.
It looked quite fantastic when you did it right, and the game was so entertaining that Inkar and Tkrn tried it. Which left Erin to challenge Ser Lormel, much to what she thought would be the [Knight]’s chagrin.
…It turned out the Thronebearer was annoyingly good at the game. Erin scowled as she messed the routine up. She was as bad as Inkar, while Tkrn could keep up with Nanette and Mrsha and Ulvama.
“There. Now you ‘cool’. Show all friends.”
“Miss…Miss Ulvama?”
Erin was surprised by Nanette being able to address Ulvama and tolerate the Goblin’s company—glad of it, but surprised. Until she remembered that Ulvama had been in Riverfarm and that Nanette had actually befriended Pebblesnatch.
