Interlude – Talia
Page 25
Ser Eldein and a few of the other [Knights] nodded agreement. Ser Lorell looked around but Talia knew she had the support of most of the others. He nodded grudgingly.
“Very well. You may extend the invitation.”
Talia already had. She approached the Goblin Slayer. He had folded his arms.
“I kill Goblins alone.”
“With respect, Sir Slayer, these Ogres are more than a small band of Goblins. I am told the rest of their clan and an entire Goblin tribe nests of the hills.”
“Yes. I will hunt them too.”
Talia nodded patiently. She gestured to the rest of the Order.
“But that is our charge as well. And since we have pledged to rid the world of these Ogres, we will not cease. Will you give up your hunt and entrust the burden of defeating these monsters to us, Sir Slayer?”
“No. There are Goblins. I hunt them.”
“So it is. Then let us work together. Or else we will endanger our causes by working apart.”
It was well-said, and after a moment the Goblin Slayer reluctantly nodded.
“Fine. We hunt together. Follow me.”
With that, he turned and began walking through the forest. The Order of Seasons started, but as Talia nodded, they trooped after the Goblin Slayer. He looked displeased—at least, behind his helmet. Talia strode forwards with Ser Eldein to walk alongside him.
“Sir Slayer—”
“Noisy.”
“What?”
Eldein looked affronted. The [Knights] were moving with a minimum of crackling footsteps in the underbrush. The Goblin Slayer looked at him.
“Noisy. Your [Knights] are noisy. Your armor is too loud. Too bright. And you smell. The Ogres won’t let you catch them.”
“Perhaps if we are too close, Sir Slayer. But we are used to the wilderness.”
Talia smiled, a bit annoyed by the blunt criticism. The Goblin Slayer shook his head.
“No. You smell. They are downwind. They will smell you. Use this.”
He paused and took something from his belt. Talia and Eldein recoiled when they saw a dried, stinking—
“Is that a foot?”
“Goblin’s foot. Smells like a Goblin. Put it on armor.”
“Absolutely not!”
Eldein backed up. The other [Knights] gagged at the sight of the body part. Talia stared at the Goblin Slayer. That explained his unique odor.
“You camouflage yourself by smell, Sir Slayer?”
“Goblins smell metal. I go ahead. You all stay back. Or use this.”
He offered it to Talia. She hesitated. She could see Ser Lorell shaking his head, but after a moment she took the body part. She shuddered despite wearing gauntlets.
“What must I do?”
“Wipe it over your armor. Dirt too.”
The Goblin Slayer bent and smeared dirt on her breastplate. Talia stared at the dirt, but she knew it made sense. Some [Knights] in her Order took the same precautions. Just not the foot!
It took her a minute to do as the Goblin Slayer bid. He sniffed her, and then nodded. Ser Eldein did likewise, but he refused to put the foot on his armor. The Goblin Slayer relented; the dirt was enough.
“We’ll scout ahead, Ser Lorell.”
The [Summer Knight] rolled his eyes, but let Talia, Eldein, and the Goblin Slayer move ahead. They were following the tracks. Some were obvious, like an Ogre blundering into a bush and uprooting them, but the Goblin Slayer noticed more. He was pointing out piles of stool.
“Ate here. Six hours, perhaps.”
“You seem very knowledgeable, Sir Slayer.”
Talia didn’t bend down to inspect the still-damp stool. The Goblin Slayer straightened.
“I hunt Goblins.”
“So you said. But it seems an odd occupation. Goblins are hardly profitable creatures for adventurers, are they, Sir Slayer?”
Ser Eldein muttered. The Goblin Slayer looked up.
“Perhaps.”
