Interlude – Conversations
Page 12
“…Unfortunately, ‘Lyonette du Marquin’ is the name of a [Princess] of Calanfer and under Terandrian laws of royal inheritance, she cannot legally adopt or declare you her ward without approval from the throne, due to the Bloodlines Decree. Especially since you’re non-Human so they can’t even claim you’d be partially intermingled after marrying a royal bloodline; non-Humans can’t develop royal blood. Half-Elves are an exception ratified to the treaty, but you’re not one.”
She looked at Mrsha. The legal knowledge of the [Paragon] was impressive. The rest? Mrsha slowly wrote a note and handed it to Gire.
 
You suck at being nice.
 
Gire looked a bit hurt. Mrsha passed her another note.
 
How do you know all that? Do they teach you Terandrian law?
 
Even Lyonette hadn’t done that and she taught Mrsha tea etiquette and the flower-signs of court. Gire shook her head, bemused.
“No. I read a book once. I’m sorry I’m not comforting. Um…maybe Liscor has separate bylaws in regard to adoption?”
She went back to eating, a bit embarrassed. As if she had explained everything. Mrsha frowned at her. What, you just remembered everything you read?
You mean jerk. You’re big and smelly and stupid.
The little white Gnoll girl took some pleasure in signing it, with a smile on her face. She was Lyonette’s daughter no matter what.
Gire looked at Mrsha’s paws. Then frowned.
Horrible!
She signed back. Mrsha nearly catapulted herself into a wall in astonishment. Gire glared.
“I don’t know what the rest of that meant, but I can tell I’m being insulted.”
You can read my signs?
Gire tilted her head back and forth, eying Mrsha as the Gnoll girl, disbelieving, moved her paws.
“You…something….my…can I understand you? Not yet. It’s very obvious, you know. Some of the gestures, like ‘you’.”
She made the simple indicator. Mrsha was agog. Only Goblins and Antinium had ever picked up on her language free-form! And yet, Gire smiled with clear interest.
“Did you make that? Warriors have their own hand signs, but yours are funny. I like your signs more.”
Mrsha’s were more expressive. When she insulted you, it was very obvious, like her word for ‘smelly’, which was pinching an imaginary nose. The Gnoll girl shyly waved a paw.
Aw, go on.
And that was how they became friends. By the time the Ekhtouch adults came to clear the meal, they found Gire and Mrsha having a completely silent conversation, paws flashing. They were even inventing new words, and the older Gnolls frowned.
They were sharp enough to read some of it, but they weren’t Gire. And the Gnoll [Paragon] was visibly excited.
“Really? So it does rain and flood all spring? Do you swim?”
Mrsha shook her head, explaining about the things in the water. Gire sighed.
“I’m going to have to fight underwater soon. It’s hard.”
Mrsha had no basis for that statement, but she was fascinated by Gire’s experiences. And the same went for Gire.
“You met with a holder of an inheritance Skill? That’s so rare. What’s the garden like? And you came from Liscor. Does that inn have all the treats the Silverfangs are bringing? Like cookies?”
She didn’t know. Mrsha almost stopped signing and grew sad when she thought of Erin, but the desire to tell Gire was stronger. The [Paragon] knew how Mrsha had gotten here. But the entire story?
Mrsha almost hesitated, but then she remembered that Gire knew everything. So Mrsha could tell her…
 
——
 
