Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 17
Maviola snapped at Redit. The [Bouncer] regarded her, and reluctantly, sighed.
“It’d get me in trouble with Master Veeid.”
He looked pointedly at the [Innkeeper], who was among the people enjoying The Wandering Inn’s food. Maviola’s eyes narrowed.
Now, how would she do this as a young woman? Flirt with the big man, probably. That would do the trick. That was a young woman’s trick and it would work.
But Maviola was old and young. And she had no time for insolent [Bouncers]. So, as the crowds cleared, she raised two hands to her mouth and shouted.
“Ceria Springwalker!”
Her voice was loud. Redit winced and began to push Maviola back, but the half-Elf had heard. She came to the door. Her eyes widened.
“Maviola? Oh, tree rot! I’m sorry, I totally forgot you were with us! Come on through! I have to introduce you to Erin! And I think your friends are somewhere around here…”
Maviola smiled in relief.
“Actually, I’ve been stuck here. Someone stole my money pouch! And my horse!”
She neglected to mention who. Ceria’s eyes went wide.
“What? That’s terrible!”
“Can you spot me six silver? I’ll pay you back.”
“I can just give it to you—hey! Redit! Here’s the money. Let her through already! And come on, we’ve got food!”
Ceria waved Maviola through. The young woman smiled triumphantly at Redit, who looked slightly abashed. But she was serene in victory. She only paused at the entrance of the door to give the [Bouncer] a damn good kick in the rear.
“Who’s this?”
The other adventurers blinked at Maviola. Ceria explained about her situation, but the [Lady] was optimistic.
“I’ll put in a request with the Watch. They’ll get the gold back in a couple of days.”
That was what Thomast had promised. Pisces looked dubious, as did Typhenous.
“The Watch doesn’t find most [Thieves]. We can surely feed you. And give you some coin—”
“I’ll take the food. But I can manage with only a bit. Thank you. It was a stroke of luck meeting you all.”
Maviola smiled. Yvlon murmured.
“Unless meeting us got you robbed. And here I thought Invrisil was safe.”
“It is unless you have money. The gangs aren’t as strong elsewhere, but one must watch oneself. If Lady Maviola looked like a ripe mark—er, that is to say, an easy target, she’d have been sought out.”
Typhenous murmured. Pisces grimaced as he glanced sidelong at Maviola.
“…Her horse was quite splendid, what I saw of it. And a [Lady] would be…”
The others fell silent. Maviola grimaced, but only for a moment. And here they thought she was an air-headed [Lady]? Well enough. She sat at the table, and noticed Grev grabbing some pizza. She copied him.
“I’ll sort it out. But tonight, if you’ll tolerate my company—I’ll toast the generosity of adventurers and friends on the road!”
“Hear, hear! So long as you don’t mind drinking with Selphids? And my…partner is coming. Maughin. You have to meet him, Halrac!”
Jelaqua raised her mug, laughing. Maviola laughed.
“Selphid? I’ll trade kisses for drinks with Antinium or Goblins!”
She saw Yvlon blink. So did Ksmvr—well his antennae waved. The others laughed. But Maviola was partly serious. She wanted to know what these…unique Antinium were up to. Why a Hobgoblin with a guitar sat in an inn.
This was a perfect last adventure. But for the moment Maviola bit into the pizza. And the novel experience made her laugh with delight.
 
—-
 
In the inn, the party was really getting started. Although…Erin was upstairs, playing moody games of chess and ignoring her partner, who was asking if ‘anything had happened’. Did he know? Who was he?
