Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 22
“You get food if you tell us something. What’s your name? Otherwise you can eat dirt.”
Did they eat dirt? Vess watched as the Soldier’s antennae waved wildly. Then he saw it try to wiggle.
“Vess—careful—”
The [Arcane Warrior] reached for his wand, but to his surprise, he saw the Soldier’s bound hands move.
It had stumpy ‘fingers’ more like stubs. They turned into terrifying, sharp fists, and could probably tear through dirt like miniature shovels. However, the Soldier slowly moved his arms and opened one hand completely—and raised three fingers on the other.
Five. And three.
Only Vess saw it. He frowned.
“…Thirty-five?”
The Soldier’s antennae waved frantically and he shook his head. Vess tried again.
“Eight? Three and five. No? The other way around? Fifty-three?”
The Soldier went still. Then he nodded.
Fifty-three. Big Yam looked at each other, and Velden exclaimed.
“What kind of a name is that? Do they just give Antinium numbers?”
“I thought they didn’t have names.”
53 stared at Vess and opened and closed its mandibles. Vess offered it a spoon, and Dosel slapped it away. The gelatin pasta went into the dirt.
“Don’t give it anything.”
“Aw, come on. I was interrogating—”
“Wait for the interrogators. Don’t feed it. We’re chopping its head off anyways. You hear that? Come on. I can’t stand to look at it.”
Vess backed away, and he saw the Soldier staring at the tin of food. However, the squad was riled up, so Vess closed it and walked back. He saw 53 wiggle…then fall over. Happily, the Antinium began to eat the bit of food off the ground.
“Look at it. It doesn’t even think. I bet it doesn’t even know it’s going to die.”
Vess doubted that. He thought the Soldier knew exactly that it was going to die. That was why it had thrown the rock. Still, that one morsel of information didn’t mean much. 53? It was just a number.
What he didn’t expect was what that number did. Big Yam had custody of 53 for just over three weeks of blessed inaction while High Command sourced an ‘expert’. However, everything changed after one big battle. And 53’s name took on another, unexpected meaning.
 
——
 
“Officer approaching!”
Big Yam snapped to attention as a Drake strode into their camp. He actually beat one of the grim-faced Drakes from Hectval.
“Consultant Sokkel. We already have someone in place to deal with this…captive Antinium. I thought you said that it wasn’t of interest to you?”
One of Luldem’s officers was walking with the [Strategist] that apparently gave orders even to High Command. Vess saw the Drake snap back.
“That was the case this morning. Now I want to speak with it. Opinions change. Captain Yulre will want to speak with this Antinium too, once he returns from his engagement.”
Big Yam listened as Sokkel approached the Antinium. He peered at it, frowned around, and then cursed.
“…Or not. I thought you said you identified this thing as 53? Fifty-three…who was that?”
“Sir! Corporal Vess, Big Yam squad! Luldem command, sir!”
Velden barked, and Vess stepped forwards nervously. The [Strategist] eyed him, and one of the [Majors] huffed.
“We have an [Interrogator] ready to…glean any facts about the enemy front, [Strategist] Sokkel. Believe me, we’ll be thorough.”
He meant torture. Vess looked uncertainly at Velden, and Sokkel’s brows rose. He looked at the [Major], at the Soldier, and rolled his eyes.
“An interrogator. Ancestors save me. You, Corporal. How did you learn this Antinium’s designation?”
The Soldier was eying Sokkel. It had heard about the [Interrogator], but it still hadn’t moved. Vess gulped.
