Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 32
“And how is that different than the Drakes slowly killing us? Better to have one enemy than two.”
Yiew countered. The Az’muzarre Chieftain hesitated, and Yiew went on.
“I’m simply tired of it. Tired of Drakes doing this and that. I am serious. I will take the Grand Queen’s peace, take her land if she will make a lesser offer. I will ally with the Antinium or flee Izril—go wherever other tribes will. But when I say this, I mean it. I will take the Antinium’s peace here and now and damn the Walled Cities. My tribe will never walk in their shadow. We are done with them. Be it war or peace or we flee—there is nothing to trust. We have no allies in Izril, only more and more enemies. I hear whispers of Doombringers, I see Raskghar—this Meeting of Tribes has revealed to me the foes set against us, and so I give up. They hate us. Raskghar. Drakes. We have such few allies.”
The Meeting of Chieftains was so silent after Yiew spoke. Not simply for what he was saying—but because it was so bleak. Even Theikha said nothing as he sat back.
They should have voted for the Antinium’s proposal, but it had not a chance of passing…or did it? How many Chieftains were like Yiew?
Krshia didn’t know, but she thought it was time. And because she thought it, her sister rose. Chieftain Akrisa’s silverfang pendant swung in the light as she stood.
“Though it may be out of turn…Shaman Theikha. I ask to speak. To speak to Yiew and the other Chieftains who see what I do and despair. Because such dire tidings—even if they are truth—have come to the Meeting of Tribes. Great gifts, yes!”
She reminded them of the magic tome and the hope of casting magic. The Chieftains’ heads rose, and they recalled that no tribe save for two had even offered their gifts. This was supposed to be a grand occasion for the bettering of all.
It did not feel it. But Akrisa turned to them and spoke, trying to meet every eye.
“There is one thing we of Silverfang, Longstalker’s Fang, and Greenpaw have not told you all. One final gift and revelation which—I would say—perhaps trumps even the revelation of magic. Well, perhaps not that, but is equal to it and the Raskghar’s warning.”
“Bold claims, Chieftain Akrisa.”
Chieftain Perale murmured. It was Iraz who looked at Akrisa and Krshia knew who spoke up.
“Yes, bold. But I say Silverfang has proven they do not boast idly time and time again. I will hear this, if you all will.”
He looked around for nods of support, and Akrisa turned. Among the Meeting of Chieftains, she called out.
“I ask for all the [Shamans] of the Great Tribes to seal this room!”
“It is already warded.”
One of the [Shamans] pointed out, miffed. Akrisa looked at her.
“I do not doubt it is, [Shaman]. But I ask you all to cast spells beyond the most stringent protections. You have already done so—cast your best spells. Cast the spells that cost you, because this secret must not leave this room until it is time.”
The [Shamans] glanced at each other, and Ulcreziek rose.
“I will do this.”
He drew a shining gemstone from his belt pouch, placed it on the ground, and smashed it with his staff before casting a spell. Theikha herself linked paws with Az’muzarre’s [Shaman], and the Gnolls looked sharply at Akrisa.
Even Ferkr, though she might have had an inkling of what was going on. Akrisa was trembling, but Krshia touched her paw and Cetrule stood next to her. When the room was secure, Akrisa spoke.
