Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 7
“This pig is the best part of the wait, accident or not.”
Vors offered. Solvet nodded. He flipped a peanut high into the air, and the pig jumped and caught it in its mouth. He had a lot more dexterity with his ‘flat’ thumbs than the Drake and Lamia did with claws. Vors saw Tusxe admiringly shake her head.
“So handy.”
“Was that a pun?”
She grinned and Vors sighed, but all animosity was drained from him. They sat in his cramped room, the door open, hoping to hear from whoever was in charge. They’d debated leaving—right until they’d found the door was locked.
Solvet had kicked it so hard he’d sprained his foot. The man could be surprisingly hotheaded, Vors realized, for all he tried to be polite. He was massaging it now, but declined to use a potion.
“It would hardly do for a [Lord] from Terandria to need a potion after encountering a door. That would be the last thing our contingent needs and I am sure my fellows would not thank me.”
“No one would say that.”
Tusxe coughed into her arm as Solvet looked at her. The [Lord] glanced at Vors, who murmured something about ‘all being in it together’. He offered the pig another nut, sighing.
“We do have ears, you know. We know what other peoples—no, other continents think of us. Soft Terandrians with [Knights] and ineffectual leaders.”
“We don’t say it just about Terandrians. Drakes tend to direct that mostly at Izrilians in the north.”
“There’s a difference?”
Tusxe missed her own face with one of the nuts, which were actually palatable despite the bugs in each bowl, and laughed at the other two’s expressions.
“I’m joking. Of course I know there’s a difference. Something. Look at this goofy pig. They have pigs like this in Terandria and Izril? All of ours are Stelbore; covered in armor and mean as can be. Big.”
The pig was lying on its side, begging for Vors to toss it a peanut. The Drake tried and missed; the Goldflake Pig stared at the peanut lying five inches in front of its snout.
How could you? Its eyes reproached the Drake. Do you do this just to make me suffer?
Highly amused, the Drake flicked a finger and the nut soared into the animal’s mouth. Solvet tossed a peanut unerringly into the pig’s jaw and the oink made them all smile.
“I must admit, you two were ready for battle more than I. Keeping my longbow on me would be the germane thing to do, wouldn’t it? Rhir’s highly martial…ah, General Vors, that wand of yours is quite nice.”
Solvet was admiring Vors’ custom-designed wand. Wistram manufactured wands; so did Fissival and a lot of magical institutions. However, his was custom-contoured to his grip, and had a tiny addition; a magical lens built into it such that it showed what you’d hit.
“Thank you, Lord Solvet. I made it myself.”
“Really?”
That impressed the Lamia. [Battlemage] she might be, but Tusxe hadn’t his classical training. She was quite good with spells, though.
“I bought everything I have. Staff included. Glad I didn’t have to use it—or injure this pig. They shouldn’t let it roam about; I might have hurt it!”
She indicated the staff with glass embedded at the top. Vors eyed it. It was Solvet who asked.
“Is that a…viable weapon, Commander Tusxe? Forgive me for asking, but it isn’t what I’d expect a [Mercenary Captain] to use.”
The Lamia grinned at him.
“Solvet, have you ever seen someone hit by a bunch of glass bottle shards in the face? Or seen a bottle smashed into your scales?”
Solvet shook his head, fascinated and horrified. Vors raised a claw.
“I have. It doesn’t seem that much better than a sword, though. Even enchanted…a sword kills. Glass maims.”
