Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 13
“Any one of them, Commander!”
Embria didn’t bristle at the suggestion her company would be worse, although rivalries were real. She knew Olesm was onto something, and she was curious. Belgrade tilted his head left and right as Olesm nodded.
“Then…in light of the need for officers with experience to take the field, I am changing the structure of our forces. I will draw from our two main Gnoll-Drake-Human battalions. Belgrade, you will take charge of a third of our non-Antinium forces. Wing Commander Embria? I would like you to take three hundred recruits as whole squads and fold them into 4th Company as our shock force. Also—however you did it, Belgrade, please deploy ropes for all of our army.”
The other officers stared at Olesm, and then they began to argue—none faster or louder than Belgrade. However, Olesm looked straight at Embria and realized the same thing she did, however reluctantly.
Of the people leading or part of the army, the officers with the most experience in battle were Olesm, Embria, and Belgrade.
…And Calruz.
 
 
 
 
Calruz, [Honorbound Prisoner]
 
Though he was a prisoner, it was an odd thing. He had requested death, honorable or not, many times. If not death, he would settle for freedom because he would have the freedom to choose.
But it was not possible for him to be found guilty or innocent—at least as Watch Captain Zevara ruled it. His crimes were indisputable. The reasons behind them…?
So instead, she had come up with a solution based on his homeland. Trials. Calruz had eliminated Shield Spider nests with his bare hand. He had waded through Liscor’s sewers and slain everything that moved.
And he trained Liscor’s [Soldiers].
At first, the Council had argued, but Olesm had demanded Calruz’s help in no uncertain terms. Calruz had even heard him bluntly addressing the Councilmembers and people gathered to protest.
“I am aware Calruz of Hammerad is a convicted criminal. However, Watch Captain Zevara has engaged him as an asset to the city before, and this is no different.”
“You want a murderer to train our troops?”
Olesm’s lower left eyelid twitched.
“Frankly, I’ve heard worse ideas.”
“What if he trains them wrong? Teaches them to…”
“To what? Stab wrong?”
Olesm’s sarcasm provoked a furore, and, in truth—there were lots of poor ways to train someone. However, the Drake overruled the arguments with a simple one of his own:
“We need weapon experts. We have a few adventurers who we have paid to demonstrate their abilities. Guildmistress Tekshia is a [Spearmaster].”
“So why can’t we use them, Nephew—er, Commander Olesm?”
Lism was frowning at Calruz. The Minotaur waited. With one arm missing, he was hardly a good example of fighting acumen compared to, say, the four-armed Antinium, but that was only if you were armist.
Put another way, Calruz had more muscle mass than three of Liscor’s citizens put together thanks to the weight set in his room. He had more scars than any six. He was high-level, but if that were all, Tekshia would have been a better pick.
The truth was simply that Calruz was best because Tekshia Shivertail was a terrible teacher.
So were most adventurers. They were self-taught, or impatient, or they couldn’t explain what they intuited, or they didn’t know how to fight in groups compared to one-on-one, or all of the above and more.
Calruz? Calruz had trained in Minos. That was how he ended up giving lessons to Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans, but even if they hadn’t seen him directly or been in Liscor when he had attacked them with the Raskghar, most of the [Soldiers] knew what Calruz was.
