Interlude – Conversations
Page 5
“Not for the reasons you hope, fair cousin. I was simply aware that Tyrion Veltras seems enamoured with her. Rumor has it already that His Majesty, Itorin, has invited her to a personal dinner. Whether or not he truly is in love, Queen Oiena has done the same. She is the more suspect of the two, between you and I.”
“Oh. But then…”
Visophecin’s smile had sharpness to it.
“I would rather like to charm her first. Simply because of the competition.”
Gadrea gave him a long look. It was not unfamiliar, and she had given him many such looks over their long lifespans, and he did the same to her. They were fundamentally opposed. Yet…she was so excited she began pleading with him.
“Take me with you to the palace next time. I won’t give anything away. I just want to behold her. See her. If she knows about you, perhaps about me? I—I could even see if we could fly. She can fly, Visophecin. She could be—”
She coughed, raising her hand.
“—so brilliant. I have to ask how little Yorishi is doing. Did she become a [Mage]? If I could just go out—”
Another cough. She blinked. Something was trickling down her mouth. Visophecin’s eyes opened wide. Gadrea stared down at the light blue liquid running down her hand. It did not look like it, but it was her…
Blood. She began to cough harder, and Visophecin caught her. He turned and Gadrea collapsed as he carried her out of the garden, calling for a [Healer].
 
——
 
“…A regular collapse. She was up for nearly three hours.”
“And no one stopped her. I shall speak to Herea.”
“Don’t…don’t…”
Gadrea was calmer now that she was lying down and had been treated. Visophecin saw her agitation, and lowered his voice. Another of the Agelum, now that the [Healer] had seen to Gadrea, was speaking.
The [Healer] saw only red blood. He didn’t notice the discrepancies, and he was loyal to House Shoel beyond doubt. But he was still only a half-Elf, albeit one with long experience with the fragile kin of the Lucifen.
Uzine, older than both Gadrea and Visophecin, oldest of all on the Agelum’s side, sat in a chair that could be pushed around. There were any number of devices the Agelum could use. Floating beds, simple mechanical variants…he patted Gadrea’s hand, and she lay there, resting.
He went outside with Visophecin as Gadrea lay in the bed of healing crystals. Visophecin pushed the chair.
“Did you hear about Ser Tubeliges? Such a sad thing.”
Visophecin sighed.
“I heard about Ser Tubeliges. I have news, Uzine.”
“Tell me, then.”
They went for a tour of the manor, Visophecin letting Uzine greet the children running past, who had to stop and bow or show him a toy or a flower, ask him if he had heard the latest song from the Singer. Visophecin regarded it as a necessary evil. But Uzine smiled with delight. He had an infinite patience like all his people for such things.
Yet Agelum would have surprised Ryoka—or maybe not. They, like Lucifen, had their role to play. But it was not always benign.
“Did you meet with Ser Lomoor’s widow when you were there? Please remember me to her.”
It was another child that Uzine had known since he was a serving boy. In fact, and people attributed this to the care of House Shoel, patriotism, their rich lands, or any number of factors, many of the serving children went on to become [Mages], [Knights], and more in Ailendamus’ ranks. Some rose to positions of great power and still visited and remembered their beloved friends who didn’t age.
It was inevitable. Uzine smiled at a boy with a scar and a limp.
“Tored. How are you healing?”
“Good, Lord Uzine! I’m sorry, Viscount.”
