Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 18
“Well, they’ve come to Riverfarm, and fallen right into our trap, your Majesty. This flock’d run if it thought we were hungry or weren’t fat enough to feed them. They didn’t know there are [Witches] here, though. Give me five minutes with an axe and we can have fine eating for the next few days.”
Hedag grinned. Even Laken gave her a look of horror.
“Witch Hedag, those are thinking animals.”
The Hedag of swift justice scowled. Laken wondered if it was the Sariant Lambs already having twisted his mind—but murdering a bunch of animals wasn’t something many people from Earth were at home with.
“So’re leeches. Bah, I can see that’s not going to work. We can sell them, but [Beast Tamers] are wary of the devils. They like to breed and it’s hard enough to cull regular animals, let alone them.”
“Let’s say we let them stay. What will happen?”
Hedag growled, thinking.
“They steal other animals’ food, distract people from work, and the things’ll breed until they get so large a smaller herd splits off to infest somewhere else.”
“On the plus side, they will be helpful and motivate people for a while, your Majesty. They won’t show their true colors until a week or two when they’re ‘settled in’.”
The [Emperor] nodded. He glanced at the Sariant Lambs, and wasn’t oblivious to the mood of his people. He turned to the disgruntled [Witches].
“I don’t believe there’d actually be a revolt if I ordered them all killed, but I doubt we can drive them off without people disobeying. Let’s see what the lambs do first, [Witches]. We’ll make plans based on that.”
The [Witches] protested of course, but Laken could either give an order he knew wouldn’t be obeyed, or slaughter a bunch of lambs in front of the children and adults. He let them keep the lambs, refusing an offer of one and had Prost divvy them up between households.
The [Witches] hated it and glared daggers at the little lambs as they were carried off and everyone got, reluctantly, back to work, although some of the [Farmers] found the lambs following them around as they worked, to their delight. The women with hats stomped off. Laken distinctly heard Agratha muttering to the others.
“So ends Riverfarm.”
 
—-
 
The next few days passed by with the Sariant Lambs continuing to delight, and doing everything from ‘trying’ to make a bed, to proving to be perfectly house-trained, to enjoying baths and dancing together for fun.
They were a bomb of adorable, and it was a bomb, because Laken began seeing the fallout that the [Witches] had promised within three days.
He sensed it because the lambs were clever. But after twelve incidents, Laken summoned Eloise and a small group of [Witches] to his home.
“Witches, I believe you’re right.”
“Now he listens?”
Laken had to admit, he’d been a bit dubious, but he explained what he’d observed.
“I just sensed twelve instances of a Sariant Lamb stealing food from a dog bowl. One of them was actually eating from a horse’s trough and the animals just—let them do it!”
“We told you they were parasites. They won over animals and folk alike.”
Hedag growled. The [Emperor] agreed at last, reluctantly. The [Witches] hadn’t exaggerated the Sariant Lamb’s true natures—much.
They were little bullies. When no one was watching, they took food from the other pets. They demonstrated that in increasingly needy ways; one even competed with a baby for attention, wailing more piteously and with much more cute rewards when the parents fed it. An infant was inherently stupid; Sariant Lambs were smart.
