Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 36
“I suspect we’ll find out. But insofar as we’ve seen, Wilovan? Who wouldn’t want to know more about an establishment such as this? Let’s try that drink.”
And they were unprepared for the shot of memory. Even them, the famous duo. The [Actors] shone on stage.
Erin stopped at the last table on her route. She’d saved Saliss for last. Pelt was snorting and waving off her apology; he was drinking and looking around the inn, thoughtfully. And Saliss of Lights was smiling.
He was drinking the Minotaur’s Punch. He looked at Erin.
“I hear you had another fire. And I wasn’t here to see it! Then again—I also hear it wasn’t the best one.”
“It was stupid fire. I don’t think anyone should have it.”
Erin sat down at the table. She looked at Saliss. And wondered about him. But Saliss smiled. And Erin felt a kinship, of sorts.
How did you beat Magnolia Reinhart? The question was in her head. By making plans, thinking ahead. But you had to do it well. And—she looked at the stage. At Saliss, a person who could bottle that lightning.
“Say, Saliss?”
“Yes, my lovely Erin Solstice?”
He fluttered his eyes at her. Erin smiled and rolled her eyes. Because they both looked at each other and saw the other was pretending. To be happy. To be helpful, even when they didn’t feel it. Because, fundamentally, they believed in good things. So Erin took a deep breath.
“You know, Octavia tells me you use up a lot of ingredients when you experiment. And I’m not saying I have a lot of them. But if I had some…flowers. Do you think you’d be able to make something with them? For a price.”
The [Alchemist]’s eyes widened. Erin met his gaze, serious. Because you had to prepare for the future. The Named Adventurer sat back. And his eyes glittered as he imagined what could be.
And also waving the flowers in front of Xif’s shop until the Gnoll cried.
 
—-
 
She was wrong. That was what Maviola thought. So close, and yet so far. The [Lady] looked around Erin’s inn and saw genius.
“What a beautiful inn.”
Lady Firestarter gazed at The Wandering Inn and beheld it all fully. Like the fire she had seen on Erin, she saw all of it.
Look at this place. Gold-rank adventurers and Hobgoblins just as fierce, sitting together in this inn with Antinium and a Named-rank Adventurer?
Erin Solstice had made only one mistake. And that was going to Pelt for her knife. Going to Saliss with her flowers. That was thinking like Magnolia Reinhart. But this? She was nearly there in Maviola’s mind.
Nearly. And she thought she was weak? Ridiculous! The strongest [Lady] in Izril had been forced to ambush her with allies just to get her way. Who else could lay such a claim?
Erin Solstice didn’t need a weapon. This was her power.
Not fighting. Not wrath or hatred or war. Just this. Tending to the fire. The [Lady] sighed. Didn’t she realize? Perhaps that too was her strength.
But look at all these burning flames. She had blown on the embers, and now they shone. How glorious. Like her flame. The [Lady] raised the glass and drank. Her eyes burned as she closed them.
Still. The young woman was young. And not all flames burned bright. She didn’t tend to them all equally. But again—she was also an [Innkeeper]. Maviola took even more to fire than Erin Solstice.
And she saw the burning souls of all in the inn. So, the [Lady] looked around and saw flames that could be nurtured. Low spirits. She made her way to one.
