Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 2
“Please, Lyonette? Listen—I got [Fungoid Harvester] and [Lesser Wisdom] with your boon! I can’t work without it! Do you know how useful those Skills are?”
Two new Skills. Lyonette hadn’t known [Fungoid Harvester] existed, but the use of the Skill wasn’t hard to figure out. It was how Octavia had finally managed to isolate different molds. [Lesser Wisdom] now—that was like [Lesser Strength], but rarer. Far more useful for an [Alchemist]’s need to comprehend and innovate, too.
“I’m sorry, Octavia—let go! I want to experiment—Mrsha!”
The little Gnoll punched her fist into her paw. Octavia wanted to play rough? The [Druid]’s eyes glowed as she drew her wand. [Fur of the Fortress]! 
Octavia yelped as a huge, hairy ball of fur tackled her from behind. She went down and Lyonette bounded away.
“Lyonette! Please! I’ll pay you per hour! No—per day? Wait—”
A triumphant Mrsha hurried after Lyonette, shedding mounds of white fur which vanished after a few seconds. Lyonette sighed.
Another day in The Wandering Inn. But now she had her [Boon] Skill—who would benefit from it now? She couldn’t use it on herself, but…Pawn? Mrsha? No, wait, not Mrsha. [Barkfur] and [Lesser Strength] just meant she caused more trouble.
Zevara?
…Erin?
 
—-
 
Breakfast in The Wandering Inn was a chaotic affair at the best of times. The inn now had permanent guests, like the Players of Celum.
“Just something light today, please. Some of those berries mixed in a small bowl of yogurt? We’re performing this morning. The Council’s having us do a larger performance.”
Temile and the [Actors] were excited, as was Galina, who’d joined their group. Across from them, Hexel was already on his way out. His three Lizardfolk apprentices had been delivered food in their room; they were still afraid of Drakes.
There were Drakes and Gnolls serving the tables. Ishkr wasn’t; he was in charge, leaving Lyonette and Erin to enjoy breakfast unmolested. Well, that didn’t stop Erin from calling out to other people.
“You don’t want breakfast, Hexel? Something to eat as you go?”
The Lamia grinned.
“I’m fine, Miss Solstice! Must slither off; lots of work to do as usual. I’m breakfasting with Councilman Elirr!”
“Oh, cool! See? I told you that some of Liscor’s people were cool with Lizardfolk, Numbtongue.”
“Mm. Not Drakes. Pass the sauce.”
“Here you go.”
“Lyonette, please?”
“Octavia, we’re having breakfast. Does anyone want more eggs?”
“Me.”
“I would like more unborn b—I mean, eggs.”
“Here you are, Bird. Octavia. Stop rubbing my shoulders.”
“Nice to see you, Octavia. You’re normally in your shop so much we have to send people to give you food before you starve to death. Uh…what’s this about?”
The merry conversation was taking place at one table where Bird, Mrsha, Numbtongue, Lyonette, Erin, and a rare addition, Octavia, sat. It was their customary group.
Sometimes there were additions, like Pawn, Belgrade, Yellow Splatters, or other friends like Moore, Selys, and so on. But the core group was this.
Around the inn were other regulars. A Gnoll and Drake with their hats on. They were sighing as they tucked into their food.
“I rather feel as though we’re being fattened up on feed, Ratici. Not that I mind free money, but one has to feel we’ve gotten rusty from all this sitting around. Check my midsection. Do I detect a bulge?”
“Not yet Wilovan. Still, you read my mind. But the Tallman’s paying…should we take rooms here?”
“I rather think that [Innkeeper] might sense us, Ratici. I’ve no desire to explain the accoutrements of various and somewhat illegal to very illegal natures on my person, do you?”
