Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 49
Dekass just stood there. He knew how the world worked. He knew the intricacies of armored combat and the capabilities of his foe.
Nothing in his tutelage had prepared him for that Skill.
“Let us revisit Zimrah’s new ability. It sounds as though that would cure…mundane…wounds, Tersk.”
“Yes.”
The Armored Prognugator clicked his mandibles together a few times. He wondered if another good slap would help.
“Clearly my hearing faculties have stopped working. No, we are all under a [Confusion] spell. We must employ anti-illusion tactics. Tersk. That would imply she could heal all wounds that are mundane.”
“That is what mundane means, yes, Dekass. Hmm…yes.”
Tersk had a dictionary open. He tapped a word.
“Mundane. She insists on fighting, so I may put her in armor. She must be guarded. I have already told the Free Antinium to send artifacts to protect her and the other—”
Dekass walked out of the tent. He stared at the ground and tried to find the runes or hidden spells on him. He checked himself into the [Healer]’s. The Gnoll stared at Dekass and gingerly took his temperature. She felt at the cold chitin and hesitated.
“What is wrong with you, yes?”
“I am sick.”
“How?”
“I do not know. It is your job to tell me. If I am infected, kill me quickly. Have my sword.”
The Gnoll had a problem with taking Dekass’ sword. She’d never be a proper Antinium [Healer]. Olesm came to ask why Dekass was bothering her, and Dekass realized he couldn’t tell the Commander because it was a new Skill in a class he was supposed to keep secret. So he employed subterfuge.
“Nothing is wrong, Commander Olesm. I am coincidentally sick and nothing else of note has happened.”
The Drake gave him a long look as Dekass decided he might actually not be under a spell or sick. The Armored Prognugator walked back to Tersk.
“We must test this at once. I do not believe.”
Tersk opened his mandibles in a smile.
“Neither did I. But I am beginning to. That is the point. It is happening again. This is the potential of the Free Antinium.”
Dekass…had never quite understood what Tersk was raving about when he reported to the Armored Queen. The Armored Queen, in her graciousness, had opined that the Free Queen had a chance, and that the other Queens had been less than welcoming to her, but she had expressed reservations that the Free Antinium could survive with their enemies using the city against them.
However, she had sent Tersk to see. When Tersk reported to her, she had sent Dekass with him. The Armored Prognugator had considered food the Free Antinium’s real asset; their leveling Soldiers and Workers had not impressed him as much as the Grand Queen’s secret project or other specialist Antinium.
After that day…he saw wonders.
 
——
 
Three Antinium walked the battlefield and did something that no one could believe. Observers from Manus’ divisions watched, rubbed their eyes, and raced back to report to their [Spearmaster].
Most of the Alliance’s soldiers just laughed in the faces of those who claimed to witness it. Or nervously checked if they were going up against the Ants tomorrow.
On Liscor’s side, Belgrade looked up at the sky and smiled. Liscor’s [Soldiers] whispered about it, doing much the same thing as Hectval, but encouraged by something.
Yet all those who saw it with their own eyes? Saw…
Zimrah raced forwards, and Dekass watched as an Antinium with nine cuts across their body jerked. There was a flash, and they rose.
