Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 21
A [Spearman]’s routine. No, a [Spearmaster]’s warm-up. Every day since he had first been a [Soldier], at thirteen years old, Relc had swung a spear. First clumsily, then experimentally. Some days he hadn’t warmed up, just rolled out of the way of a thrusting blade and fought.
But in peace, even on his days off—the spear rose and fell, tracing slow thrusts, pivots. Some of the people in the apartments watched, uneasily at first, as the Drake practiced in the courtyard. However, the bitter look on Relc’s face had changed.
He concentrated on the spear. He knew it back to front. He twirled it, in a delicate motion, the tip of the spear just a fraction from striking the ground. He whirled it across his shoulders, striking the ground behind him. Pivoted.
Thrust. Slash! Parry—each motion was deceptively simple. You might think it looked so easy. That was because it was an expert who held it. He never wavered. Each motion was decisive. He slowed, striking in slow-motion. That was because Relc knew how to slash. It wasn’t a wild burst of motion, but something he had practiced a million times before.
When a [Warrior] who had just picked up a weapon attacked you, it was all muscle and luck and reaction. This Drake knew every part of the attack and defense, every opening. When he struck, he knew he would hit.
The longer Relc practiced, the smoother the motions became, and that was startling, because he had already moved with astonishing grace for his appearance. He practiced on, as the sun rose, heralding dawn on his day off. For minutes—then half an hour. Then longer.
A full practice, to shake off the lack since Erin had died. Each pattern he went through, movements of attack and defense to strike every conceivable angle.
Parry arrows. Cut spells. Face down a charging monster or evade. Most of the adults had gone to work before dawn, working the earliest shifts. None had time to watch what seemed to them to be mostly boring, slow motions. The longer someone stared though, the more hypnotic it became.
Speed wasn’t what Relc craved. Speed was for the practice courts, for battle. Control, practice—that was what mattered here. He lost himself in the routine he had been taught by the army’s best [Spearmen], [Spear Drakes], [Spear Hunters], and so on. Even the old [General]. Everyone who had ever used a spear had gone through these motions.
Then—he went further. His motions changed from the static, [Soldier]’s sensible attack and defensive motions into something else. A combination of the two.
From practicing jabs and thrusts and rotations, the Drake’s steps and spear movements shifted. It began to look like a…dance. When he walked forwards, his feet melded with the ground, and he seemed to glide along. The spear became a part of his body, and it reached out, touching the air, creating patterns as the sun caught the metal edge.
Someone caught their breath as they watched. Below, the Drake leapt, planted the spear and travelled. He struck the air and ground. He carried himself across the courtyard and his tail never touched the earth.
He landed, and the spear whirled. A hundred arrows failed to strike him as it formed a shield from every angle. He swung it, and released his claw. The spear shot out, and he grabbed the end and swung it in an arc that covered countless feet around him. Dust rose and fell, in a huge arc around Relc. Not one bit touching him.
