Interlude – Singing Ships
Page 19
Almost definitely. So Jespeire’s mind was awhirl with risks, as well as a surge of elation.
Another great forest. A land not filled with leeches. A place to make a name for myself. 
For all these reasons and more, he had volunteered to come, and short of true calamity, he would not return home. However, Jespeire was not ignorant of the dangers, either.
“Warden Jespeire. I admire your restraint in the discussions. It takes a true brother of the trees, no matter which forest, to listen instead of making rash decisions.”
…And here was the [Lady of the Woods] again, to spoil his mood. Jespeire’s fiery red hair turned, and Iturtexi elected to drop into the water by ‘accident’ and swim to another ship rather than join the discussion.
He glared at the traitor as he bowed.
“Lady Ruveden, I was simply glad we could come to an agreement. We are all in this together.”
“Yes, indeed.”
She carried herself like how people told stories of half-Elves, as if you were supposed to glide across the ground and walk through forest pathways of leaves without disturbing a single one. They were all timeless half-immortals, but she wore that and the knowledge of her ancestry like a shawl to be flaunted.
Then again, Jespeire supposed she deserved some of that air of superiority. After all—her feet didn’t touch the ground of the ship’s deck. She drifted along as they spoke.
“Forgive me if I am direct, but your hair…”
It was not natural to see a half-Elf with red hair or more than faint orange, given their common ancestry, but Jespeire only indicated his tanned skin.
“I believe it was a fluke, Lady Ruveden.”
“Oh, of course. I trust it did not make you stand out too much? Forgive me, I was simply—intrigued.”
Absolutely no offense was taken, he assured her. Especially because that was a bald-faced lie, and Jespeire had dyed his hair and never looked back.
But he wasn’t going to be lectured by her and risk snapping back. So Lady Ruveden moved on rather quickly.
“This expedition…I hope you do not take my words as bald-faced cowardice, treebrother.”
Jespeire nearly tripped off the ship as he heard that. Treebrother? Nagas preserve them, this was going to take some doing not laughing at the names they used. He nodded, composing his face still further.
“Not at all. I’m well aware of the dangers, and despite my comrades’…my tree-people’s frivolity, they are fine warriors and explorers.”
Tree-people? He saw Ruveden mouth the word, then smile politely, and for a second, both half-Elves realized they were trying to humor the other.
Then they laughed, and that was genuine. Jespeire relaxed, and Ruveden looked to Izril. Her smile faded.
“You saw that Drake fleet? I believe they might be our truer enemies. The Drakes will not take kindly to anyone settling ‘their’ land.”
“And what do the Gnolls think?”
She sighed.
“In my experience, Drakes would not ask, but I am glad we have approached the tribes for the possibility of alliance. What does hearten me is that we may not be alone. Even if this new part of Izril is wilderness—do you know when our kin on Izril will meet us?”
Jespeire frowned, trying to recall the messages.
“Soon. They will be slower than us since most are headed by land, but a few are sailing around the High Passes. Apparently, the old currents have died, making their headway slow.”
“I see, I see. Who is leading that group at sea? Forgive me—our scrying and [Message] artifacts were damaged in the—unpleasantness with our cousins from the north. And I am obviously no academical [Mage].”
