Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 33
“Pisces. You mistrust me. You dislike me. I see these things, and it is fine. I will earn your trust. I will earn your respect. I am not the Naga, who must have these things from all and sundry. I can train a slave and sell it, even if I like him! I do hope Igheriz will change his mind…but this is how you work, even if you transport a slave. You raise their value. Like so.”
He gestured around his audience. Riqre spun, eyes searching…then his eyes lit up.
“Meritha. My lovely servant, you first.”
He pointed, and Pisces blinked as a young woman came over. Her dress was like the other female [Slaves]’. Revealing…and Meritha was a half-Elf, her features soft. Riqre stroked her cheek and kissed Meritha on the lips.
“I should be very upset if anything were to happen to you, Meritha, yet will you risk your body for me?”
“For you, Emir? Anything.”
The [Slave] breathed. Just like all the others. Pisces watched as Riqre exchanged another kiss, then turned. He reached for something a [Guard] held, weighed it, and turned. Pisces saw…a [Wagonwright]’s tool in his hand. A simple hammer.
“Sometimes a brush is needed. Other times? A hammer.”
With that, he turned, and swung the hammer into Meritha’s leg. Pisces saw and heard the bone crunch and break. Meritha screamed and toppled over.
“Riqre!”
The scream came from multiple mouths. Riqre stood over Meritha, a look of genuine pain on his face. Then he turned.
“Pisces. Look.”
Meritha’s leg was broken. Badly; she’d been struck just below the knee and it was no simple break. She lay, gasping, face white, blood seeping from the broken skin.
“Emir? Emir?”
“Rest, Meritha. I know it hurts. Someone, a pain-tonic! But no healing potion!”
Emir Riqre clapped his hands and turned to Pisces. The [Necromancer] just stared. Then Riqre walked over to him. Igheriz muttered a curse. Yet this had been arranged. Riqre stopped in front of Pisces.
“Do you see her leg? It will never grow straight. Not with a potion, not with time. Look, Pisces. Do you see what I did?”
“I see it.”
You monster. Pisces stared at Riqre. The man looked almost in tears. Then he nodded.
“It distresses you almost as much as I. Good. Then—Pisces. Please. Fix it.”
And with that, he produced a key, inserted it into Pisces’ collar, and unlocked it.
Pisces stared at Riqre as the band of metal fell. Hrome shouted, but Igheriz was strangely silent. The [Guards] of the other caravans whirled, and saw Pisces staring around.
A [Necromancer] without his collar. A Gold-rank adventurer freed. They reached for their weapons, crying out. Riqre had gone mad!
Azam’s head rose. But the Djinni, everyone else was too slow. Shocked. Pisces waited only a moment. Then he turned.
“[Deathbolt].”
He pointed at Riqre as he [Flash Stepped] away. Pisces moved—
—And stumbled. His finger fizzed as the mana filling him failed to come out. He stumbled forwards, and one of Riqre’s [Slaves] caught him. Pisces stared at her. Behind him, Riqre sighed.
“Pisces. Pisces. Do you think I am stupid?”
He stood there, as the [Guards] calmed down. As Pisces whirled—raised a fist—and saw it lower of its own accord.
“What’s happening?”
Riqre beamed. He smiled. He laughed.
“Where other men need chains or collars, I am the greatest of my class, Pisces. Did you really think I’d let you run amok? Igheriz, don’t look so worried. With me, you will never fear even your most powerful slaves running free. Well…perhaps that one.”
