Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 21
The big man sighed. He waved at Lyonette to effect that at once, rather than let Ratici add it to the list of debts unpaid.
“As you like. And to answer your question—I read in the recumbent embrace of beautiful women, Ratici. As they or we lie together in their inner sanctums, one finds time to read a book or two. I’m a [Reader]; I can read a book and memorize it in an hour, which is often granted to me as the lady and I must rest before parting.”
“Surely that’s a waste of a class in the businesses we find ourselves in, Wilovan?”
“Knowledge should be its own reward, Ratici. But since it affords me classes and levels, I’ll happily keep it as a side class. So long as I keep up with you, there’s no objection, is there?”
“None. Another two pizza slices, Miss? And perhaps some more free fries? And—let’s have a pair of these ‘chocolates’.”
“Are you sure, sir? They’re expensive and small. But a delicacy.”
“Of course.”
Ratici harrumphed. He hated spending too much money on useless things, but food was hardly that and he considered himself an object of paramount value. Too—he hated being seen as stingy. He also hated being seen as lower-class, but he refused to wear anything that looked ‘noble’.
He was an odd mix of contradictions, Ratici. And his partner, Wilovan, was surprisingly unsimple, especially to the women he romanced. Of course, he had a preference.
“Dead gods, what a lady. Did you see, her over yonder?”
The man stared across the inn. Ratici looked up.
“I fail to see her. But knowing your eye—yon [Shield Maiden]?”
“None other. Shame she’s with her child. But what a figure of a lady.”
Wilovan sighed, staring at Briganda’s form. Ratici rolled his eyes.
“Wilovan, your tastes never fail to amaze me. And what, per se, is wrong with a child?”
Wilovan looked offended.
“Only that the poor little fellow shouldn’t be forced to wait—much less topics of an intimate nature discussed about him, shouldn’t you agree? It would be different in other situations. But given the moment, it would be highly inopportune, rude, and I’d expect any woman as amply gifted as that lady to make the child her priority over any hairy interloper such as I.”
The Gnoll sat back in his chair and adjusted his vest. Ratici swished his long, scaly tail back and forth as he counted his fries.
They were of course, men. Just a different kind of men than Human men. And they had come through a door.
Pallass’ door. The Gnoll and Drake partnership was a long one, though, and soon they fell to discussing business.
“It took us longer than we would’ve liked, coming north on an errand as this. But this door is more boon than not, despite its implications. I’ll not miss going around the Bloodfields again.”
The Drake sighed as he nodded at the door. Wilovan nodded. The Gnoll tapped his furry forefingers together.
“We’re late on contract. So the Tall Man might be unhappy.”
“Let him. The Brothers didn’t tell him we were in the south; nor how fast we move.”
Ratici flicked his hands and in so doing, produced the ketchup in its little cup, despite it being right next to Wilovan. The Gnoll didn’t react; he was used to Ratici’s abilities.
“True enough. Then, you’re keen on taking the contract?”
“The Tall Man pays and it seems after this Lady Reinhart business that this is the place to be. We may also practice our work in Invrisil with minimal effort. Think of that, Wilovan.”
