Interlude – Conversations
Page 3
“Nonsense. Don’t stopper your emotions for me or Visophecin, Lesy. I know how much Ser Tubeliges meant. You will remember this day forever. He will not leave you, and you will be the better for it. Let out your emotions. He saved you as a babe—he was a champion among Sariant Lambs.”
“He—he did do that. Everyone said I was drowning and I remember—”
Lesy had been fine. Now she began to hiccup as the old story—the Sariant Lamb who had dove into the pool and dragged out a baby—struck home twice. Gadrea hugged her tightly, but gently.
“Never forget. Never forget those that die, Lesy. We cannot. We shall—we must do something for him. A statue! A painting!”
At this point Viscount Visophecin felt the need to interrupt. He spoke, calmly.
“I believe there is a communal painting of all Sariant Lambs in this generation, Gadrea.”
She glared at him and, for a second, he felt the force of her emotions.
“Not enough, Visophecin! For Lesy and Ser Tubeliges—you wouldn’t gainsay her that, surely?”
Visophecin sighed. The [Painter] who had come expecting to do portraits of House Shoel’s reclusive and rich family had been forced to paint each Sariant Lamb in great detail. And they looked alike. He did a quick estimate of how much a marble bust would cost.
“I never spare you anything, Cousin. If you would like a marble statue, so be it.”
And yet…he eyed Lesy. The girl was crying harder than she had at the funeral. Visophecin looked around.
“Herea. I believe Lesy is overwrought. Will you take her somewhere quiet and make sure she wants for nothing?”
“Of course, Viscount.”
The [Housemistress] had been hovering. Now she came forwards and Lesy clung to her, sobbing violently.
“I shall go with her—”
Lady Gadrea moved to join Lesy, and Visophecin blocked her.
“I require a word, Cousin.”
“When Lesy is grieving?”
“Alas, it is a matter of state. A…young woman, and the Duke.”
Gadrea paused, but looked after Lesy. Herea smiled.
“Lesy will be fine. If she asks, I will send for you, Lady Gadrea.”
“I suppose that is well.”
Visophecin met Herea’s eyes briefly. The [Housemistress] was not going to send for Gadrea. And that ran two ways.
Because it was true that the servants of House Shoel wanted for nothing. In fact, applications to work at the manor were fought over tooth-and-nail by even the palace’s finest, because not only did House Shoel want large families, the children would not work, you would be paid the fattest wage in the entire nation, and amenities went from healing potions on demand to extensive vacation time to the recreation rooms.
Nor was this because House Shoel’s folk were hard to please. Oh, Visophecin’s side of the family was aloof, but polite and demanded nothing—they preferred to be left alone aside from simple fetch requests.
Lady Gadrea’s side of the family was engaging, lovely, cared about you, and sent flowers and thoughtful gifts to your wedding. However. They were also as dangerous in their way as anything Visophecin might do.
He had seen it before. Lesy might well grow up to be a woman in her thirties who still celebrated a ‘Ser Tubeliges’ every year. Or simply develop some odd savior-complex where she went around protecting sheep—or other people.
Lady Gadrea stood with Visophecin as Lesy was led away, now wailing. She watched Lesy anxiously, with a pure sadness, empathy, concern that Visophecin lacked entirely. But that was her nature.
