Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 14
Oh shit, were those weapons? Ryoka didn’t wait to find out. She ran for it. She dashed down the hallway, hoping to get back before Gilaw found her, so Fithea could sort this out. But she heard the angry, wet Great Knight tearing after her, so Ryoka dodged left, praying Gilaw didn’t have a sense of smell, and opened the first door she came to and shut herself in.
That was when she met the immortal named Menorkel.
 
——
 
It was obvious after mere moments of descending into the darkness that this place was not natural. Kevin felt it in his bones.
The strata of the rock was uniform. Some ultra-tough material even Poisonbite couldn’t chip a flake off of, at least not on the move. They had to move quickly too; the Humans had seen them entering and were coming.
A big army. Yet the Goblins were cheerful. As one Redfang, Atter, cheerfully explained to Kevin, this was a good place to die.
“No light. Humans hate no light. Small tunnels. Good to fight many in. Except [Fireballs].”
She was a former Mountain City Hobgoblin, hence her advanced command of linguistics. Compared to that, the Redfang next to her, a normal-sized Goblin, yet wearing the Redfang paint, was practically unintelligible and had no Shaman-name. He was called Pillowhead.
There was a difference in Antinium and Goblin naming conventions. Antinium were random, like Kevin2 and Infinitypear. Pillowhead? Kevin stared at the pillow strapped to the back of the Goblin’s head.
“…Why does he have a pillow on the back of his head?”
“Good sleep. Also, cheap helmet. If he dies, he gets to sleep a long time comfortably.”
Atter assured Kevin. Pillowhead, who had grunted after surviving the outpost stand, gave Kevin an amiable grunt. Kevin looked at them.
He had known them for exactly two minutes by name and already he didn’t want either to die. Die they might, though. Taganchiel had placed a ward at the entrance. He was monitoring it as they fled, following Poisonbite now, because her eyes were best and the Ogres only knew this place, not the layout.
Down they went. Through smooth stone tunnels. Debris became increasingly apparent, and some kind of detritus on the ground. None to obstruct movement, but it proved someone had been here.
No. Someone had built this place. Kevin shined a wand up and saw the strange, pale stone. Why was it so cavernous yet so clearly made? The answer came to him as they passed by a more intact part of the caves. He gasped. Atter made a sound.
“Oh. Dwarves.”
The part of the tunnel not worn to craggy stone was clearly a road, and the walls were not yet fully obscured. Kevin saw cut stone, old reliefs on the walls, depicting some design or mural…he swung the wand of light around.
Oh no. He had a bad feeling about this, and that was about as clichéd as…
“Ward gone. Humans behind. Hurry. They are coming.”
Taganchiel snapped. Kevin looked at him.
“Don’t say that.”
“What? Humans coming. They are—”
“Don’t say it like that, Tagan. Just…trust me.”
It was too silent down here. The Goblins moved, and the heavy tromp of the Ogres and the jingling of armor was the only sound Kevin heard. But he had been promised something. Drums. Drums in the…
Perhaps no one was here anymore? Kevin really, really doubted it. More likely, whatever was here might not have known there were intruders yet. However, any hopes of that ended as their pursuers entered the caves, spreading out through the branching tunnels, or as Kevin now knew, hallways. They made a lot of sound, a furious din in the distance.
