Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 26
The Drummer struck the huge drum with a boom that emphasized her words. The Trolls went silent and Kevin motioned to Poisonbite. Don’t say that again.
“You. Music.”
She pointed at Kevin. He fumbled with his smartphone. The Drummer pointed a mallet at Taganchiel.
“You. Go when music stop. No fight. No help. Go.”
The Goblins traded looks. That was already better than them being pursued, but now Taganchiel muttered with Atter and the Redfangs.
“What do you want, Troll Queen?”
“Not Queen. Heh. Goblins.”
The Drummer was amused. It was so…strange. Taganchiel was caught off-guard, because the Trolls seemed more knowing of the Goblins than vice-versa. He protested.
“You killed Humans for us. We can help. There may be consequences. We can give—”
To that, the Drummer literally played over him until he shut up. She stopped when he fell silent, shielding his ears, and looked exasperated. She jerked a thumb at Taganchiel. Kevin wasn’t sure what to say, but the Drummer sneered.
“Quence? Quence, ‘help’, ‘plan’. Goblin things. This? Troll’s.”
She stabbed a finger at the ground. Kevin nodded. Don’t come to my place and bring your stupid needs and fighting. I don’t want help. I don’t want to deal with this.
That’s what he guessed she was saying. She was literally…unmoved. He looked at her.
“Why did you let us live, then, Miss Drummer?”
She winked at him.
“Song. More songs? Give?”
She pointed at the smartphone. She looked disappointed when Kevin explained it would run out of power. But she shrugged.
Good songs for a bit. She listened to sixteen more songs, nodding to some, shaking her head and making him skip others. Then she sighed.
“Song. Go now.”
Kevin slid from her perch and stood, stretching his legs. The Trolls sighed, but then the beat began.
Thum, thumthumthum thum…
A marching song. It was time to go. One of Poisonbite’s lot had scouted back the way they’d come and looked worried.
“Humans. Many. Coming.”
The rest of the army. Kevin saw the Drummer look up once, snort contemptuously, and play on. She nodded at Kevin, Taganchiel, ignored Somo completely.
“Go.”
“We can help fight.”
“No. Go now. Before die.”
The Goblins hesitated. But now the Trolls were ushering them, with considerable agitation. Only one showed them a different route out of the caves. He jogged along. Hurry, hurry!
Why? Kevin glanced back. The Drummer was sitting there, calm as could be. She nodded at him. Come back and play more music sometime. The inviting drumbeats settled down and the thum began again. Growing in volume until his ears thought they’d burst.
“Fast!”
The Troll barked as they ran. He was leading them to another way out of the caves. Taganchiel kept glancing back. An army was flooding the caves, to kill the Trolls. Was the Drummer not going to run? Did she have that much confidence in her warriors? Why…?
They had their answer near the end of their journey. An hour out of the center of the Trolls’ home must have been enough time for the Humans to get close enough. The rising drumbeats made it easy to figure out which way to go.
They were thunderous where Kevin was, and they were nearly out of the caves. He couldn’t imagine how loud it was inside. But then it happened.
He heard a second drum, quieter than the first, but struck with such force by a Troll’s strength that it made a sound beyond even the biggest drums Humans had ever imagined. It echoed out of the deeps.
Whum. Whum. Whum!
