Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 33
A man appeared in the mirror, a goatee, Terandrian clothing, a rapier at his side, bowing to a man on a throne, clasping hands with a [Knight], dancing with a beautiful woman—then a Drake, marching along with three giant, statuesque women. Literal statues. Standing on the walls of Pallass, speaking with a number of Drakes and Gnolls. Waving at crowds of thousands.
“The second is a Drake who affects magic to this day. Zelkyr Amerwing of Fissival, later known as Archmage Zelkyr.”
The penny dropped. The King of Destruction’s eyes widened. Slowly, Toren, staring at the orb, heard a crash.
A man with pale white skin and black eyes, white pupils, hair as white as snow, stared at the orb. A reflection of the woman he had just been dancing with—no, the living man—stared at her master, and then the orb. Bea, Ijvani, Venitra, Kerash, and the others—frozen.
Az’kerash looked at Eldavin, uncomprehending.
“The Archmage of Death and the Archmage of Golems, they were known. Archmage Chandler and Archmage Zelkyr, although the world knows of the former by a different name. Az’kerash, the Necromancer of Terandria. As this day marks the time, nigh on a century and a half passed, when both were named as Archmages of Wistram, I feel it is only right to tell their stories fairly. For what you do not know was that they were friends. You do not know how each truly came to be known as legends, both good and ill. The tragedy and glory of both. This is what you shall all learn.”
“Wh—what—”
The Necromancer’s voice was strangled. He reached out as if to stop what was playing on the orb. Yet there was nothing for him to do.
The pictures on the paper grew, the moving shapes growing larger. Eldavin walked into the memory. The moving image.
A movie of the past. He had quite enjoyed making it.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This is Part 1 of two. The theme is ‘Paradigm Shift’, but it ain’t over.
I wrote this full story, 41,000 words, in one go. It’s split up because that’s too much for any one chapter. So if you’re reading along, bear in mind that the second half completes the side story you voted on.
Anways…if you’re a Patreon, you can just click the next chapter now and see what comes next. Only Public readers for a few days will have to wait. So find out what happens next time on Eldavin’s new broadcasting segment!
 
Mrsha Emotes by Plushie!
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Bobo_Boppins
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/boboplushie
                                                    
 
Imani Cooking, Visma, and Mrsha Pie by Saladan!
                                
 
Waisrabbit, Fetohep, and Corusdeer by Auspicious Octopi!
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/auspiciousoctopi/
DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/auspiciousoctopi
                                  
 
 

