Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 6
It took one week of riding fast to get to the Hivelands. If that was her destination. She didn’t know anymore.
A lot had changed, even now. Maviola El stood up.
“Let’s go for a walk, Olesm. I don’t know…maybe I can stay. Until the end.”
He stood up too. The blue-scaled Drake met Maviola’s eyes.
“You had better. Because I won’t let you ride off. I’ll follow you until…until.”
She was going to have to slip him a sleeping potion. Maviola smiled at Olesm. He was the kind of person she wished had existed decades ago. Maybe then.
“How did we ever come to hate each other? Humans, Drakes. I feel I’ve wasted so much time and energy fighting your people, Olesm.”
“I don’t know. It’s politics. And…deaths. I don’t hate Humans, Maviola. I owe almost everything to Humans.”
She nodded. They left Olesm’s apartment. And walked through the streets of Liscor.
It was another day. But how much changed in a day? Maviola El had been resolved, yesterday, to end her life by riding upon the Hives. To see the Antinium that had plagued her home for the last two decades and make an ending there, for better or worse.
To blaze brighter than the sun itself before she died.
It would have been a fine death. And it might have started a war depending on what she did. Now though…she wasn’t certain.
A lot could change in a day. As Maviola El walked the city of Liscor, she felt it in her bones. In the faces, the conversations. The Wandering Inn wasn’t rocked by it. But then—Erin Solstice was Human. She had no context for it.
But here—look at them. A word hung in the air. A name.
“Sserys.”
The greatest [General] of Liscor. The hero of the First Antinium War. A legend, an old hero, like a family’s heirloom. Just a story.
But an Antinium had dragged his name into the present. Made him more than just a name to rally around or quote.
Anand had built Sserys a memorial. Maviola El had been there.
“He may have been the enemy of the Antinium. However, he was also a hero of my home. Liscor. I would like to honor his memory, Olesm. That is why I built this. It is a small thing. But I believe it matters.”
That was what Anand had said. And he had shown them a cairn, a bit of metal.
It had changed everything. Even now—people were talking about it.
“They’re Antinium. How do we know there will be a statue? They killed General Sserys.”
“Yes, and our Antinium made the statue. There are Antinium…and that was our Antinium. Anand. I played chess with him one time, I think. Or was that the other one? The point is…”
Maviola wondered what effect the announcement was having in other places. Pallass, for instance. She and Olesm walked towards The Wandering Inn. And one of the spies ducked back. The Human, now not as rare in Liscor with the influx of Celum’s refugees, whispered into a speaking stone.
“It’s her. Maviola El confirmed. Tell her ladyship!”
He stepped back just in time to see the second spy whispering into the stone.
“Lady El is here! I’m sure of—”
She broke off. The two Human [Spies] stared at each other.
 
—-
 
It would not have surprised Maviola El to know that Pallass had suppressed the news of General Sserys’ memorial.
Grand Strategist Chaldion was speaking to General Edellein and General Duln, of 4th and 1st Armies respectively. The Assembly of Crafts had put a silence order on the news.
After all, an Antinium performing an act of…honor…went against the entire narrative about them. The Assembly was debating putting out some kind of announcement.
