Interlude – Relationships
Page 33
Adventurers only, stupid! And their cool friends. Then her eyes widened as he gave her a gap-toothed grin, and Grev swung himself into the seat.
“Look who’s back! Hey, Miss Ceria!”
“Is that Grev? I thought you were with the Players in the north.”
He looked offended.
“Me? I’m a Face on the streets these days. I’m not going to First Landing. Too far. Heya, Numbtongue. ‘N who’s this? Hey, have we met before? You look familiar.”
He stared at Nanette, who blinked at the street lad. Then someone was jogging next to the cart as the impromptu band began to play. Mrsha saw a high-kicking group of sharply dressed women and a man with a trumpet.
They had chops. Even the adventurers and Lyonette noticed the band of eight. Seven women, all with trendy dresses that were—odd. They were uniforms, not just the latest fashions, in bright cloth as vivid as anything from Earth. Glossy, with an odd badge on the arm and chest, as if they were [Soldiers].
But they were no soldiers—or if they were, they were part of the most musical army in the world. One had a marching drum hung from her chest, and she was rattling off a song to the other instruments.
Horns, a brass trumpet in the familiar man’s hands. And the others were backing him up, with more horns—even a strange instrument that Mrsha had never seen before, with a long tube that kept moving as it changed pitches.
A trombone—and they played well. Dame Ushar’s eyebrows rose because the musicians were performing and dancing. [Bards]?
No, not quite. Nor was this a chance meeting. By themselves, the eight performers turned the street from a chaotic cavalcade into a parade. It wasn’t just how they moved, in unison, as if they knew how to celebrate, teaching the street by example how someone should move when the energy burned in their limbs—it was what they were. Professionals.
They had been here before. They had seen champions and legends and grand occasions, and they rekindled that feeling in a heartbeat.
Mrsha narrowed her eyes at the man in front. How did she know him? She had never seen his suit with the bright red cloth and shining lapels, like he was the owner of the menagerie or some high-level [Bard]. Yet he was looking at her, and one bright orange eye opened like a spotlight. Then he winked at her.
The little Gnoll stared at the performers sharply with a sudden suspicion, then she peered at the badges, but they were rolling past, and she only saw a sparkling inn on a tiny badge for a second. Then—
The [Vice Innkeeper] winked at her. Like pure mischief, an impish wink promising…Mrsha’s eyes widened.
Mrsha pointed two fingers at her eyes and pointed them at him. She would have done more, but they were moving on as Fierre shouted, trying to keep the umbrella over her head in the crowd.
“Ceria! Mrsha! It’s me! Fierre! Hey—what’s going on? Did anyone level up? Hey—”
Only when Numbtongue noticed her did she manage to climb on. Lyonette was hmming as she pictured how an entire army would come through Liscor’s gates. They needed a route, and the wagon was crowded—but visible.
Something to see. Calanfer’s citizens often greeted [Princesses] riding horses, but [Princesses] and dignitaries hated sitting on the animals—and the horses hated it too. She had no desire to be beaten to death by a certain [Druid].
But a wagon? What if you had a bigger wagon and painted it, a moving stage? Yes! She wondered if someone had invented her idea. Probably. That was the problem with Earthers. Come up with anything interesting and they said it existed and gave it a stupid name, as if they had personally come up with it.
 
