Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 22
The two started chuckling. The air had been tense a moment ago, and Luan had believed Ekrn meant every word. He had also believed the Fraerling was a friend, by now. So they relaxed. Ekrn nodded. He fished around, and came out, with all things, some gum.
No cigar, no other vices…just gum, natural gum the way it had been before people processed it. He actually blew a bubble as Luan watched, envious.
“Alright, you got me. Threats done, we both know where we are. Tell you what—since you’ll probably be our friendly giant, I’m willing to share a few secrets about Paeth. Things you don’t know, if you do likewise.”
“Do I have lots of secrets?”
Ekrn ignored Luan’s innocent look and snorted. He chewed.
“Yep. I just bet you do, and more than threats, that’s the way to make sure we’re willing to trust you. I’m not sure what it is—but you’re from somewhere interesting, aren’t you?”
“How’d you figure that?”
Luan sat back, heart beating faster. Ekrn glanced at him.
“Because you don’t blink at Paeth. Oh, you like our magic, but the galifts, longcalls? I have been around, Luan Khumalo, and no Tallfolk can just waltz into a Fraerling settlement and not be stunned. Nowhere is like this. Yet you don’t even question it. I’ve heard galifts exist in one other place in the world, but they don’t have longcalls there. So…where are you from Mister, ‘not from Terandria, not from Izril, not from…anywhere?’. And what’s in your bag of holding? Nice mage-images, by the way. Clock, ‘apps’—very nice device with lots of pictures.”
Luan grabbed his bag of holding.
“You bastard. You unlocked my phone? How? You knew this entire time—”
Ekrn laughed at him. Luan had no idea how he’d done it! He had the password on his phone…then he realized.
“You could see my fingerprints?”
“What? No! Do you think we bothered to taste all that grease from—that’s disgusting, by the way, we washed it. It was easy. We just cast an unlocking spell.”
“That works?”
“6822?”
Luan swore again. He was learning a lot today, about technology and the way it intersected with magic. Ekrn leaned forwards.
“So how about it? I’ll tell you some things. I bet you’re wondering why we call our leadership the Architects, aren’t you? Information for information. Where’s China?”
Luan looked at the back of his smartphone. He eyed Ekrn, then laughed.
The Fraerling had him over a barrel. But the truth was—Luan didn’t mind.
“Alright, you’ve got me. I’m happy to talk.”
“Really? I thought I was going to have to twist it out of you.”
Ekrn eyed Luan. The [Rower] took his time in replying.
“It’s a big secret, and some of my…friends…wouldn’t want me to say anything. But you know, and you have secrets of your own. Like Signim.”
The Sentry Leader narrowed his eyes.
“Remind me to kill Noa after this.”
“It wasn’t her. Anyways, that’s what some of my friends would say.”
Like Geneva, in her own way about guns and bombs, Daly, Paige…Luan remembered the discussion about the gunpowder, and he agreed. Agreed and disagreed. He wasn’t like them. He looked at Ekrn.
“Secrets get out. More than that, I’d rather tell you. Because trust exists both ways, yeah? You could have just asked me.”
He looked at Ekrn and the little man shook his head. Ruefully. He nodded at the giant and sighed.
“You are the most jolly, good-natured, fairytale giant I’ve ever met.”
The anime-loving athlete from another world grinned as they rose to continue their discussion outside; it was getting stuffy in his home.
“I like that kind of story.”
 
—-
 
