Interlude – Rufel
Page 8
But it was Elirr who lingered. And like Rufelt, he said not a word. But in his case—Mrsha glanced up at him, anxiously at first. And Rufelt had heard little of how Elirr figured into yesterday. But he had some connection with the little Gnoll. But the elderly Gnoll said not a word. He just sat, drinking slowly. Sitting next to Mrsha.
After a while, he patted her head gently. And she leaned against him, and he wiped her eyes with a gentle paw. Rufelt polished the mugs gently and refilled Mrsha’s cup with milk and Elirr’s after ten minutes. And he envied the older Gnoll and wished he could have done that.
You were always evolving. Always. It reminded Rufelt of how far he had to go as a [Bartender]. He busied himself at the other end of the counter, giving the two space and drawing traffic down that end. Another interesting guest stopped by then, and Rufelt couldn’t help but begin a conversation on his own terms. Sometimes you had to. Especially when a Drowned Man, half-man, half-crab, stopped by and spoke.
“Narwhal’s Knife. Make it a double.”
It was a brisk order, and Rufelt automatically behaved as if he were at a room where the order fit. The drink plonked down on the table in seconds. First a clear cup. Then—a thick, dark, liquor, blue and gray. To that, Rufelt added a shot—and it was a shot from the metal straw in the small container—of an alcohol so potent that it made the eyes sting.
The blue-gray alcohol was thick enough that the clear liquid was caught in the drink. It was like a clear spear of liquid, shooting down towards the bottom of the glass. Exactly like a spear, in fact, or a horn. The thick outer liquid didn’t let the clear spear dissipate and didn’t change markedly even when Seborn picked it up. The Drowned Man took a drink of the potent stuff and nodded.
“Thanks.” 
“I hope it lives up to the reputation. It’s been a while since I made a Narwhal’s Knife.”
Rufelt glanced at the Drowned Man, casually leading into the conversation. He caught a half-smile from the [Rogue]. Seborn nodded.
“Tastes just like something I’d get in a port-city bar. Better, actually. The glass is clean.”
“True enough.”
That made Rufelt smile. He and Seborn glanced at each other, appraising.
“You’ve worked in port cities, then.”
“And you’re familiar with them.”
Seborn shrugged.
“Not a hard guess.”
“I don’t mean to assume. If you’re a sea dweller, were you an independent sort? Or…?”
Now here was question with only three answers. One was ‘yes’. The other was [Sailor]. And the third…Seborn shook his head.
“[Pirate]. Retired. I’m surprised anyone would ask that question in Pallass. Have you served many sea folk before?”
“I did a few years in Zeres, but that’s about it.”
“Huh. Not many [Pirates] there, I bet.”
“Some, but not as many, it’s true. Still, those who pay off their bounty are allowed in. Drake laws.”
“Sure. I remember. Zeres, City of Waves. Not the kind of place most [Pirates] prefer to venture near. One of the places to avoid, in fact. Top…five worst.”
“There are worse places to be? Forgive me, but I’ve always been curious.”
Rufelt polished the bar, watching Elirr leave the bar with Mrsha to join a table where Erin Solstice herself sat, staring at chess board with glowing pieces. She looked up, smiling, and Mrsha happily slapped a bunch of pieces off the other side of the board and watched them fly back into position. Rufelt had offered Erin a drink, but she’d declined, wanting to be at her ‘best’. For…chess?
