Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 66
“No. No—Pisces is next. Before that, where is she? There is only one person who could do this. Ah, there you are. Cawe. Cawe, Cawe, Cawe.”
She jerked. She was burnt; Azam had seared half her feathers off. The [Pickpocket] still spat at Igheriz.
“Do your worst!”
Igheriz gave her a beaming smile. She looked up at him, shaking. Pisces felt his limbs begin to move. Igheriz shook his head.
“You have made me so angry—so—but I have to get to Roshal. And Astotha begs me for mercy. So. It will be Leciaun for the others until I return. And that is merciful. You? Cawe? Just…”
He stood, turning to Pisces, then turned and pointed back. Pisces saw him draw a sword.
Igheriz ran Cawe through the neck. Pisces screamed.
“Cawe!”
The [Slave Master] was turning away, dismissively. He walked over to Pisces. Then he squatted down.
“You know what is coming next, don’t you? Snip, snip. Bring me potions and a blade. Hold him down. Azam.”
The [Guards] moved forwards, grimly. Pisces shouted. He struggled, as someone seized Eloque. He saw Igheriz looking down at him, and Pisces no longer cared. He looked at where Cawe lay.
“Do it. Do it, Igheriz. Do your worst. I will live through it all. I will walk down that dark road that Az’kerash took. I will reach the end and I will end all of Roshal and you.”
He saw the [Slave Master] ready the blade. Pisces saw him look down. The [Necromancer] felt it. The same madness. He knew now what Az’kerash had seen.
“I will never forgive this. I will wage war until the end of my days and beyond.”
He began laughing as the pain began. No salvation. This was simply Chandrar and the Traders of Roshal. There was no inn anymore, no [Innkeeper].
The end.
 
—-
 
The night sky over Chandrar had no clouds. In it blazed a hundred thousand multi-colored stars. They looked down over the screaming [Necromancer], the kneeling [Slaves], the caravan and the rest of Chandrar itself.
As they had always done, winking down on horror. There was no salvation from there, even if it was said in the old stories that the Gnomes had once traveled into that heaven.
But those were old stories. And who remembered old stories like that? Only the almost immortal…
A shape broke across the starry sky, growing, splitting the dark night into light. No star, although it seemed like one for a moment.
Pisces looked up and saw a comet streaking across the darkness. No—not a comet. He looked up and saw a—
Rainbow. It burned across the darkness. Everyone looked up.
A rainbow, shooting across the starry night sky, without rain or light. It left a trail of colors, a shower of its own; falling sparks that burned and faded in the darkness. Yet the rainbow shot forwards. On and on, curving across the world and the bleak desert and quiet lands below.
A line of prismatic spray. Emanating from a single, glowing point of white light. It was such a…non-sequitur that Pisces stopped raving. The other [Slavers] looked up, and Igheriz stopped his first cuts.
To Pisces’ surprise, the [Slave Master] looked up and then dropped the dagger. He stood up, slowly. His look of rabid vindictiveness faded. A note of—uncertainty filled his eyes.
He murmured.
“A-aah. It—that—such sights are—”
His gaze traced the rainbow-comet. It shot forwards, streaking closer from the distance. So small at first. And then…growing.
Pisces felt the grip loosen on his legs. He looked up and saw Azam’s eyes go wide. Igheriz turned to Hrome.
“That—do you see it, Hrome? Do my eyes…?”
Some of the [Slave Guards] were murmuring. Others looked blank, but Igheriz was suddenly sweating. He looked up.
