Interlude – Chess and Ships
Page 10
Wil had not shared the details of each shipwreck with his classmates. He trusted them, but this information was his alone. And indeed, the scroll was protected against theft. No one but Wil and Niers would know where the shipwrecks were, and he had memorized all the details. It was coded to his touch; anyone else grabbing it would find the paper disintegrate in their hands.
Cargo for Archmage Zelkyr. Two hundred years old, perhaps! And what might it be? It was the kind of thing that you made the very essence of stories out of.
It could be nothing. The first shipwreck didn’t even have the Titan’s speculation as to what it would be—just that he knew something was down there. But not all of the shipwrecks were so enigmatic. One of them made Wil’s heart thunder, the next destination on their travel.
 
Gailenwright’s Eye, the command-ship of the [Pirate Lord] Gazer, Gailenwright. Known as one of the more infamous vessels lost, and marked the end of the era of [Pirate Lords] around eight hundred years ago. The warship appeared during storms and fog and the Gazer crew would immobilize and destroy enemy ships in deadly ambushes with their superior optical abilities. It had a special hull, designed to repel magical attacks.
The ship and [Captain] were both lost in a full clash between an armada of the [Pirate Lord] and the Undersea Crews. The shifting battle took place during a storm and the Gailenwright (ship, not [Captain]) was said to be invisible to all scrying means. Because of this, locating the wreck has been difficult, but several survivors had rough estimates.
I sent two scouting vessels to ascertain the shipwrecks. They’re down there, but my [Divers] both perished. Monsters of some kind inhabit the wrecks, but I’m certain the Gailenwright, among other vessels, is hidden below. 
Drowned Ships may have already plundered the vessel, but then again, even the Drowned Folk may have not been able to locate the Gailenwright. I myself only pieced it together with some extreme logistical guesses, and it took my scouts nearly a year to find. I never did put together an expedition to grab whatever was down there; my enemies would have probably stolen it on the way back, and the Iron Vanguard makes assembling a fleet impossible. Tread with caution.
 
An artifact owned by the [Pirate Lord]. Again, each site could have been plundered, or be something else. Or have been lost to monsters, or any number of things. But it was a chance. And there were more entries.
 
Massive sunken naval armada. Unknown which particular event. Speculation: half-Elf empire? [Divers] saw something like their sigil before one got eaten. Also, beware of giant eels.
 
Monsters. No shipwreck was merely ‘lost’. Some had become the resting places of the ship and their crews because of what had downed them. Or—what they had been carrying.
 
Possible resting place of the Diamond Swords of Serept, a Kheltian treasure stolen from the nation of Khelt around two thousand years ago. The curse of the treasure or some magical trap activated at sea. Possibly still active. All possible; don’t get your hopes up. Also, don’t take the swords. [Message] King Fetohep and negotiate if you find them. Curse may still be extant.
 
Will poured through the list. Nine entries. Nine possible treasures, some of artifacts of power, others mysteries. Each one might make him famous, or might end with his and the crew’s death.
