Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 62
“After seeing those things in Riqre’s keep—was it as bad as the Village of the Dead?”
Pisces thought.
“Worse. The Village were simply undead.”
Shein nodded.
“No wonder I never made it to Silver, let alone Gold. I’ll remember you too and tell stories.”
“Thank you.”
What else was the young man to say? Shout his bitterness? His despair? No…he waited. Cawe held back but Merr who spoke.
“Thanks for killing that bastard.”
Pisces nodded at her. The [Bandit Lady] looked as tired as he was. Eloque was even present, sitting alone. They would all say goodbye, and Igheriz had let her join him on this night alone.
You see how I still honor you?
“You did your best. I think you were wrong. Better to end it than live like this. Is this place you know so beautiful?”
She murmured, watching him closely. Pisces murmured. Bearig and Cawe were last.
“It’s hardly that. It can be annoying. Dangerous.”
“Then it hardly sounds better at all!”
She laughed. Pisces just shook his head. He looked at an image in his head.
“No. It is worth waiting for. Because it was the home I wanted all my life. I waited so long for a place like that, and never knew it existed.”
The first place he had ever been that welcomed him as he was. Eloque shook her head, but not in denial.
“I hope you can find it again.”
Bearig was last. He didn’t really know what to say.
“I’ll tell stories of you. And Rophir will remember, won’t you?”
Rophir was sitting there, blank. Only Bearig would try to make him eat—the others looked at him like a weapon. Pisces wanted to say something to Rophir.
I know one of your people. If I ever get free…
He bit the useless words back.
Cawe was last of all. The Garuda sat cross-legged, fussing with her blankets.
“So, Pisces. You never got free after all.”
“Looks like it. All those keys and it turned out Igheriz had the right one after all. And he’d notice any moment if it went missing.”
The Garuda nodded. She peered at Pisces. He had thought long and hard about the issue, of course.
“And you’re not exactly quick with your hands.”
“I was a thief. But you’re right. Never a [Thief]. Let alone achieved the exalted class those of a métier like yours achieve.”
The other [Slaves] glanced up at the fancy Wistram-word. Pisces lay there, gazing up at Cawe. He saw her cracked beak open and the [Pickpocket] grinned.
“Quick hands isn’t as important as knowing the when and where of it. When I told you I could’ve stolen a key from a [Guard] with my bare talons, I didn’t expect you to tell me to put a key back.”
The [Necromancer] looked up. Cawe slowly produced a key. Several keys. The other [Slaves] went silent. Eloque’s eyes opened wide. The [Necromancer] only…sniffed.
“That’s why you got caught.”
“But how?”
Astotha was confused, and terrified. Cawe released her shackles with a key, and undid Pisces’ shackles. He was still bound with multiple cuffs—he hadn’t expected that, but she was producing more keys, fast as could be.
“Tenir.”
It was Droppe who breathed the answer. The Lizardfolk man looked from Pisces to Cawe and snapped his fingers.
“His keys! But they were all for Riqre’s [Slaves]—”
“—Which means Hrome and Igheriz’s [Guards] have a lot of useless keys.”
Pisces murmured. The others looked at him, astounded. He suppressed a smile and shushed them, but his mind was racing, as his heart had been.
Eloque’s eyes turned round as it all made sense. Pisces just sighed in relief.
He hadn’t been sure Cawe would pull it off.
 
—-
 
