Interlude – Relationships
Page 28
Everyone turned to stare at Ceria, and the half-Elf winked at Nanette in a friendly way. And sure enough—the doors of the carriage flew open, and Erin Solstice flopped onto the ground.
Everyone stared at the [Innkeeper] as four Thronebearers and Lyonette hurried out to pick her up. The [Innkeeper] was trying to push herself up.
“Rags is—the Goblins are—bisque! Where’s my stupid chair? I’m mad at all of you!”
Mrsha ducked behind Moore again, but Erin was excited. So excited that Ser Dalimont was unloading her chair and she was pointing to the gates when she noticed the adventurers.
“Wait a second. I’d know those filthy robes anywhere. Pisces! Seborn! Moore!”
“Jelaqua? Hey, Erin!”
The Selphid saw Erin being pushed over and laughed as Erin stared at them.
“I thought you were at Orefell!”
“We got bored and headed back. Hey, Erin. Killed a few hundred goats. How was your vacation?”
Ceria lifted a hand, still chuckling. Erin hesitated, and Numbtongue answered.
“She called a Water Elemental out of a river.”
A spray of cheese struck half of the adventurers in the wagon as Ulinde expectorated. It wasn’t that the famous Winebreath Blaster or variants thereof were that common. It was just that you tended to have someone with their mouths full of liquid or solids at helpful times.
Ksmvr barely looked up at Erin; he had instantly fixed his attention on Nerry and was offering her cheese and patting her with his patented four-pat technique. But Erin was barely able to focus on that.
“Yeah, I did. And there’s an Elemental of Law now. Stupid beeping thing hates me. Ceria—Pisces—did you see Rags? Dalimont says she’s at Liscor! We have to get there!”
“An Elemental of What Now?”
This time, even Ceria and Pisces felt that this was beyond the regular Solstice effect. They sat up, fascinated, but Erin pointed.
“Rags? Liscor?”
“If Selys says she is, Erin—Erin!”
The [Innkeeper] was trying to wheel herself past the wagon. She called to the Horns as she looked around.
“Sorry, guys. Hey, someone push me! I’ve got to get to the inn now!”
She was so frantic she rolled past the battle-weary Horns. Of course, that was not her fault; Erin had not seen the desperate battle against the Eater Goats and Gargoyles. But Lyonette had, and she saw the brief look of disappointment over Jelaqua’s face and Yvlon’s discontented expression.
They had nearly died out there. The Silver Swords had escaped unscathed, but the other teams had lost teammates.
“Erin…”
Numbtongue was glancing at the adventurers, but to his surprise, Ceria lifted her skeletal hand, and he fell silent.
“Push me! Someone push me!”
Then a Drake appeared, and Tessa leapt off the wagon, freaking out everyone she’d been sitting next to. She grabbed the handles of Erin’s wheelchair.
“I can push.”
“Good! Take me into the inn—I forget the name! Just push, and we’ll find it. Sorry, you guys catch up—”
Then Shriekblade, the Named-rank Adventurer, began to push. Erin’s last words disappeared into a breathless scream. A blurring [Innkeeper] shot across the ground, and the first [Guards] and people coming to congratulate the adventurers scattered.
The distant scream from Erin’s mouth trailed off as Ceria snorted. Lyonette was apologetic. She looked at the adventurers, and she knew what they’d done.
But Erin was…thinking only of the Goblins.
“I’m sorry, everyone. Erin’s just—”
Ceria lifted an amused hand, and her pale eyes were calm.
“Don’t worry, Lyonette. We’re used to it. No one told her how heroic we were, right? Besides—”
