Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.2)
Page 11
“Glorious Sun. Grassleaves. Six and Five. Red and White Flowers. Cold Blue.”
Yellow Splatters nodded. The Soldier’s colors, their symbols flashed in his mind. Numbtongue looked at him. And the Hobgoblin’s wide eyes conveyed a message without words.
You were there. You understand. You remember. Yellow Splatters nodded. He reached out and Numbtongue clasped his hand gently. Both of them heard a small sound and turned.
Erin was crying. She wiped at her eyes as water flowed from them. It was another strange sight. Yellow Splatters stared at Erin’s face. And—strangely—he felt uncomfortable. Pained. As if the tears were hurting him. It was like looking at a wounded Soldier or Worker. He touched his chest, averted his gaze. But the pain in his chest didn’t clear. And Erin kept crying.
“I’m sorry. I know I asked you, but I—I thought—I’m sorry—”
She hiccupped, and then began crying and hiccupping. Numbtongue looked at her, helplessly. He shook his head as Erin turned to him.
“That’s not—”
He looked at Yellow Splatters. The Antinium saw his mouth working and the words came into his mind first. He looked at Erin.
“It is not grief we seek, Erin Solstice. The cost was paid. Antinium and Goblins died. But if we were faced with the same choice, we would do it again. We won.”
Numbtongue closed his mouth and looked at Yellow Splatters. A flicker of something—a smile—tugged at his expression. He nodded. Erin shook her head. She was still crying.
“I—no. No. It was—”
She broke off and kept sobbing. But the tears didn’t last. Numbtongue awkwardly patted Erin on the back. She hugged him. Yellow Splatters looked at the Goblin’s face and gently copied Numbtongue, patting her on the back. And he met Numbtongue’s eyes.
That was what they couldn’t explain to Erin. The tears matched. But he and Numbtongue had something she didn’t understand. Pride. The dead had not died in vain. And all of what followed—Yellow Splatter’s resolve, Numbtongue’s desire for the dead to be remembered, to enter Liscor—stemmed from that.
They had not died in vain.
Yellow Splatters kept patting Erin until she let go of Numbtongue. The young woman dried her face. She looked helplessly at them and sniffed.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Numbtongue. I wasn’t thinking of how you felt.”
“It’s fine. Go lie down. Sleep.”
Numbtongue pointed to Erin’s room across from him. She wavered.
“No. I should get downstairs. Although—”
She noticed her wet apron and shirt. Numbtongue eyed her.
“Lyonette will be upset if you go down. Mrsha will howl.”
“Probably. And I guess everyone else will want to—maybe I’ll lie down. You’re sure you don’t want to talk?”
“Sure.”
The Hobgoblin smiled. Erin wavered, but he ushered her gently and insistently into the room. She eventually went, promising she’d be out in a little bit. The door closed and Numbtongue and Yellow Splatters looked at each other. And again, they felt at ease. Yellow Splatters stepped into Numbtongue’s room and the Goblin closed the door so they wouldn’t bother Erin.
“They can’t forget. Ever.”
He meant Liscor in the distance. It was different from Yellow Splatters. He shook his head.
“Memory matters little to the Antinium. We desire the expansion of our Hive. Revalantor Klbkch has a plan and I am helping to carry that out. I deem it worthy. But that is not what concerns me. The Painted Soldiers. My unit. We were weak. We are weak, still. But I was given a chance to strive again. So I will—I must become stronger.”
He held Numbtongue’s gaze. The Hobgoblin clenched a fist, understanding at once.
“Strong enough not for all to die next time?”
