Interlude – Two Rats
Page 27
“After them! Don’t let them get away! They’re going to the—basement?”
And just like that, a rat dove through a crack. And when the trapdoor opened and they descended below, the Humans and Gnolls recoiled. For the People of the Grain Sack were caught in the light. And the [Innkeeper] and guests saw nearly a hundred rats, having a snack. From a bunch of stored foodstuffs, perfectly preserved.
So Erin stood in the basement, with a hammer and Lyonette with a bag. They looked at each other, one queasy, one pale. But both could agree: the rats had to die.
“Er. Okay, they’re rats. And they’re a pest. So…let’s smack them with a hammer?”
“By ourselves? Didn’t you say rats deserved our respect?”
The [Princess] was horrified and amused by turns. The Gnoll cub stared around and folded her arms. And Erin threw up her hands.
“I said that! But a pest’s a pest! Now help me kill this stupid nest! They’re eating my stuff! What I said applies. They’re alive. So…kill them quickly so it doesn’t hurt?”
So saying she tried to raise the hammer and chase a rat. But when it came to splatting one, she couldn’t. So the hammer went to Lyonette, who looked queasy and upset. And Erin turned and looked snide.
“I thought you were on the ‘squish the rats’ side?”
“Well, yes, but it’s one thing to hammer them flat! Why do I have to do it myself?”
“Because they’re just pests. And if they didn’t feel a thing, why do you feel bad? Because it’s gross? Or because you think that when they scream, they scream?”
The two began to quarrel as Mrsha sat on the ground and sobbed. Lyonette glared and pointed at the rats.
“And if rats could speak, would you save them from the world? If rats could weep, would you say they were like Goblins?”
She had no answer to that. And so the [Princess] threw down her hammer and a rat went splat. The two stared at it and they heard a rat scream. It wailed and shrieked and they both turned green. And there was a great wailing and gnashing of teeth, none of which Mrsha took part in. Until a Hobgoblin came down the basement steps. He stared at the two young women crying over the dead corpse of a rat and the bloody hammer. Numbtongue paused. Then he pointed and asked.
“Are you making rat soup?”
The Hobgoblin listened as Erin told him rats could feel pain. And Lyonette and the Gnolls disputed that they should feel shame. In the end, Numbtongue pointed at the rat. It was screaming and the Goblin snapped its neck with one foot. He looked up and at Elirr.
“It feels pain, just like you or me. But it is not like you or me.”
He looked at Erin and Lyonette and Mrsha too. And she asked him if a Goblin was like a rat. The Hobgoblin paused and stared down at the ground. He shrugged.
“Rats are not Human or Goblin or anything but rats. When one talks, I’ll think about it. But I know this: when you kill something, you kill it fast. And here’s a plague.”
He pointed. And all say that was true. The People of the Grain Sack poked their heads out of every space and Erin shuddered. She looked at the hammer and then at Lyonette. Then she poked her head out of the basement and shouted.
“Ishkr! My favorite employee!”
And the Gnoll with prescience instantly looked up and shook his head. Drassi hid, but Ishkr just spoke with a common-Gnoll’s wisdom.
“No. Miss Erin, you have money. Use that, and not us. For if we scramble and swear and run about, the rats will escape and we will all be upset. But now, in Liscor, the city, there are plenty of ways. [Exterminators], and [Hunters], and do you know what else? Honored Elirr trains the best ratters, both dogs and cats.”
