Interlude – Rufel
Page 0

Embarrassingly, after two shots, Rufelt lost his balance and nearly toppled over behind the bar. He couldn’t remember the last time that had happened, but the black, faintly savory alcohol was so potent that even his intense tolerance to alcohol couldn’t keep up. And while he could have turned his [Immunity: Alcohol] Skill on, what self-respecting [Bartender] would do that for a drink?
It still knocked him completely off-balance. Rufelt stumbled and she caught him. He looked at the Drake, Lasica. His wife. And she laughed.
“Rufelt! You’re falling over after two shots? And you call yourself a high-level [Bartender]?”
“I—hey. It’s strong.”
He weakly mumbled. But it wasn’t really an excuse. Lasica rested her head against his shoulder. He leaned against her while the world spun.
“Mm. Thank you.”
She only smiled.
“I haven’t seen you do that in years. Not since we went to your father’s funeral.”
He smiled bitterly, remembering that day. The Gnoll rubbed at his dark fur, mussing up the neatly-combed appearance he normally kept while tending to his bar. Then he looked at Lasica and smiled.
“And you caught me then as well. You have a knack for that.”
“Well, that’s why I married you. Steady. Do you have your feet?”
He nodded. But the two leaned on each other for a moment longer. There was nothing more comfortable in this world, after all. They only separated after hearing the quiet, precise cough at the bar. Then Rufelt looked up, grinning. He nodded at the Antinium and his hair only rose a bit as Klbkch the Slayer glanced at him.
But a [Bartender] didn’t show their emotions. And his Skills gave Rufelt an amiable façade he could hide behind. No—more than that, the Antinium were fascinating. Even if this one was a legend, a nightmare for anyone who’d lived in a Walled City and remembered the Antinium Wars.
But see—he spoke. And he acted so normal. So polite and reserved, in fact. Klbkch the Slayer nodded and opened his mandibles as Rufelt eyed the dark, foamy liquid in the shot glass.
“What is your verdict, [Bartender] Rufelt? I take it the potency of the alcohol is to your satisfaction?”
“I don’t know that I’d say that. Rather, it’s alarmingly strong. Too strong, perhaps.”
Rufelt cautiously felt at the top of his mouth with his tongue. It had gone slightly numb. Klbkch tilted his head.
“I see. I adjusted the formula based on the last feedback I received. It is still too strong?”
“Still…? You mean, it was stronger than that?”
Lasica’s brows shot up as she leaned against the bar. Rufelt wondered who’d died in the first trial run. He sighed as he tapped the liquid in the glass.
“What did you call this? Rxlvn? Frankly, it’s too strong for me to use in many drinks. The purpose of alcohol is to be enjoyed; rarely do I mix something to completely knock someone out. And this is closer to poison than actual alcohol. Uh—is there actual poison in here?”
“Hm. I was under the impression most alcohols were an impairment of some kind. The Workers did add some paralytic elements.”
Rufelt paused as he reached for some water to steady himself.
“…What kind of elements?”
“Mushrooms. Serpent venom. A small dose of Shield Spider venom.”
Lasica looked worried. Rufelt just considered this.
“Maybe ease off the serpent venom. That’s probably why I feel like passing out under the bar. But I could see selling the actual drink. It’s quite savory, actually.”
