Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 1
“Yes. The title is…as for the Kingdom of Keys, I would say the paranoia of its citizenry—not to mention the unique culture—interferes with its qualification as a utopia. Are you familiar with the Kingdom of Keys, Samal? Of course you aren’t.”
“Nope. What’s it like?”
The speaker was a [King]. Or rather…a King. Also, undead. He was named Fetohep of Khelt and his eyes flashed golden in their hollowed sockets as he reclined on his throne and spoke. On the nature of utopias, he was an expert.
“Doors upon doors. Each part of the kingdom, a passageway into the next. The outer…layer of the kingdom itself is a gateway that must be entered. Yet entire fields and farmlands lay beyond. An enemy must first bypass the gateway by force of arms—or keys of their own. Thus, safeguarded, Samal creates inner gateways. And its citizenry has taken that to an extreme. They lock everything with the same keys, obsess over what is theirs. To be great in Samal is to have a key to every lock. To be poor is to have a key only to the fewest things.”
“Makes sense. Is it nice to live in?”
“I would place it below the Silent Dome of Baleros—which is a maintained utopia for their honored elite. As I stated earlier, a utopia that caters only to a few could include even Roshal. But true paradise is far more challenging. It is simple enough to make one man live like a [King]. To make all live like [Lords] is far harder. And yet, I declare Khelt to maintain such a place. True, if I must list my nation’s flaws, it is our reliance upon water and the labor of the undead. Neither of which is a crucial weakness, but flaw exists. However, compared to other nations which must train and maintain armies…”
“Mhm.”
The undead ruler, Fetohep, paused. The reply was…well, the absent sound of someone who was clearly doing something else and making a ‘I’m listening’ noise.
It was not something he, Fetohep, ruler of Khelt for over six hundred years, was used to hearing. He balefully eyed the glowing crystal, hovering next to his throne, surrounded by a suspended, faintly-inscribed ring of oscillating gold.
A more permanent version of a speaking stone, which could be tuned to receptors at great distances. This one was currently tuned to Esthelm, Izril. And a young man was holding it against his ear as he fiddled with some mechanical parts.
“…Are you listening to me, Kevin of Liscor?”
“Er—absolutely, your Majesty!”
There was a hurried shuffling sound, as of someone sitting more fully upright and guiltily putting something down. Fetohep paused pointedly.
“My words are not so light as to be put after other, mundane activities, are they?”
“No, sire. Not at all…er…”
“Er, what?”
A pause, and the sound of someone scratching their head. At last, Kevin came out with it.
“Not to insult your Wise Majesty—but it’s just that, um…”
Fetohep waited, nodding at the proper address. The young man did vary it each time, which Fetohep appreciated. After a second, Kevin just came out with it.
“I’d hate to offend your Majesty. It’s just that, well, I’ve been learning of utopias and their qualifications for um, the last six hours, King Fetohep. And I uh—have work to do. Not that I can’t make time for our best client! But I…”
Another moment.
“…I have to pee.”
“Ah.”
