Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 72
The Gnoll looked around for Iraz and saw only Cetrule, the Gnoll tugging open a manhole to peek inside. Both Gnolls looked up as Rose pointed towards her house. She was trembling. Afraid of what was inside.
Longing to see it, if only for a moment.
 
——
 
“Math. Maaaaath—”
Yelroan ran about the university until someone called for campus security. Elsewhere, Theikha collapsed into one of those handy massage chairs at the airport as Gire brought her a drink and everyone stared at the nine-foot tall woman. Someone tried to recruit her for their university basketball team.
 
——
 
It was only for a second. It was only for an hour. The Gnolls within the tent walked out of it early, or just left because it was too much. Some died. They died like a dreamer, and some woke shaking, running from the tent, and others clutched at their heads, overwhelmed by what they could not, would not comprehend.
It was a story, and it told itself across each person differently. Wonderfully, with great joy and sights they loved—others like a horror unfolding piece by piece, a nightmare and warning.
But they did see, and for every Gnoll that ran, a dozen stayed to talk, ask questions or just walk down a street. Others walked into a pub, had a drink, and decided they had Earth beat on beers. Or they checked the news, played games, found out what coffee tasted like when done right.
 
——
 
Even the terrible moments. Chieftain Orelighn of Greenpaw could not take his eyes off a Human without a home. Without anyone who would take his hand, alone among so many. He followed the Human around and watched. A steel and glass city with flaws in how they had made it.
 
——
 
“So they are not that much happier.”
Iraz Steelfur murmured to himself. He realized how blind he had been.
Two nations represented themselves for the Gnolls, Rose’s and Inkar’s. Beyond that, the world turned to mist, but the Gnoll had the most unpleasantly nonviolent experience of being crammed into a metal box with other people going to work. He could not imagine it was pleasant.
He looked around and saw no great warriors here. Or at least, not a nation of conquerors. Just people. Look at their miserable, empty faces. His tribe could lead them forwards and show them something better.
 
——
 
That was how they passed the time, all of the Gnolls who stayed.
Looking at Humans. Not sterling examples of the world, especially depending on where you landed. Far from perfect. Rude, or helpful, or surprisingly gracious. With odd customs and beliefs and far too much of an obsession with navels.
But people. Not monsters, running around with weapons, making war. They did make war and do terrible things. But…if ever their worlds should collide? If those lost children found their way to them—
The Tribes of Izril would not welcome them with walls or distrust. They would treat a people like a people, varied, strange. And the children?
They would protect the children and let them choose who they wanted to be.
That was wisdom. And Satar Silverfang looked around, as she sat in a movie theater. She walked around and saw the story she wanted to write. The story of the world, as a proper account, never unbiased, but proper and true.
The story of two worlds. So she looked around for a journal, found a pad of paper and a handy scribbling pen. She looked at it with a frown.
Satar had seen a keyboard for the first time and decided she was done with quills forever. Just as soon as she could figure out how to make a computer. She sat down…
And began to write.
 
 
 
 
