Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 14
For once, the Magus-Crafter actually blushed. Nsiia laughed. It was a fitting name, and clearly, not one that the designers meant to be shared before the actual event.
The Golem resembled many War Golems that Nsiia had seen. Humanoid, armored—with two Human-like hands to grasp weapons with. In this case—a waiting, unenchanted double-handed battleaxe.
Since the point was to have Golems from each state prove which design was most efficient, the weapon wasn’t enchanted but Nsiia thought the ten-foot Domehead would still be able to wield the huge weapon with crushing strength. Certainly, enough to break a rival Golem’s armor.
Anyways, Domehead resembled those armored constructs except in its head. It’s head was…well, a half-dome. Instead of a helmet or carved face, the creators had installed a far broader crystal dome, transparent but thick, and inside placed…Nsiia squinted.
“Are those crystals?”
“Command crystals, yes. Supplementary. Er—Domehead is experimental. Instead of placing all the command matrices in the chest area, we’ve created two separate interfaces. One in the head as well as the chest, for redundant backups. It should be able to keep fighting even if it takes a great deal of damage to one of the command areas—and the other states will be aiming for that, as will we. The head is exposed, but we’ve reinforced the dome and there are few other places we can install a backup ‘mind’ as it is.”
Nsiia nodded. She knew how to kill Golems and you generally had to hit their command-spells. Enough damage and the Golem would malfunction or just ‘die’. It was that, or destroy their limbs so they couldn’t function. Golems were hard to kill and they could be repaired with annoying ease sometimes.
“It looks expensive.”
“Extremely.”
Half a dozen [Artificers] chorused in the vicinity. Femithain was one of them. He grimaced, and then—grinned. He looked far younger than he did anywhere else as he pointed at the dome.
“The command crystals and ‘helmet’ alone cost half as much as the rest of Domehead. However—if we win the Golem F—the Testing, we can make a case for backup command spells to be installed in all Golems worth more than twenty thousand gold pieces. And if it is possible to reduce the overhead and spacing issues, Dellva will pioneer this advancement in Golem technology for decades to come!”
The other [Artificers] let out a subdued cheer at that. This was no room filled with lesser staff; each [Golem Artificer] was the kind who still knew how to do the work themselves and they would entrust it to no one less.
Passion, energy—all into making sure their Golem beat the other Golems into dust. Nsiia sighed. She had been informed that [Golem Artificers] were predominantly male over female. And mostly Human with a smaller section of Dullahans and Lizardfolk as the primary species of choice.
None of that had surprised her. Also—Femithain was still talking.
“—greatest competition might be in Ferule’s inspired ‘Spitshot’ Golems, which are employing actual liquids since no spells are allowed.”
“What…kind of liquids?”
“I’ve heard magma, but that sounds like a ruse unless they’re actually investing in that much heating spells and a container. My guess is oil followed by flame. Or maybe an alchemical substance?”
“They won’t be able to make a case their Golem is superior if they win because of the most volatile liquid!”
One of the other members of Dellva’s team complained. Femithain waved a hand at him.
“That’s why we’ve taken steps with our armor, Hecii. You worry about those fingers.”
