Interlude – Embria
Page 16
“For the last time, Senior Guardsman Relc. I will not sell you a trained attack sheep—”
He protectively moved in front of the one sheep in the room. Relc scratched the back of his neck, avoiding Embria’s pointed gaze.
“I’m not interested in sheep. I’m just looking for a dog. And I’ve got my uh, daughter here! This is Embria. Embria, Elirr’s a [Beast Master].”
“[Beast Trainer].”
“Yeah, that thing. Say, do you have a dog with really big teeth? And how fast do they run?”
The long-suffering sigh that Elirr emitted sounded almost familiar to Embria. She’d heard it from a number of Relc’s colleagues. But the Gnoll soon had a number of dogs wandering the floor, and she was impressed at how well they obeyed even Relc’s commands. The Drake bent to scratch ears and ask who liked the taste of [Thieves]—Embria stood back and watched.
“You are Senior Guardsman Relc’s daughter, Wing Commander? I recognize both of you, but I hardly put the pieces together until now.”
Elirr’s voice made Embria turn. She smiled at him, and the older Gnoll smiled back. He only smelled a bit like wet dog, and if you got to know Gnolls, you understood that was a distinct possibility anyways.
“That’s right. I’m back home on duty. I haven’t been back to the city in…years.”
The Gnoll’s gaze sharpened.
“Of course, the army hasn’t. But Liscor is pleased to have the army back defending us, yes? Your company saw fighting during the siege.”
Embria nodded, surprised. Not everyone gave them credit. But the Gnoll’s smile seemed genuine. He gestured to the menagerie. Relc was going from pet to pet, and he was popular with dogs. Not so much with the cats, who flipped their tails up at him.
“Do you wish to see the animals? You need not buy them; they enjoy a good scratching. And ah, is your father serious about a dog? I have had a number of odd questions from him, yes?”
The Drake smiled ruefully.
“Sorry about that. I don’t know if he’s serious. I like cats and dogs. My dad—my father prefers dogs, though. He doesn’t get along with cats.”
She pointed. Embria turned back to see Relc glowering at a cat perched at head-height. The cat was hissing at him. Relc hissed back.
“Bleh. You want some? Bring it.”
That was the wrong move, apparently. The cat leapt and slashed at Relc’s extended tongue. The Drake staggered back, howling. Elirr sighed. Embria covered her face.
“That cat slashed my tongue!”
Relc’s first reaction after a drop of healing potion had been used was outrage. Embria put her claws on her hips.
“What are you doing, picking a fight with a cat? And how did it injure you, anyways? You’ve got two defensive Skills for your scales alone!”
“My scales, not my tongue!”
Relc moaned. Elirr was apologetic.
“I’m afraid Miss Twekla is also a bit more dangerous than the average housecat. Which is already a bloodthirsty murderer. She’s trained to kill pests, and her claws are sharper than normal. Please don’t tease her.”
“Do you sell cats for stew?”
The Drake glared at the cat. Miss Twekla hissed at him and leapt out of Elirr’s arms. She disappeared among her friends. The Gnoll shook his head.
“No one eats my animals. Or dogs in Liscor. Or cats. Unless they poop outside the litter box.”
He eyed his charges. They looked innocently back at him and raised their backsides, as if for inspection. Embria had to laugh. Elirr shook his head.
“I wonder how much they do know—Guardsman Relc, do you want a dog? You’ve seen all the ones I have, although I could hold any puppies that are birthed. It is a chore training them, but they are lifelong friends, yes?”
