Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 4
Erin stared at Teliv. She wanted to say ‘get out’, but instead, she just wanted to have a lie down. Teliv saw her expression and coughed again.
“Also, I’m coming on behalf of Liscor. Pallass says they’ll go over any transportation into their city at the checkpoint. Er…Miss Solstice?”
“Chocolate.”
“…What?”
 
—-
 
A bit later, Erin Solstice stood in the kitchen over a seed pod. She had dealt with the obstacles lying between her and chocolate. Mainly by saying ‘chocolate’ until they went away.
“I’ll negotiate with Teliv. I’m used to it.”
“Chocolate.”
Erin saw Lyonette glare at her. The [Innkeeper] turned.
“Thanks, Lyonette. Look, let’s just make the stuff. Huh?”
“Okay. What’s the first step.”
And the young woman from Earth smiled. This was what she liked. Cooking—for fun, hanging out with friends, none of this deal making nonsense. She gestured at the dark pods lying on her table.
“Well, cacao is unprocessed chocolate, right? I know it’s a bean, so I bet you have to…get the beans from inside. Then squish them into chocolate. Probably…um…melt them?”
She faltered under Lyonette’s flat stare. Erin drew her special Pelt-made knife and hovered over the seed pod.
“First things first! We just cut open the pod, easy, and—ew!”
Erin recoiled. The inside of the pod was filled with a fleshy, white…fruit. Not a bunch of dark beans like she’d assumed! It was, in fact, like a bunch of misshapen…she stared at the white rind on the cacao fruits.
“What is this?”
“Cacao seeds. They don’t look good. I thought they were beans?”
“They are! They’re supposed to be—hang on.”
Erin was thrown for a loop. Clearly, in her memory of how chocolate was made, someone had skipped a few crucial steps. She stared at the fruity white things and closed her eyes.
“Hm. Hm.”
“You have no idea how to make them, do you.”
“Silence! I am at work, Lyonette! I’ve tackled bigger challenges before!”
“Like what?”
The [Innkeeper] tuned out the [Princess]’ voice. Her eyes snapped open and she pointed dramatically at the seeds in the pod.
“My [Advanced Cooking] instincts are telling me—they need to be dry first! Huh? Huh?”
She turned to Lyonette with a proud look on her face. The [Princess] stared back.
“And then?”
Erin paused. Her eyes narrowed as she thought for another minute and then it came to her. Intuition mixed with memory, her Skill at work.
“We’ll dry this stuff out! And then—well, I don’t know, but that’s probably where you—roast them.”
Yes. That sounded right. Roasting! Like coffee! Did this world have coffee? Erin’s mind was racing. She smiled at Lyonette—and the [Princess] looked up from writing a note on a bit of parchment.
“Yeah. Um, Erin—I’m going to go ask Lasica for advice. Drassi? Can you push this note through to Pallass? Just throw it through the door and shout at someone to pick it up.”
“What? But hold on! I can figure it out!”
Erin hurried after Lyonette. The [Princess] turned and looked at Erin.
“I’m sure you can, Erin. But we don’t have time to mess about all day. Lasica had chocolate, right? We’ll ask her. She’s a [Chef], anyways.”
“But—”
It made sense. But Erin didn’t like that it made sense. She deflated as Drassi took the note. Within twenty minutes, a reply came back that Lasica would ask one of her friends in Baleros and come over with the recipe. Lyonette, satisfied, walked off to confer with Teliv. And Erin sat in the kitchen, staring down at the open seed pod.
“This isn’t as fun anymore. What happened to everyone’s sense of adventure? Creativity? Figuring it out for themselves?”
