Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 10
“Don’t exaggerate, Yerranola. I’m just a [Lord]. Kallinad’s a big family. I’m not even in the immediate line of succession. There are eight stronger heirs with a claim to the family head than me.”
“Really? I thought you were a third son.”
“Yes, but it’s about bloodline, Feshi. Technically, my father had my sister with his, uh, first wife. And I’m the product of the second. But that’s not how Terandrians choose their successors.”
The Gnoll [Strategist] looked confused. Cameral leaned forwards, feeding his head with a spoon.
“It’s first-born from each previous leader, isn’t it?”
“That’s a lineal descendant, Cameral. Direct inheritance. We used to do that in Terandria…a long time ago. Now though, it’s ichorial descendancy.”
The blank looks came from everyone this time, even Merrik, who was used to some of Terandrian politics. The [Lord] looked embarrassed as he tried to elaborate.
“The purest bloodlines lead each house, not the heir of each predecessor. If you marry into the nobility or even royalty of another family, your children are, uh, purer in descent. So that means my father’s sister—my Aunt Delicha—has the strongest claim because she’d married to a [Baron] of Ailendamus. Her children are first to inherit unless my sister, Talia, gets married to someone with a bloodline at least as pure as…”
Yerranola’s eyes rolled into the back of her head. Umina tried to follow the convoluted explanation, but gave up. So did Wil as he realized he was losing his audience. Foliana drank out of Xelic’s mug with a straw.
“It’s very complex. And houses can split or schism all the time when fighting over succession. Kallinad hasn’t had one for a few centuries, which means it’s probably time.”
“Dead gods. And I thought politics in Baleros were messy. What’s the point of all that?”
Xelic got up to refill his mug. Wil shrugged.
“Intermarriage between the noble houses prevents strife, in theory. It’s also hard to wipe out a house for that reason. Everyone of the peerage is distantly related to each other. Only a few bloodlines have been erased, sometimes due to war, or assassinations—the Goblin King, the Necromancer—”
“Bastard.”
Kissilt interjected that comment as an aside. Merrik laughed.
“A toast to dead undead!”
Everyone drank to that, although most of the other students didn’t share the same view of necromancy. The conversation circled right back to Wil. This time it was Venaz who was objecting to Wil’s decision.
“But you are beholden to your kingdom, aren’t you? House Kallinad is still under the domain of the Kingdom of…Pheislant. Hm. Cameral! Pheislant! What are the facts?”
He turned to the Dullahan quickly. Kissilt, Cameral, Venaz, and Yerranola were all fans of flash-facts about other nations. They loved quizzing each other at random. The Dullahan instantly sat up and his hands scratched the top of his head as he replied.
“Naval nation. Unit of specialty—aquatic [Knights]? Strong navy; weaker army but entrenched fortifications along borders. Largesse means strong connections with [Knight] orders, especially Order of Seasons. Last war—defeat. Against Ailendamus—”
“Yes, good! But that means Kallinad owes loyalty to Pheislant. If you’re asking a question on behalf of your house, shouldn’t you ask one on behalf of your kingdom? I’m just extending this logical train of thought. I still think you should ask your own question.”
“It’s not that simple, Venaz. [Dukes] can refuse royal orders if they have good reason. In fact, sometimes they can overthrow the [King].”
“What?”
