Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 1
Smooth as butter. Which again, chocolate probably contained. Erin wasn’t sure, but within twenty minutes Selys appeared.
“Mrsha! Where’s my favorite little Gnoll? Hi, Erin! Lyonette! What are you doing?”
“We’re making chocolate!”
Erin pointed to the pods of cacao fruits that they’d gathered from the tree. Lyonette was poking the rough, fairly unappetizing exteriors of the shells. But Erin had confidence. She knew chocolate existed; Lasica had said it did and Palt was sure about the name. She stepped out of the kitchen as Selys bent to greet Mrsha.
And stopped. Selys Shivertail had changed a bit. Her scales looked—glossy. And she was wearing a rather nice set of clothes. Not your plain cotton, but a glossier, more vibrant fabric. Not a dress; she was in casual, walk-around clothes.
But it was better than Erin’s normal clothes. The [Innkeeper] blinked.
“Wow, you’ve got new clothes. And jewelry?”
Selys smiled.
“Magical artifacts, actually. I have a small collection. It’s a bit haphazard, but I’m buying for quality. Speaking of which, how are you?”
“Oh, you know—”
The two sat for a brief chat as Mrsha leapt up to the table. Erin told Selys about the garden, her plans for the day—but the Drake [Heiress] was far more exciting. Because Erin’s big events had been witnessed by Selys. But Erin had no idea how Selys was doing herself.
“You remember I was telling you about how I’m getting into the landowning business? Well, with the money the Heartflame Breastplate is earning me, I’ve bought some of the new parts of the city. And hired [Builders] and people to start making apartments.”
“Whoa! So you’re going to be an actual [Landlady]?”
Selys waved a claw dismissively.
“I don’t know if I want that class. But maybe it’ll fold into my [Receptionist] class? It’s really just to put the gold to work. I mean, I can’t spend it all on myself. And renting space would be a good way to make money besides the breastplate.”
Erin had heard about the new construction of the city but she hadn’t gone out to look with all that was going on. She made a note to do just that. But for now—she listened to Selys talking about her big plans.
“I’m going to own apartments for any species. But mainly Humans. The other [Landowners] don’t want to cater to Humans, although I bet they will. But I’ll make a better place. Your Players of Celum will be my first clients, the ones who don’t want to stay at your inn.”
“Hey, that’s great! Thanks so much for putting them up temporarily, Selys.”
The Drake waved a hand as if finding places for nearly forty people—[Actors] and families—was no big deal. She’d managed it in a single night, though. Selys had money and money talked and walked and also poked people in the head. So did Tekshia.
“It’s to my advantage, Erin. I’m going to give Humans an opportunity. Hire them along with Gnolls and Drakes. And I’m in a minority there. Speaking of which, the apartments should be profitable if I can fund it all with the money I have.”
“Really? But it’ll take a long time to earn all that money back, right?”
“With Antinium labor? Not that much. Besides, I can charge a fair price.”
“But I thought the rent was low.”
Selys smiled smugly.
“It is. Which the other [Landowners] are not happy about, and these new homes will drive prices down further. Well, that’s their problem. I’ll ask Krshia and Elirr and Raekea to do something about the rent pricing when the first buildings go up, though. Lism and the others on the Council will probably agree and if they don’t, they can get the other two Councilmembers to back them.”
