Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 11
“As you desire such things, [Carver] Inaceran, they shall be provided. Your mansion made of aught but wood I shall provide, or have my [Architects] construct. There is precious little wood in Khelt grown wildly, but the Forest of Nemask I shall allow you to use, and plant a grove of no less than four thousand trees to begin with. More, should the need arise.”
“And…you do not require me to make you anything?”
The voice was suspicious. Highly so. Fetohep suppressed his impatience.
“Only to teach those who ask you. Four apprentices per year.”
“Which you will pay me four thousand gold pieces to do, in addition to everything else.”
Patent incredulity. The nervous half-Elf woman stared at the ruler of Khelt. Fetohep knew it was unsettling for someone from Terandria. He wished she were of the Claiven Earth—the half-Elves of Chandrar to the north. If she was, she would know he was serious.
Actually, that wasn’t a half-bad idea.
“Inquire of your kin of the Claiven Earth, [Carver] Inaceren. They will reassure you if you doubt my sincerity. There are two hundred half-Elves living in my domain. If you will it, you may speak with them.”
“I would never…doubt your words, your Majesty.”
The woman hesitated. Fetohep graciously ignored the lie, and the woman seemed more reassured as he arranged a meeting with one of his other half-Elven subjects. He cut the [Scrying] spell.
Headhunting. Fetohep reflected that if the [Master Carver] came here, he would have to create an entire forest and have the undead servants water it and perhaps even dig an aquifer and replenish it regularly. Let alone build her a home for her family. The money was no object, really.
But he would do it. Because half-Elves lived for a long time and were thus an investment. Also because Khelt needed experts.
The people of Khelt sometimes became masters of their own. But seldom. Most flitted from new thing to new thing. Great warriors, great crafters—they had few of. But Fetohep enticed experts from around the world to come here. They were the rare immigrants who earned a place in Khelt that they might inspire and teach other generations.
“When my time comes, will I find my successor?”
Fetohep mused. It was one of the few fears he had. When his time came, and it might be soon, he would have a century, perhaps more, to find his successor. He, like the rulers before him, would scour the nation to find one of Khelt with the will to replace him.
Not the classes. Not the levels—although that was generally a requirement. Since Fetohep was a Revenant, rarest of the undead, who kept his Skills in life as well as his will.
Other nations abhorred him because such undead could become the most dangerous monsters in existence. But Fetohep was not murderous—save when he was angered. He had been spared the undead’s drive to destroy because of Khelt’s sacred, secret rituals.
Six hundred years ago, he had been made Khelt’s King by their former ruler. As he thought of her, Fetohep’s golden gaze dimmed.
“Glorious Queen Xierca.”
He stood in her shadow still. She had searched for nigh on two hundred years, fading, her body giving out despite her best efforts. She had ruled for thirteen hundred years.
“She brought me broken and fading, from a far-flung battlefield. She left my comrades behind and wept as she told me my fate. She apologized for failing to save them. To me. ‘For it is a terrible burden to face alone.’”
The ruler sat on his throne and recalled her face. Ah, yes.
