Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 10
“Allotment? Slow down. So Paeth isn’t a village? I didn’t think seven hundred thousand fit a village, but aren’t they called…?”
“Nope! It’s a city. Villages are just what we call it to fool big people. Hoi there! Tallguards of Feiland, coming in!”
The entrance to Paeth wasn’t guarded by Ekrn or Noa’s forces. Rather, it was Paeth’s internal security, which mystified Luan until he realized they called themselves Tallguard of Feiland.
“We don’t belong to Paeth. We’re Tallguard. No allegiance but to guarding against animals and so on. A few of us do duty inside—they call us in if there’s some kind of incident. Killers. Monsters or something inside. Easy work.”
“Really?”
Ekrn snorted.
“Oh yes. We have crazies, just like you Tallfolk, I imagine. The worst was a [Serial Killer]. Sixteen dead…they called me in to get him and once I tracked him down, it wasn’t exactly hard. Fraerlings, the Inners, aren’t fighters. Most never pick up a sword. I imagine its foreign to you.”
“Er…no. Sounds like home.”
“Huh. I heard Tallfolk saw monsters with some regularity. Big city dweller?”
“Oh yes. Not this crowded. Not one tree, but it’s fairly big.”
“How many people?”
They were waiting in front of huge, metal doors. In fact, a series of them and a checkpoint. It was rare for anyone to go in and out, and Luan saw, briefly, multiple defensive checkpoints.
“Only a few million people.”
Ekrn snorted incredulously.
“What? You must be from a capital. Or one of the Walled Cities. Which continent? I don’t know names aside from the old history books.”
“Um…Terandria.”
Noa and Ekrn both stared at the eye in the jar as it swiveled around.
“Nice lie. You don’t have a face and my niece still tells better ones.”
Luan just sighed. There was so much to say and not say, and it was all happening so fast. His heart was beating—he could still feel it—rapidly.
This was magic.
They halted in the checkpoint.
“Hold on! Identification! Wait for the [Appraisal]!”
“Wonderful. They know who we are. Looks like the Architects are mad I walked all over their fancy carpets.”
Ekrn grumbled. Luan felt a tingling, and then there was a shout.
“[Sentry Leader] confirmed. [Sentry] confirmed—identities match up with given names! Tallguard of Feiland!”
Luan was fascinated to see the [Security Personnel] at these checkpoints were completely differently adorned compared to the Tallguard. They wore, well, modern-looking gear, at least to the Earther. The ones in the outer checkpoints had carried weapons like the Tallguard, but these ones held batons at their side; no armor, but lighter stuff, more like a policeman’s outfit than anything.
“Are those batons at their side? Not weapons?”
“I told you. Inners don’t have monsters. No wild animals…those are Paratons.”
“What do they do?”
Luan fixed on them. He saw what looked like a delicate rune etched into each one, glowing yellow. Ekrn bared his teeth, and the [Security] eyed him nervously.
“Paralysis spell. Paralysis baton. Sorry, forgot you wouldn’t know. They hit you, you go limp and numb. Imagine fighting a cat with that.”
“Don’t be mean, boss! They helped fight off the ants!”
“Yeah, I guess. We had an ant army come at us. Steel-eating bastards. They sensed the magic—I told them we were over allotment! Human, have you ever seen animals up to your stomach with armor and teeth that can chew a leg clean off in seconds coming at you by the thousand?”
Luan shuddered as he thought about it, but he wasn’t willing to let Ekrn walk all over him.
“I don’t know about the size, but I did just escape a bunch of piranhas. Sound familiar?”
