Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 12
Ser Sest, Ushar, and Lormel appeared behind the group, the slowest to arrive. They took one look at the bloody room, the dead body. Ser Sest nodded.
“Ah. They’ve discovered the body.”
“Well done, Ser Sest. This must be a record.”
Lormel went to shake Sest’s hand. Every head turned slowly as the Thronebearer adjusted his mustache.
“Yes, well. I say, is that a calling card? I do love collecting them.”
He strode over and picked up the token, a kind of curved wing. He tucked it away and Ushar scolded him.
“We have to analyze which [Assassin] it was, Sest.”
“Excuse me. Lyonette is dead!”
Mirn shouted. The Thronebearers turned to him, looking amused. Ratici and Wilovan were turning, realizing something—
A door opened. Mirn saw a familiar young woman poke her head out. Lyonette stared, still angry, and now confused, at the gathered people. Mirn’s jaw dropped as Dalimont heaved a sigh.
“Excuse me, Your Highness. I believe your [Knights] are securing the mansion.”
He closed the door as Mirn’s jaw clicked shut. Dame Ushar studied the dead…body…
“Does anyone have a spare preservation charm? I need a bit more pig’s blood.”
“We could use beetroot juice. It washes easier.”
“Ser Lormel, please. Blood is not that easy to replicate. Excuse me, Mister Mirn? We need to preserve the moment.”
Dame Ushar carefully covered Mirn’s footprints with a fresh splattering of blood. She stepped back, nodded, and closed the door. Then she adjusted something on the front.
Lyonette’s Room.
The sign was a bit askew. The Thronebearer dusted her hands.
“We need a new window, Lormel.”
“I will ask the help to look into it.”
“What is going on?”
Mirn burst out at last. The Thronebearers gave him an odd look. Sest explained after a moment.
“Why, security of course, Mister Mirn. This is just the first step. I’ve taken the liberty of placing wards on all the windows, and I suspect the roof isn’t fully secured yet, Ushar, Lormel. Also, we have at least four pairs of eyes. I noticed three of Reinhart’s staff.”
“Fitting. I suppose they’ll deal with other surveillance.”
The three Thronebearers trooped downstairs. They stood around the table as Lormel consulted their notes. This time, their audience followed and looked again.
“This is by way of being the pre-murdered-quarry feint. A classic in Calanfer, and I am delighted it worked here. I apologize for the ruse, but it is always most convincing the first time.”
“The dead body?”
“Pig’s meat. I bought some blood and meat from a [Butcher]’s. We do have to hang a charm up to make sure it won’t smell or rot, but that room is effectively occupied. Some [Assassins] break in, see the dead body, and leave. Not that you intend to let them onto the premises, you understand? But it is amazing how often they check the signs on the doors.”
Ushar smiled. Sest rolled his eyes.
“We only let in that one so she would cast further bounties into doubt, Ushar. Let’s not imply that we make a habit of letting killers near Their Highnesses. Now, I’m nearly done setting up the sound wards, Lormel. What’s the situation politically?”
Ser Lormel adjusted his hair with a comb.
“In a word? Tricky. We’re clearly married to the Wall Lord Ilvriss, aha, that is to say, both as allies of convenience and perception-wise. I should wait on Her Highness’ word, but I have already had nearly eight invitations from concerned parties wishing to meet with one of us, personally.”
“Very good. Perhaps I should visit them?”
“Polish your armor first, Ser Sest. I actually have written invitations as well. How many, Ushar?”
She counted.
“Sixteen.”
