Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 20
“Send a group to kill it.”
The words were out of the Chieftain’s mouth and the [Shaman] nodding even before he had spoken. Of course. One could not allow such evil Gnolls to live. City Gnolls had surely ignored the warnings. But doom would fall upon them time and time again.
And the Plain’s Eye tribe knew their history.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice then, sat in the Garden of Sanctuary with Krshia, Lyonette, and Mrsha. Others were listening in of course. A Hobgoblin sat in a tree. Apista was buzzing around, collecting nectar for her honey.
“It’s dangerous, isn’t it? Especially for Mrsha?”
“That…may be so.”
“Then she isn’t going.”
Krshia looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] possessively held Mrsha tight.
“We’ve talked about this, Krshia. Doom—white Gnolls—are targeted by other tribes just for the color of their fur! Mrsha wouldn’t be safe!”
“My tribe would protect her. And I would place her under the protection of the Meeting of Tribes. Many would not like it. But powerful tribes would not see a child killed for the color of her fur.”
“But other tribes would want to.”
Krshia sipped from her teacup. She looked…prepared for this argument. She glanced at Mrsha as the Gnoll rooted around in the grass—she was checking for bugs. People might be infecting her perfect sanctuary with their stupid bug-eggs on their boots or something! But she was only doing that so she could pretend not to listen fully…
While listening fully. Mrsha dug at some grass as she listened.
“We need Mrsha, Erin, Lyonette. For two reasons. Because she has magic—”
“She’s not the only one. Take Ferkr! Everyone was talking about how Mrsha was the only Gnoll to become a [Mage]—well, Ferkr managed it! Sort of makes it less amazing, right?”
Erin pointed out. Krshia grumbled in the back of her throat.
“—That was unexpected. Unprecedented. It does take away from the discovery, but it just adds to the worth of what we will bring. Erin, Lyonette, we have done much for you two. I would ask you to think of that—”
“And I blew up your shop. But Ryoka brought the spellbook which exceeds the damage I did. Don’t play the debt-game, Krshia. Erin helped kill the Raskghar for you. She’s saved Liscor multiple times over!”
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper]-[Councilwoman] nodded slowly.
“That is so. However—there is another reason for Mrsha to attend the Meeting of Tribes.”
“Which is?”
“To prove she does not deserve to die. Nor her kind. I would like to put her before the other tribes and argue that Doombringers are not…Doombringers. That they should not be killed or exiled! And I would like you to come, Erin Solstice, to see if other tribes know of why you arrived.”
Erin’s eyes flickered. That conversation seemed like an age ago. When she was still searching for an Archmage to take her home.
“A lot’s changed, Krshia. I’m on Lyonette’s side here. I don’t want Mrsha in harm’s way.”
“As opposed to here?”
The Gnoll’s eyebrows rose politely. Erin shifted in her seat. Lyonette just glared.
“The [Garden of Sanctuary] is here. Not at the Meeting of Tribes.”
“I have several safeguards in mind. Before you bite me, Lyonette, hear me out. I do not propose you trust to Silverfang’s watchfulness alone. Firstly—I suggest this. When I leave for the Meeting of Tribes, I will leave here with Tkrn, some Gnolls of the Silverfang tribe…and no Mrsha.”
Erin blinked, caught off-guard by this. Krshia went on.
