Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 19
He would hear people, not Antinium, talking about the losses. Or Tersk and Dekass conferring. For a while, Crusader 51 would walk about, eat, sleep, listen…poke little bugs as they crawled past him.
But, inevitably, he would have the nightmare again.
Crusader 51 knew they weren’t really dreams. It was a way of thinking about battle so the world could be understood. He didn’t know how the rest of Squad 5, Battalion 1 thought of it.
He had a squad again. He was still Squad 5, Battalion 1, Acid Jars. Crusader 51 was still in the war. However, the Antinium who came into the army, into his squad, kept changing.
That was because they kept dying.
It was luck. If you were lucky, you didn’t fight at all. You just marched, shield up, following Tersk or Dekass’ orders or Commander Olesm’s, and you weren’t ever rotated into the front. Or you shot arrows and never met the enemy.
But if you were unlucky…they came for you. The Gnoll with the spear. [Mages] casting spells you couldn’t block. Archers.
Antinium would die, regardless. The question was…was it your turn this battle? They would die, and Tersk and Dekass would walk down the ranks. That was when Crusader 51 saw the Antinium he recognized and those who were new.
And the gaps.
“Squad 4…six casualties. Squad 5! Two. Squad 6!”
That, too, was part of the dream. But the dream…Crusader 51 didn’t like remembering them. He tried not to; let it slip away. If he thought hard…he remembered slitting a Drake’s throat.
Running a Gnoll through from behind. 
Watching someone kill Crusader 50 again.
Waking was better. The waking world was not glorious or fun or beautiful. The sky had begun to lose its meaning to Crusader 51. But he had…food. A reprieve from battle.
And Crusader 53. Even some of the other Antinium he recognized. Not necessarily Squad 5.
Crusader 51 had met multiple replacements for Squad 5. The first time, he had fist-bumped every Soldier’s fist once. All eight of them, they had worn patched up armor, and he’d promised that they would never all die again.
The second time, he’d fist-bumped them all again. And the third.
By the fourth round of reinforcements…Crusader 51 still fist-bumped the new Soldiers, but didn’t sit with them or show them how to adjust their packs. Crusader 53 and some of the Soldiers who’d survived a few battles did.
However, there was one member of Squad 5 who didn’t receive a fist-bump from Crusader 51. Not because Crusader 51 hated that particular member. Their designation was Crusader 57; they wore the same patched-up armor, but that didn’t matter. What mattered was the weapon they carried.
It was cursed.
Crusader 51 realized it was a curse. Each Antinium marched around with it on their shoulder, propped up because there was no holster or sheath big enough; they had to carry it much like a pike.
It hadn’t been in Squad 5’s first inception. However, in the reorganization of the [Crusaders], Tersk and Dekass had passed out weapons and messed with the unity of each squad. So this weapon had appeared, and its curse meant that no Antinium who carried it into battle came back. The longest Crusader 51 ever saw was two battles.
The cursed weapon of each Crusader 57 was a giant sword. Not wide, but long. It was called a ‘zweihander’. Crusader 51 had no idea where the name came from or who invented it, but it was a long greatsword. A five-foot-long blade meant for the biggest warriors to strike and attack with all their strength.
