Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 14
The thing about borrowing was that eventually you had to return the favor. Eldavin had no intention of giving Viltach a quarter of the gold the ingredients were worth, and nor did he wish to trade in any way. Which was why the Dragon happily spoke before the Archmage could shut the door fully.
“I notice you use a suspension-style construction for your wands, Archmage Viltach. Magic gemstones in charged magicore? Very nice sealing spells too. Quite lovely.”
For a Bronze-rank adventurer. Yet Viltach hesitated long enough to eye Eldavin suspiciously.
“Thank you, Grand Magus, but nevertheless, I’m sure you can appreciate how much Magicore it takes. Which I can’t spare just yet—maybe in a month. My wands are considered effective though, thank you for noticing.”
“Cheap, certainly.”
Viltach’s face went slack. Eldavin pressed on, a big smile on his face.
“Have you considered—purely speculating here, your research may have excluded this, or you just don’t care to make them—multi-gem core wands?”
The Archmage’s eyes flickered. He smiled, and didn’t shut the door—but neither did he rush Eldavin into his apartments.
“Grand Magus, of course I’ve thought about it. But it’s quite impossible to do simply.”
The half-Elf’s brows politely rose.
“I think an Archmage of your level could certainly manage it. Don’t let yourself down so easily, Archmage Viltach.”
Another moment of hesitation as Viltach tried to work out if that was…
“I’ve never seen it done outside of an extremely high-level joining spell. Multiple elements, Grand Magus Eldavin? Assuming you’re implying it would be in suspended magicore—how would two cores even co-exist, or if I managed that, allow for a [Mage] to draw on two elements at once rather than a mess of fighting elements?”
There it was. Eldavin pounced, as the cat to the proverbial mouse, or Wyvern to terrified Corusdeer.
“Conflicting elements—that is a problem. However—if we look to nature—slimes manage it, don’t they? The high-level ones, at least. You know, the good old Shockflame Slimes? That sort of thing?”
Viltach blinked. His grip loosened and the door opened wider.
“Slimes? Of course…you’re suggesting their inner mechanisms, some kind of spell—no. Just their inner core must have some kind of inherent conflict-resolver that—”
“Fascinating things, aren’t they? Wonderful to study.”
At this point Eldavin’s brows were dancing around on his head like a pair of drunk worms. However, even that wasn’t enough to let himself in.
“Thank you for the tip, Grand Magus. I will look into this. Hopefully it will bear fruit.”
The Archmage bowed quite politely to Eldavin. He waited. The half-Elf smiled.
“Well, I will confess, it was in lieu of this thought that I sought you out, Archmage Viltach. I know it might be presumptuous—but I happen to have a Shockflame Slime just er, sitting in my room. You know how they breed. I was hoping we could perhaps swap a few amiable goods?”
“A Shockflame Slime. You have one in your rooms? As one…does?”
Viltach’s voice had gone flat. Eldavin waved a hand around, contriving to hint at a bit of annoyance.
“They just pop up, you know how it is. I’d be happy to lend it to you indefinitely. I ah, captured it a long while ago. Quite fortuitously…although it would have been a stroke of luck to get a three-elemental slime. Yet those are even rarer. Hard to find ones able to take the strain. This was quite a catch though, and reluctant as I am to part with it…”
Viltach’s eyes widened. He began nodding and opened the door wide. Eldavin beamed.
