Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 1
His slightly superior friend and comrade might understand that. But if he told her that he found the look of ivory shaped just so—attractive? That he called the true creation of undead, proper undead, art? As beauteous as any horse or painting she admired?
What would she say then? Either she would be horrified, disgusted, attributing him the same qualities as some fetishist who slept in graveyards, or she would simply not understand. So he lied. It was simplest that way.
Ah—Pisces felt a jerk as he stumbled and nearly fell, caught himself, and for a second, dragged on the thin length of rope running through the manacles on his hands. It was looped around the steel shackles, impossible for him to free himself.
The tug ran down the entire line of people. Pisces heard a groan of annoyance, someone slow and stumble themselves—he caught himself. Then stared down at the manacles.
The manacles were themselves the same kind he’d had on now and then. Steel or iron or even wood; designed to make grabbing a sword or weapon harder, if not impossible, and obviously make it harder for a would-be criminal to flee. These were steel and cloth, ironically enough. Someone had made two bracers of metal, chained them rather generously with some metal, and then, oddly enough, added a cloth padding to the interior.
The odd part was the length of the chain. Pisces could, with a bit of difficulty, scratch his chin, even touch his toes when not looped into the rope procession. And padding? He had never seen this kind of restraint.
Perhaps because these manacles are not meant to be taken off so easily. He had not worn them for a few hours while being marched to a jail cell and interrogated, or even a day. He had worn them since he had woken up in dry Chandrar, enslaved and this procession of…he looked at the other figures ahead and behind him, also connected to the same length of rope.
The slave caravan all wore manacles like his; they would not be taken off, hence the additions for ease of use and comfort. It made them able to do basic tasks, and while it was more dangerous to a captor, their collars were the true prison.
He felt the collar’s cold metal around his neck. This one had no padding; some of the other [Slaves] had something like that, even vanity decorations. His collar was silver and mithril, harder than steel.
Enchanted. He could feel it blocking his natural flow of mana. With it on, he had as much chance of casting magic as the sweaty man he’d nearly dragged down in front of him, whose sweaty neck flaps Pisces had been dully watching for the last three hours.
He didn’t even have chains around his feet. That was the insulting thing. As impairing as the manacles on his wrists might be, Pisces had once been trained by one of Terandria’s recognized [Fencers]. Give him a blade—any blade—and he might have dared to fight the four-dozen some mounted captors riding in bored formation around the procession on the road. If he had a chance to escape, if it were possible to get them one or three-on-one at most…
But no. Pisces shook his head and kept moving, knowing to slow would have the person behind run into him. The collar was all they needed. With it, he could never hide from their magic. With it—they could also kill him if he grew too dangerous.
Pisces had woken up in one of the wagons loaded with goods, [Slaves] too weak to walk, even some of the slumbering [Guards] who traded off. Even this caravan needed a bit more than could easily be carried in bags of holding, and the wagons were useful for people like Pisces.
