Interlude – Relationships
Page 29
The half-Elf glanced off into the distance where people were already shouting and Erin’s distant screams of ‘left, left’ were coming from. She grinned.
“—She’s got to go. Her first guest is waiting for her, and it’s been so long since they met.”
That was true. Suddenly, everyone wanted to go and see what was happening. The carriages and the wagons began starting forwards as Garia just began jogging, dragging Numbtongue past the [Guards] and the people. Pisces, though, refused to walk when he could let the skeletal horses pull the wagon.
He spluttered as they entered Invrisil, and Lyonette eyed the crowds and then the Horns, who waved at the people demanding autographs. The Halfseekers seemed pleased with the attention, and no doubt the Silver Swords, catching up after Dawil had marched north with some of his people, wouldn’t mind the autograph demands and mild cheering.
But Lyonette did. The [Princess] thought of Eternal Calanfer, so flawed, but so good at one thing. She looked around, and Ser Sest and the other Thronebearers straightened to attention. She crooked a finger as she spotted a Player of Celum in the crowds.
As for Pisces? He was spluttering as a few hooded figures watched him from afar and wondered how they’d meet with him ‘in private’ later. The [Necromancer] was outraged.
“First guest? First guest, Springwalker? If it refreshes your ailing memory, I remind you that I was Erin’s first true guest.”
The half-Elf laughed in his face.
“No you weren’t. That’s Relc and Klbkch if you want to get technical.”
“I was her first…paying guest.”
“No you weren’t. Relc and Klbkch paid for their food. You didn’t. You were her first criminal. You tried to extort her. No, wait, you were her first charity case.”
Mrsha punched Pisces’ leg as he turned red and spluttered. Yes, Mr. Third Guest! Beat it, bub! And Nanette sat amongst the adventurers as Nerry let Ksmvr scratch her head and comb her fur, and she wondered what this fabled inn looked like.
 
——
 
Goblins. It almost felt old and nostalgic to hear the call from the walls and the word spread through the city. Oh, the newcomers panicked a bit, but the real Liscorian citizens just looked up.
“Goblins! Goblins are at the gates!”
A panicking young woman ran into a square as a Drake looked up from watering some bushes she’d planted. Raspberries, fruitful.
“Goblins? Not Crelers? How many Goblins?”
“A hundred, some on Wyverns?”
The Drake [Gardener] thought about this.
“Do you have any moths? Undead? Is the [Innkeeper] back?”
The young woman looked at her and hesitated.
“N-no. I don’t think so. Why?”
“I just don’t see the reason to make all that fuss. Now, if it were a thousand Goblins. Or Hectval. Or an Archmage, maybe it’s worth screaming my eardrums out. Or maybe you could hold this basket while I gather my raspberries.”
Then the unfortunate young woman was holding a basket while the Drake, fearless of the thorns with her scaled claws, plucked raspberries.
The crazy thing was that it was only slightly bravado. Most of the Liscorians were headed to the western gates because they loved a good gawk, but they were doing it in an unafraid way. After all, Celum, Invrisil, and those Pallassians had to see how a citizen of Liscor handled adversity. They had a reputation they now needed to maintain.
But—Goblins. The word swept through the city, because it was not that [Bard] who played a pretty good tune or the Cave Goblins.
