Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 18
“Uh oh.”
Peki alighted and stood behind Merrik. The Dwarf pushed his helmet up.
“Er, sorry about that, Captain Lasc.”
“Captain, Kallinad will repay you for the damages.”
Wil looked at the furious [Captain] and waved his hands at Peki. She waved her wings back, looking only slightly apologetic. Lasc calmed down, but only slightly.
“No fighting on my deck, sir. Miss. I’ve no objection to training with arms, but not of that sort!”
“But that’s the only way we know how to fight! Mind you, I am sorry. Peki—she doesn’t hold back. Good on you that the deck’s secure—I saw her kick straight through the roof of a house and into the ground floor with that trick, once.”
The [Storm Captain] glared, but then, surprisingly, relented.
“Well, it’s just a bit of damage. But The Emerald Signet’s hull isn’t made from ironwood! Or enchanted, beyond a few basics on the hull! But I’ve seen Miss Peki fight.”
“Really? Where?”
Merrik pushed up his helmet even further. It was First Mate Delivan who replied with a grin.
“Daquin, of course! We saw the entire thing! You’re not the only one with scrying orbs. And it was good to see someone kick the Iron Vanguard in the teeth! Bastards rule Baleros’ waters with a fist like…iron!”
The other [Sailors] laughed. Bemused, the students realized they were known. And—the ice broken, even Captain Lasc acknowledged having seen Peki and Merrik in action.
“It was part of the reason we took this charter. Seeing Lord Kallinad duel with Tulm the Mithril, well, we hoped this would be a similar story. But it’s good enough to see. And if you can split the deck with a single kick—”
“Stay away from the fucking boom!”
A voice among the [Sailors]. Inky. The others laughed. Peki looked actually embarrassed and hid her face behind a wing. The [Martial Artist] could weather near-drowning, boredom, and Merrik better than embarrassment.
“Well, if I avoid striking the deck and Peki avoids hitting me from above, we’d have no problems. And sparring’s not a bad idea. Helps with the rejection.”
Merrik gave Feshi a mock-heartbroken look. The Gnoll laughed.
“He’s still trying. Does he have a chance?”
Wil whispered to Yerra. The Selphid grinned as she slung an arm around his shoulders.
“Wil, my boy, there’s always a chance. Especially with Dwarves. Stubborn, like that.”
Across the deck, some of the other crew of The Emerald Signet were taking advantage of the conversation about Daquin to test Merrik and Peki, minor celebrities. It was Delivan who spoke while casually patting his side. He had a sword and a miniature crossbow at his sides.
“You know, [Storm Sailors] fight as well as any landfolk in their armies. We’re the vanguard of the sea, but we don’t truck with shields or armor. Can’t swim if you get tossed. And a moving ship’s not as easy to fight on as dry ground. Mind if I give your armor a try, Mister Merrik?”
The other [Sailors] laughed and cheered. The Dwarf and Peki looked around at the challenge.
“I never turn down the chance to learn.”
Merrik grinned beneath his helmet. But it was Captain Lasc himself who stepped between Delivan and the Dwarf.
“If it’s a challenge, I’ll be the first to take it on. After all—a [Storm Captain] shouldn’t fall behind a student. Even the Titan of Baleros’s students.”
The gathered crowd fell silent for a moment. Then there was a low murmur. The [Sailors] looked at Lasc. And they were…expectant as they glanced at Merrik and Peki. Appraising.
