Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 51
A hand. The hand was normal. Pale from lack of light. Yet the fingers had grown, and grown, and stretched until they had no limits. No bone. Searching a tiny space for just a crack, just a hint of—
The face came next. The body. Pisces looked at a pair of huge eyes. Hair as long as the fingers, twined around a body pallid and naked.
Yet the woman had no mouth. No chest, no throat. That entire region was…gone. Connected only by a bit of flesh she dragged the rest of her body around by. As if she had screamed so much she had torn away everything that could do so.
She looked up, huge, wide eyes focusing. Emir Riqre breathed.
“The captives have gotten out.”
His [Guards] and servants looked up. The first of the horrors crawled forwards—into a ball of fire. Riqre had pointed a ring and unleashed a jet of white-hot flames.
The horror did not scream. It—she—could not. It began to burn, but it was reaching for Riqre.
“Guard the Emir!”
The horrified [Guards] rushed forwards, drawing blades, hacking at the nightmares. They hacked at the dozens of fingers, reaching and twining around them. It took them minutes to kill the thing, even on fire, even under attack from all sides.
Panting, the gore-drenched [Guards] looked up. Emir Riqre turned.
“Your servant has unleashed one of my captives! You fool!”
“Who? What…. Eloque…?”
Igheriz’s eyes widened as he looked around for his captive. Emir Riqre turned. He—hesitated. Then he smiled wide.
“Ah. Not one, was it? I always wondered if they were changing. But I couldn’t control them. Now I get to see.”
He began to chuckle, then laugh. His [Guards] looked towards the doorway. They saw eyes, figures moving as more screams echoed within the keep.
More were coming. Many more. Riqre turned, almost joyfully.
“There you are. Wait. Wait, just a moment.”
“We have to leave. Emir—”
The [Head Guard] began to panic. Even Tenir was unable to hide what was happening. But the Emir ignored him. The others shouted, overturned tables, and his servants flocked around Riqre, to defend him, Pisces realized. He was already looking for Igheriz. Cawe, Astotha, Hrome and their people—all were running.
But Riqre’s people were almost as mad as he was. They were setting up to fight; this was their place. The Emir ignored everyone as the second horror burst into the room and was cut down. He finally found what he wanted. He strode forwards, beaming, as from every corner and door, his captives returned to end their tormentors once and for all.
The last thing Pisces saw was the Emir striding forwards, holding up a stone.
“Tell me one more time: do you love me?”
His laughter followed Pisces as he ran. Emir Riqre’s keep exploded into death and violence. An end to it. No salvation. Just everything he had created.
 
—-
 
Pisces ran. He had picked up no blade; there was no time, only the need to escape. Igheriz and Hrome fought, with their [Guards].
“To the stables! The cells! Grab everything and run, run!”
The horrors were in the corridors, killing even the two caravans. They paid less attention to the others, but anyone in their path still died. Pisces saw a bundle of eyes moving, shuffling his way—until Igheriz stabbed it. The eyes fell—reformed again. It jumped at Igheriz and the man screamed, slashing uselessly; each eye was made of blood, and there were no organs or body to kill—
Azam smashed the horror into a wall. The Djinni was roaring, his indignities forgotten. Even now, he was bound to protect.
“Run! They will drown this place in death for what has been done! Run!”
