Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 8
“It’s small compared to what’s being bet, Orjin. Fetohep of Khelt—he’s one of the spectators, likes to bet—usually bets thousands of gold pieces. And that condensation stone? That’s how we afforded it. Well, he likes this idea.”
“Betting. So they want to watch the others fight and see who wins?”
“Yup. It’s exciting. Don’t you think it makes sense, Orjin? For instance, Uerca has a 2.3 advantage to win this fight, so bets on him are worth less…there’s a better system, but it’s what we came up with. And the chance of it all makes things fun!”
The Strongest of Pomle shrugged. He glanced at the whirl of the Garuda’s staff-spear as he attacked Octilla’s legs, trying to slow her down so he could lead her on a slow retreat across the cage, attacking with his superior reach.
“I don’t understand it. Two point three odds on Ureca? He’ll probably lose. Octilla is going to break his staff.”
The Strongest’s voice was a bit too loud. Raul winced as the scrying orb lit up. And Ureca hesitated—Octilla leapt in.
“[Sundering Palm]!”
Crack. Orjin nodded as the Garuda went stumbling backwards and Octilla swarmed him with punches. Salii covered her face with her clipboard.
“Orjin. That’s called interfering with the fight. And yes—it’s imbalanced sometimes. The viewers who know fighting have made a lot of money over the ones who don’t. It’s—why don’t we leave before we interrupt the next match?”
 
—-
 
It explained why the warriors of Pomle were annoyed. Betting on matches? Fighting for money? It went against what [Martial Artists] were here for. They confronted Orjin as he left the underground arena and Salii hurried off to ‘refund the betters due to interference’ or something.
“You see, Strongest? What she’s doing?”
“I see, Irre. But I do not see your objection.”
Orjin had thought about it on the way back up. The Centaur looked aghast.
“But Strongest! Fighting for money? Making this a sport? How is that acceptable? Pomle’s spirit is to train, not to be…exhibitionists.”
The other warriors murmured agreement. But they listened as Orjin spoke. The Strongest of Pomle indicated the arena. It was a sloping tunnel leading down, barely more than a hole in the ground at this point. Given how sandstorms sometimes hit the oasis, it made more sense than a structure. But Salii had said the building would come in time…
“When you called for me, Irre, you did not talk about the arena. You said that Salii was making Pomle money. Do you object to that? Answer me before I speak of the arena.”
The warrior hesitated.
“I do, Strongest. Money is not something that Pomle needs. Salii is making it using—tricks. She charges the newcomers money for land that anyone can take. She gives it to [Merchants], somehow makes it grow with numbers. How is that right?”
Orjin shook his head.
“She is good at her job. Salii uses numbers like we use our bodies, Irre. If she makes money, does it hurt you?”
“She has changed the oasis.”
“I saw. More water for all. Without it, the oasis would run out. Is this wrong?”
“More water means less effort for some, Strongest.”
Another [Martial Artist] spoke up. Orjin nodded.
“This is true. But it does not affect you. Drink less water.”
A ripple of humor through the crowd. A few nodded and walked off. But the rest waited. Irre pointed at the arena.
“What about fighting for coin?”
“[Mercenaries] do it. They are welcome in Pomle. Isn’t that right, Xil?”
The Garuda [Spearmaster] had alighted on a palm, overhead. He grinned.
“True. What is gold to us? Gold is gold. It matters if it affects you.”
