Interlude – Krshia
Page 16
“Of course we did. We used a scroll to produce magical resonance and this was the highest—the highest!—that we had ever seen. But without a [Mage] we could not tell all of what the book contained. We had to simply but trust what Ryoka said was true until it could be studied by a [Shaman].”
“Or a Gnoll [Mage]. A new class of students.”
Elirr bared his teeth in a grin and Krshia nodded. She stared down at the tome, the massive spellbook which, according to Ryoka, contained hundreds or possibly thousands of lower-Tier spells.
“It is our great gift to the tribes. A book which all many learn from, which we may train [Mages] of our own from. And now we know. We know Gnolls can learn from it! They can be [Mages].”
She sighed and heard the same sound from Elirr. Relief, exhilaration, hope, all bubbled through Krshia at once. Then she saw Elirr sit up.
“I wish that Ryoka Griffin were still here. We know this book is valuable beyond belief, but how much so? Is it a treasure worthy of a Walled City? Or a national treasure? Or…?”
He trailed off and looked helplessly at Krshia.
“Is it possible to appraise the book further? Beyond what a scroll can tell, I mean. If you showed it to one of the [Mages] staying at the inn Mrsha stays at—”
Instantly Krshia shook her head. She placed a paw over the cover of the spellbook.
“If I showed this to anyone, Pisces, Ceria, Falene…even one as good and gentle as Moore, I think they would steal it and run, yes? If it is half as valuable as Ryoka claimed they would all murder for it. And if a place like Wistram were to know if it—they would do all they could to retrieve such an artifact. You know the stories.”
“I do. And that is wise. Forgive me for the foolish suggestion.”
Elirr inclined his head. The two Gnolls stared at the book, and then looked at Mrsha. The Gnoll was licking her lips.
“And yet, Elirr, by accident, a child has learned magic. A child. And not only did she save our people from the Raskghar, but she did what no Gnoll of the tribes has done for sixty years. Become a [Mage]. You are a [Mage], are you not, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll cub looked up. She hesitated, then nodded. Krshia exhaled. Elirr glanced down at Mrsha.
“In that case—why not let her read the book, Krshia?”
“What?”
Krshia frowned and Mrsha looked up quickly. Elirr nodded, stroking the hair running from his chin with his paw.
“It is hardly as if it would hurt her to read more. And she is gifted. Why not give her the chance to learn more spells? Or tell us what wonders this book contains?”
The [Shopkeeper] hesitated. But she saw Mrsha sitting up eagerly, and reluctantly nodded.
“Very well. But we watch her. I have opened this book before and it is a trial in some senses, Elirr. Not dangerous necessarily, but—Mrsha child, come here. If you are willing, let us open this book.”
Mrsha was willing. She leapt from her couch to Krshia’s side. The Gnoll woman gave her a reproving glance, but then let Mrsha open the tome. Elirr came over to see. All three Gnolls blinked as the book opened and magic, the very definition of magic, shimmered to life before their eyes.
A page blinked up at Krshia. Symbols seemed to slide together and merge, different colors, patterns reflecting in them, hidden meanings changing, offering multiple phrases each second. Krshia stared down at the spell—or at least, what she assumed to be a spell—for all of eight seconds. Then she got a headache.
“Dead gods!”
Elirr recoiled, rubbing at his eyes. Mrsha stared down at the page as both Krshia and Elirr had to look away. A pulsating pain ran from behind Krshia’s eyes.
