Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 59
He looked down at Pisces with the same gaze. Neither hostile nor sympathetic. Not even uncaring; he didn’t think of Pisces at all. Like dust. Their brief moment of survival at Riqre’s keep seemed long ago and forgotten; that had been a uniting nightmare. With Igheriz’s predictable evil, he had lost his interest.
Yet he still spoke.
“Tell me of the book, the spell tome, [Necromancer]. Did it come from the Putrid One’s very library, his personal possessions?”
Pisces looked up. Of all the questions…he tried to laugh, and felt a catch at his voice as he chuckled.
“You want to ask me about the book? Nothing of me, nothing of you?”
The Djinni strode along, speaking quietly.
“What purpose would those questions serve?”
“Getting to know each other, perhaps. One [Slave] to another?”
The Djinni’s pace slowed just a beat, and he looked down at Pisces with what might have been amusement.
“You compare yourself to me? The arrogance—”
“—of mortals? Friend Azam, I had hoped for a measure of ipseity from you, but to hear you utter the very stereotype of the immortal is somewhat disappointing.”
Pisces saw the expression on the Djinni’s face and chuckled. Well, perhaps he had a bit of vocabulary left for someone who might appreciate it.
Azam did not smile twice, but he did nod slowly.
“Clever, [Mage]. I have met many of your kind. Perhaps we could talk. What then?”
“We would get to know each other?”
“To what end? You and I will not know each other long, [Necromancer]. I will live far longer than you. I will meet more [Necromancers], more [Mages]. Countless more slaves. I barely remember all my kin I have met, and I strive to do that. We forget each other, and only remember the greatest of our kind…”
He paused, and went on, murmuring as he stared past Pisces.
“I will meet a hundred thousand, a hundred hundred hundred hundred thousand of you…I do not care to know your name. So. Tell me of what lingers in my mind. The spellbook, or we shall not converse.”
Pisces realized that was why Azam called him [Necromancer]. The Djinni saw his class. He whispered.
“Pisces. Pisces Jealnet.”
Azam paused. He looked at Pisces. Shook his head.
“It does not linger. I cannot make it. Truly. Do not wish for fleeting immortality, [Necromancer]. I do not even remember his name, save that he controls me. That is why that…poison…why that Emir had to die. What could he take? He alone of them all had to die.”
He flexed his hands. Pisces looked at him and remembered Riqre’s method of torturing Djinni.
“So he could take the few things which are immemorial to you.”
Azam nodded, once. His eyes turned to Pisces.
“It was well they slaughtered him. He found a way to hurt me when no torture or indignity could before. I do not know what he took.”
His fury was like molten rock beneath the skin; Pisces saw veins of it lacing across Azam’s chest and face until it vanished. Then the Djinni was silent.
“What do you fear to lose? Your memories of your kin? Happy moments?”
Pisces was purely curious. Azam hesitated, and his head swung north a moment.
“Good or bad. Ill or well. Do you not fear to lose a part of yourself, no matter what it is? Yes, though. Most importantly, [Necromancer], I fear to lose…hope. Even we Djinni hope. I feared I would have forgotten why I hoped. Then I truly would have been a slave.”
He stared into the sky, his eyes bleak. Pisces wondered what Azam could hope for. Perhaps it was only a dream. Riqre had threatened to take even that away.
Then Azam shook himself.
“Enough of this. My master lives, and I may be harmed. Talk less of that one, or him. Answer my questions.”
