Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 8
Students and teachers flooded out of the classrooms. Umina was blushing as Marian hugged her with glee. A month of waiting and it had all been another prank! He’d been so convincing, but—
Venaz was pounding Wil on the back with glee, ignoring the shouts of pain. Feshi was grinning as Peki and Merrik laughed at the entire spectacle of it. Jekilt, red-faced, was accepting congratulations from Kissilt, Yerranola, and Cameral for being the sacrifice. For five minutes, everyone was giddy on the victory.
And then the excitement faded a notch and the students all looked at each other. Cameral shook his head, raising it with both arms so everyone could see him.
“That was an unworthy prank. I truly thought the Professor was offended. And knowing him, he would have kept up the ruse. Do you think he intended to let us wait the entire summer break if Umina and Wil did not demand the right to a question?”
“Probably. He might have kept us waiting forever if we didn’t ask. But the guts to not just ask, but demand?”
Marian stamped her hooves, looking vexed and pleased. She looked at Umina. Still shaking with nervous energy, the Lizardgirl nodded.
“He does it every time. I still have nightmares about that test where every answer was in the same column!”
“Just absolutely out of his egg-headed mind. The worst teacher I’ve ever had that way. Even in Manus—”
Kissilt growled. He paused as the Lizardpeople around him stared at the Drake. Kelsa shook her head.
“Do you think he’s that bad to his opponents on the battlefield?”
Yerranola exhaled.
“Oh, believe me. We were on campaign with him and he did a trick with the drums—remember, Venaz?”
The Minotaur nodded.
“He can be even worse, I heard. Imagine trying to fight a war against him?”
All the students shuddered. They tried to imagine facing off against their teacher. And it might one day happen. They were students for now, but they were training themselves to take positions of authority on the battlefield. It was a sobering reminder of the future.
But for now—Wil looked around. His cheeks were red with relief. They had done it. The Titan would answer any question Wil and Umina had. Any one question in the world. The excitement, that knowledge, was dawning on the other students. Umina felt dozens of eyes on her and trembled.
Any question within the Titan’s power to answer. Anything. And she would ask it tonight. She and Wil. The young man looked around. And then he raised his voice.
“Let’s get a drink. First round’s on me!”
 
—-
 
Two tables had been pulled together in the bar for the students to sit together. It was a crowd even by the pub’s usual standard, and they were used to the students of Niers’ academy. But everyone was there to celebrate Umina and Wil getting to ask the question. All of their friends.
All of them. Jekilt and Marian, Centaurs, Yerranola the lone Selphid of the advanced class, Feshi the Gnoll who was sitting next to the grumpy Kissilt, a Drake with mild ice breath and pale white-purple scales, Venaz the Minotaur, Umina, two other Lizardfolk, Cameral and another Dullahan…and Foliana…
And now Merrik, Peki, Kelsa, Romin, and four more officers from their classes. They were one of the larger friend groups that had emerged from Daquin. Now Merrik raised his mug.
“A toast! To the Titan’s question!”
He downed his drink in one go as the others cheered. Venaz lowered his mug, looking put out that Merrik had beaten him to it. All the students drank and exhaled practically as one. They’d done it.
