Interlude – Two Rats
Page 35
Ceria snapped back. Raekea inhaled and Zevara bellowed.
“Enough!”
She looked around the prison. The Watch Captain shook her head.
“It’s late. I’ve heard this debate a thousand times. And I am not certain Calruz is guilty. Until that moment comes, magic or not, public opinion or not, Council or not, I will decide what to do with him. And in this cell he stays. Is that clear?”
She pointed at Lism and Krshia. Both glared in unison. And Calruz only sighed.
“I meant what I said. It would be easier for all to die, Watch Captain.”
He put one hand on the cell. And Erin looked at him. He stared back and shook his head.
“You’d like me to live? After all I’ve done?”
“That’s right. I guess. Hi, Calruz. Long time no see.”
She shoved her hands into her pockets. The Minotaur blinked at her. Then he shook his head.
“How can I make amends, Erin Solstice? For that depravity? For that horror? If I were to hunt down every Raskghar in existence, single-handily open the dungeon, donate a fortune and a half to those who I murdered—it would not be enough.”
Somewhere behind them, Relc sniggered as he pushed Tkrn into a cell.
“Single-handedly. Good one.”
Klbkch elbowed him hard. No one else laughed. Erin looked at Calruz. What a mess. What a day. Mrsha, the rats, people torturing Calruz—she looked at Krshia and Lism and shook her head.
“You’re right, Calruz. It isn’t enough. And it won’t be enough, no matter what you do. You—you nearly killed Mrsha. And you killed good people. I haven’t forgiven you.”
He nodded.
“In that case—”
“Shush.”
Erin closed her eyes. She waited, listening to the beating of her own heart. Then she opened her eyes and looked around. At the Gnolls. At her friends. At Lism, and Olesm and the others.
“Do you know what I’m going to tell Mrsha when I get back? I’m going to tell her she did a really good job. Really. I don’t care what you say. Any of you. She saw bad things happening to Calruz. And she stopped it. Because a Minotaur is like…a bunch of rats with their tails tied together.”
Calruz stared. His lips moved silently. Zevara, Lism, Olesm—all looked at Erin strangely. The Gnolls growled. They got it. Erin went on.
“He might be evil. He might be innocent. But hurting him because he can’t fight back in a cell is wrong. Sometimes you kill Raskghar. But you don’t torture them or you are the Raskghar. And you know what? Yeah, maybe Mrsha could have gone to Krshia sooner. But guess who didn’t? Tkrn! Ulkel! All the others! And it was the hardest for Mrsha to do. But she did it.”
She glared at Raekea. The Gnoll glared back.
“Do you know what being good is? It’s not doing something you’re supposed to do because it’s easy. It’s doing something you have to do because it’s right. So you know what, Calruz?”
She turned on the Minotaur. He waited. Erin pointed at him, breathing hard.
“There’s no way you’d ever repay your debts, Calruz. Not in life. Or in death. But I think that if you ran away, if you let yourself be killed without trying your whole life to repay people for what you’ve done, that would be the most cowardly thing you ever did. And I think that if people line up to watch you die horribly—that makes them no better than the Raskghar and their sacrifice.”
And that was Erin Solstice. Love her, hate her, as the Minotaur’s eyes widened and he straightened with anger and shame, as the Gnolls turned to stare at her, wide-eyed with fury, you had to admit it. Erin knew people.
 
—-
 
