Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 36
He flicked his sand-sword up. And Wil saw his flaming eyes glinting in amusement. The [Lord] felt a chill.
He knew this would happen. He had known from the beginning. This—was this all the undead [King]’s amusement? Or—Wil’s eyes snapped open. And he thought of the Professor.
Was it a test? He met Fetohep’s gaze. And turned his head.
“Captain Lasc? Use your Skill. Everyone—this is it. King Fetohep? I hope these blades are worth it. On me! [Stoneskin Formation]. We have three minutes.”
The crew spread out around the chest. Their skin deflected blades—for three minutes. Captain Lasc closed his eyes and raised his hand to the sky. Wil didn’t hear what he said. He turned.
A single force was advancing along the deck. Drowned Folk. And at their head—Captain Therrium. Prince Khedal’s warship was engulfed on all sides; there was no one coming to help. The Drowned Man looked at Wil.
“Lord Kallinad. My crews have paid a heavy toll. There’s no second chance. ‘Twould have been better if you’d given over the blades to begin with.”
“Captain Therrium. We’re the Titan’s students. We make our second chances. If you want to lose more—come and get them.”
Wil felt relaxed. Venaz grinned as he hefted his axe. The [Depth Captain] sighed. He raised his sword. And glanced up.
Clouds were racing over the skies. He looked at Captain Lasc as the [Storm Captain] sighed.
“You fool. Summon as many storms as you like. We’ll be done with this ship and it will be sunk before it arrives.”
“Perhaps. But if you take too long, this [Storm Captain] will brave it. Come on, Drowned Man. Take my treasure off my ship. I dare you.”
Captain Lasc strode forwards. Wil edged to the side. It was time. He saw Fetohep smiling. He just needed—
A distraction. Captain Lasc and Therrium were striding towards each other as Merrik and Peki jumped over the deck. The Drowned Crew outnumbered the waning [Storm Sailors]. And a shadow fell over…all of them.
Water hit the decks. The Undersea Crews, Captain Lasc’s [Sailors]—and the students gazed up as something made a sound. A hissing roar.
A wall of flesh and scales. A serpent’s head. Gigantic. The Sea Serpent rose, as high as the masts. And standing on top of it was a very angry man.
“This investment has cost me. But I will have those swords. Now.”
Admiral Seagrass landed on the decks. Therrium and Lasc looked at each other. They turned to face the [Stormlord Captain]. A second Sea Serpent and a Nelgaunt’s head rose out of the surf. The sea monsters regarded the deck full of—food.
“He owns sea serpents?”
Yerranola whispered. Captain Therrium bared his teeth. In the distance—Lord Seagrass’ warship was on fire. But the Admiral was on deck. He glanced up at the sky.
“Some idiot summoned a storm? Surrender. All of you. And I’ll let you live.”
The Sea Serpent hissed. Captain Lasc and Therrium gave each other another look.
“I take no orders from landmen.”
“And I don’t sail under your command.”
“So be it.”
Lord Seagrass drew his blade. The two [Captains] leapt forwards. The Sea Serpents hit the decks, biting [Sailors] in half, but the Drowned Folk were already leaping for the railings. They attacked the gigantic monsters from the water.
“Kill them! Take the swords!”
Therrium bellowed. Seagrass pointed as he deflected the two swords in a duel.
“[Pride of the Waves]. Get me my blades.”
The [Storm Sailors] pushed back, suddenly fighting twice as viciously. Both sides hit Lasc’s crew and the students. They fought, desperately. And—fell back. Back, towards the mast, the treasure chest.
