Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 27
What made a [Soldier] a [Soldier], or a commander, was the way Olesm talked about it. Not a lack of emotion, not some vague hardness of the soul—you could have all these things. It was just in his eyes. The way he didn’t stammer or trip over his words or re-clarify.
He talked about the war with certainty. It would be done. Erin opened her mouth, and he looked at her.
“Let’s not argue about Hectval here, Erin. I’m glad you’re here. And if you wanted a tribute to Gresaria Wellfar—there’s none more fitting. This will last a lifetime.”
He nodded to the perfect statue of Gresaria, even more perfect in its way than the one in First Landing. Erin glanced up at it as she closed her mouth and had a thought. She shook her head and whispered.
“…No. I mean—yes.”
Olesm raised his brows. Erin pointed at Gresaria’s statue.
“It—it will last a lifetime. Mine. But I don’t know—no, I’m sure. It won’t be here if this [Garden of Sanctuary] passes from my hands to another’s. That [General] has no hill.”
Mrsha looked up from rolling around in the grass with Apista. Olesm nodded slowly.
“…I guess that’s how it is. This is a Skill. Unless you did something, it wouldn’t stick. At least we can come here to see…”
He gestured at the statues. Erin turned her head again. She stared into the mists around the hill, and Wil Kallinad, standing at a respectful distance, peered at what she was looking at.
He saw nothing. Nor did the Drake. The [Strategos] glanced his way, and Wil felt a slight shock.
Strange. Was he, the Titan’s student, intimidated by…?
Someone who had the class. Who’d led armies in battle himself. He nodded at Olesm, and the Drake dipped his head in reply. Olesm looked at what Erin was staring at and saw nothing.
She had to show him. One could not simply walk into this garden and find statues that didn’t belong to you. That was the…limitation of the [Garden of Sanctuary]. It was a weak one, but it suddenly bothered Erin.
She stood up slowly and took Olesm’s claw.
“I’m so glad you’re here, Olesm. I have a lot to say—and there are a bunch of chess-heads. I bet you want to play them.”
He smiled ruefully.
“I don’t think I can keep up Chess Weekly anymore. But I’d love that. Is there something you wanted to show me?”
“Maybe…I dunno. There’s a lot of secret stuff.”
Erin was thinking hard. Olesm watched her and spoke carefully.
“If you want to take it to the grave, go ahead, Erin. But that comes sooner than you think.”
She turned and gave him another look. He ducked his head after a second.
“Sorry, that really was insensitive.”
He had changed. But there was still some old Olesm left. Erin exhaled slowly.
“You’re right. I guess it’s just a balancing act. Here. Take my hand. Mrsha, do you want to see too? I need to find someone. Not just Gresaria. I wonder if I can show you…”
Mrsha raced over and grabbed Erin’s hand. Olesm took her other hand, and everyone drifted after Erin. But she just began walking into the mists. And suddenly—they seemed thicker, obscuring everything. Lyonette called out as she hurried after Mrsha.
“Wait, Erin, I’ll come with—”
She lost sight of them in a swirl of mists and then stumbled through right where they should have been. Lyonette whirled and looked around.
“Where are they?”
No one knew, nor could they find whatever Erin was heading towards. It was just Olesm, Erin, and Mrsha. They really had changed. And that was bittersweet but—
“Ancestors! ANCESTORS! Dragon! Draa—”
