Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 39
“It is not permissible to ask for a demonstration within the Queen’s hearing. However, I can inform you that Wrymvr is, himself, capable of singing.”
“What.”
Anand twitched his mandibles. Klbkch tried to nod, but his muscles weren’t there yet.
“He is capable of singing with multiple mouths. Quite adeptly.”
Rather than cheer Anand up, Klbkch got a suspicious look. Anand doubted him! Klbkch had no other recourse.
“Wrymvr. Wrymvr.”
“Klbkchhezeim.”
The two communicated, True Antinium to True Antinium. In truth, Wrymvr was one of the few that Klbkch could talk to like this and cared to.
“Wrymvr, I must ask you to sing to Anand to alleviate his fears that you do not care for his life on a personal level. Also, because he is growing depressed.”
“No.”
Klbkch paused.
“Why not? As I recall, you quite enjoy singing.”
“I will not sing again. Not until a sign our mission will succeed appears in fullness.”
There was something like Adamantium in that promise. Klbkch understood it full well. Exasperated, he kept Wrymvr in the link as he addressed Anand.
“…I assure you, Wrymvr can sing. He has declined to, but he is capable of music.”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch.”
“Why are you talking about singing?”
“I do not know. Anand has another issue he is bringing up. Indulging him boosts productivity.”
“You lead them poorly.”
“He perceives you don’t care about his fate. I do not care to converse with you given your lack of helpfulness.”
Klbkch snapped back mentally, coloring his mental tone with frustration. Wrymvr’s response was simple when it came back.
“Yet Anand comes to you. Therefore, he senses you do care, or can. This I agree with. That you do not, or do not try, is your failing. He is not of my Hive.”
The Slayer’s mandibles clicked a few times. In the end, he decided to talk to Anand since it was better than Wrymvr.
“Is it doubtful that Wrymvr is capable of song, Anand? Xrn is. We are able to perform every function you can. And more.”
“So Centenium sang?”
Anand peered at Klbkch, sitting on a stool, interested again. The Slayer tried to nod again and gave up.
“This is so. Are you happy again?”
Anand edged forwards on the edge of his seat.
“M-maybe. If you answer more questions. Were the Centenium like us? No one will tell me much, even the Grand Queen.”
For a moment, Klbkch was dumbfounded. Were they like…?
He couldn’t help it. A fluttering sound, like an insect, emerged from his mouth. Somewhere else in the Hivelands, Wrymvr copied the sound. Anand was terrified. Then he realized.
They were laughing.
“Like you. You are a copy of Galuc. You are nothing close t—”
Klbkch responded to Anand, and Wryvmr’s censor stopped him. He amended his statement.
“The Centenium had different personalities. So…yes, Anand. They were ‘like you’. Each one was different. Each one glorious. Complete in their function, beyond any other Antinium.”
“More or less. Some were more capable in all regards.”
This time Wrymvr’s comment left Klbkch speechless. He was silent—then gave Wrymvr a mental buffet so hefty it closed their connection. That was not an insult to Klbkch. That was…simply wrong.
Anand was still there, waiting for Klbkch’s next words. And because of what Wrymvr had intimated in thought, worse than word, Klbkch went on.
“Each one had great talents, Anand. Each one was…unique. Designed to be forerunners, exemplars of what they did. Some overlapped in talents. Some were truly unique. Yes, some sang. Of all of them, the hundred, there were some who did sing. Our Queen sang. So many could. Song…oh yes. We could ‘sing’. Not as you know it.”
