Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 1
The [Strategists], the crowds, and yes, even Wistram News Network were here after word had spread. Yet Erin wasn’t having it.
Mind you, she looked better than she had for the last three weeks. No more wheelchair, and the blotchy skin, coughing, and her weakness had faded. Thanks to magic, she could now walk and dress herself, so she’d actually put on some comfy pants that Drassi and Selys had bought for her.
Erin talked a lot about jeans and the fashion of her world. There weren’t always the same fabrics, but Drassi had found some wonderfully matte, dyed black pants made out of a thin leather layer and cotton composite. The leather she thought might actually be Wyvern, from the raid on Pallass. It was apparently ‘jean’-like, and Erin had put on one of the light Silverfang shirts that had some silver hemming. Just a fairly light green cotton, aside from that with Liscor’s logo of a city over water, but it looked good.
Interview-ready. Drassi herself had clothing to fit a possible [Reporter] job—unlike the tracksuit she’d been gifted to interview and keep up with Joseph and athletic people in, she had on a dress that looked simply austere, a deep rose-red to compliment her sun-yellow scales. However, if she moved or whirled, you could see that the folds were actually yellow—it looked like a flower opening.
If you did it right. Which Drassi had practiced in front of a mirror and Selys for nearly two weeks before debuting it today.
Intention. The reason why Erin had clothing that nice was because Selys had bankrolled a shopping spree. Drassi was far more deliberate. So was Selys, at least, lately. But Erin was in the camp that Mrsha, Bird, and a few others occupied.
Then again—Mrsha was a child. Octavia was closer to Erin, because the [Alchemist] would forget to change her clothes, and neither one would like that comparison. Mrsha might be pleased to run around with no clothing, but she was growing up.
She wore that kilt more often than not when going into the city, and she was now fairly nimble on her two legs. She was…growing up. And whether it was Visma, age, or anything else—Drassi saw the Gnoll girl notice her dress. She was getting an appreciation for clothing, even if she didn’t bother.
Erin—didn’t notice. She scowled and pointed at Noass, who was out of dirtball range.
“Drassi! I’m not even letting Niers’ students into the garden right now. I don’t even trust them—let alone Noass or Chaldion!”
“Hah! You hear that, old man?”
A naked Drake danced through the garden’s door and waved at a scowling old Drake outside. Drassi sighed. There were magic censors since Wistram’s broadcast was on a ten minute delay, but the [Mages] complained about having to censor Saliss since someone had to stare at the image.
That was someone else who didn’t think about clothing. And if Erin had thought in clothes-language, she would have realized Drassi’s intention. That was the point; the Thronebearers and Lyonette surely had.
At any rate, the [Innkeeper] gnawed on one lip as she turned to Drassi.
“The Gardens are…sort of secret, Drassi. I don’t want to show everyone, like, everything, you know?”
And there it was again. Some kind of—instinct? Or just her conscience? The talks she had with Rémi Canada? Journalistic conflict. Drassi hesitated, but she stepped forwards and lowered her voice.
