Interlude – The Competition
Page 34
“It’s a game. And if that team comes—how will they die if they meet that lovely little goat?”
What could stop that arrogant goat? And if this failed, so be it. Tolve dangled his legs off the cliff as he sat.
“Nothing and no one remains worthy of my respect. No one remembers his name, even. There is no reason to stop, but slowly. Slowly…”
He raised his hand, and his fair skin mottled. A plague, living mushrooms, sprouted along his arm. Growing out of flesh, rotting, buzzing—Tolve blew it over the Eater Goats, who looked up blankly as the spores grew on their coats. The half-Elf chuckled.
“Oh dear. I think there’s a monster plague. A plague of monsters, I mean. Send adventurers.”
They streamed downhill as Tolve looked for another location, another opportunity. He stood and stretched and walked off. A day later, the alarm was sounded.
The High Passes were unleashing monsters. Thousands of monsters.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Notes: If this is a shorter chapter, then I apologize, as well as the longer break, but as mentioned, I’m going on a vacation.
Although, and I’m going to complain for just a second—the airline canceled my flight the first time. Then changed the date of my flight yesterday. It’s been delayed a bit.
Travel sucks. However, I hope I’ll have fun when I get there and the getting there and packing is the hard part. Which is what I’m going to do right after this.
I hope you understand—it’s one of the first big vacations I’ve had for a long time since something about a pandemic. I don’t know how restful it is since I’m going to that wild, untamed land of Canananada. But I won’t be doing much writing (I think), and I’ll hopefully come back ready to write!
Thanks for reading and waiting until then. Wish me luck and a non-cancelled flight. Or rain. Or forest fires. Or…you know what? Just wish me not an Eater Goat attack. Thanks!
 
Az’kerash Family Dinner and Trey’s Homecoming by Lanrae!

 
 
Grumpy Boba Tekshia by Brack!


DeviantArt: https://www.deviantart.com/shurkin/gallery/
Ko-Fi: https://ko-fi.com/brack
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Brack_Giraffe



 
Solstice Crest, Foliana, Cire, and more by Gridcube!
                                                                      
 

