Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 22
“Wands and crossbows. That’s how [Sailors] fight. We need to be nimble. It’s all movement and clashing and retreat. Can’t lug around heavy gear. And trouble can come quick.”
The [Sailors] were good, although Merrik and Peki were generally better. Although—they kept eying Lasc. And he them.
“I’d have more trouble taking down your armor, Mister Merrik. But I’ll spare my ship’s deck a refit. Myself—I think it’d be an interesting match if we went head-to-head. But if we were at sea, it’d be an easy one. Even against Miss Peki.”
“How so?”
The Dwarf looked wounded by Lasc’s appraisal. The [Storm Captain] grinned.
“Against either of you? I’d dump you in the sea and let the water do the rest! No sense fighting folks who can’t swim, in armor or with feathers.”
The two officers exchanged a look. Then they laughed. They had to respect that.
That night, Venaz was still nursing a sore jaw as they ate. He refused the healing potion, though, and an exasperated Yerra gave him the option of using a bit of potion or shutting up.
“I’m not whining.”
“No, but you wince loud enough to make my jaw hurt. And my body’s nerves are rotten!”
Yerra scowled. But Wil was relieved and looking forwards to tomorrow.
“We’ll be ready to dive again tomorrow. The next wreck isn’t far and Lasc has a ship-speed Skill.”
“Hopefully it’s something. But not a bad day.”
Venaz was far from exuberant, but he seemed relaxed after having been beaten in a spar—and then having smacked down six sailors in bare-knuckles fights. With one arm. The others nodded and they had what was for them, an early night. No late-night drinking and debates. Just rest.
Rest, and…Wil listened to Venaz snorting below him. Snorting, snoring, and smacking his lips.
Venaz did not sleep lightly. The [Lord] hunted around for some sealing wax he’d shaped into earplugs out of desperation, but they were gone. He hoped Merrik hadn’t stolen them; he complained of the exact same problem with Peki. Only, she whistled in her sleep.
“Damn you, Merrik—”
Wil was getting off the top bunk stealthily, to creep into Merrik’s room and see if he had purloined the earplugs. He was just creeping out into the corridor when he heard the sound.
Someone was humming a song. Wil paused, and then went above decks. He found a dark ship, [Sailors] on deck of course; it was never a ship without dozens upon dozens of crew working. But relatively less occupied. And there—close to the passenger’s quarters was her.
Inky.
The [Storm Sailor] was sitting on the rails, one leg over, watching the ocean. Wil stared at her. And then he heard her stop humming. She turned her head.
“Bothering you, am I, Lord Passenger Kallinad?”
Her tone wasn’t exactly rude, but it wasn’t friendly either. Wil winced, although he had no idea how she’d sensed him; the waves were an ever-present backdrop.
“No, sorry. I have a snoring Minotaur and I couldn’t sleep.”
The [Storm Sailor] grinned. And when she spoke, he saw the inner beak moving in her mouth. It was dopplering her voice a bit, but it didn’t seem to bother her much.
“Aye, that one. We can hear him too. Loud as a storm. But the [Captain] probably has some wax you can stuff your ears with.”
“I tried that. I think Merrik—the Dwarf stole mine.”
“Ah, another common issue at sea.”
The part Drowned-Woman nodded. She didn’t move as Wil came over to the railing. She eyed him.
“So. Curious are you about Drowned Folk? Could’ve asked me. I take no offense, but for idiots damaging the ship.”
Wil choked. He glanced at Inky.
“You—heard?”
“Begal told me.”
