Interlude
Page 21
Lady Ieka reached into the bag of holding and drew out a pair of coins. She flicked them up and the gold flew into the air. Lady Ieka waved the smoking pipe she held and the coins turned into butterflies. They landed, fluttering their wings of gold. Ieka smiled.
“The Circle of Thorns will remember this.”
 
—-
 
“You know they’ll all be coming for you. You’ve made more enemies and some of the third parties will take their side.”
Ressa stood with Magnolia after the tea conference had finished. Magnolia was watching Reynold ferry her trusted inner circle back to their estates. They’d all be under guard after this. And she had no doubt reprisals were coming.
“I know, Ressa.”
The [Maid]’s look made it clear how doubtful Magnolia’s knowledge really was.
“This was really better than a war?”
Magnolia sighed. She turned from the window and looked at her oldest friend.
“I talked it over with the old man, Ressa. On one of his talkative days. And a number of [Strategists]. They had Tyrion moving south and establishing a defensive line. He would get far enough for sizeable gains, but this would be the prelude to a long, long war. It would merely place the north at an advantage. And in the meantime—he wouldn’t even get to Pallass before the Antinium did something. Or our pale friend.”
“Something has to be done about him sooner or later. Why not force his hand?”
Ressa pointed out that fact. Magnolia shook her head.
“Not yet, Ressa. Not yet. Before we can take either the Necromancer or the Antinium off the board, I need to be sure we’d win. And I’m not. I want to take care of him without forcing a war. Because he’ll just run if he’s unprepared. He needs to die.”
“The bounty you placed isn’t drawing the people you wanted.”
“Give it time. News spreads slowly in some circles. And if that doesn’t work, I’ll try something else. But I think this was for the best. The Drakes can’t afford a war and neither can we.”
“So it’s just backstabbing and poison. Kidnapping, ransoms, plotting…dark shadows lurking in doorways…”
Magnolia forced a smile onto her face.
“That’s why I keep you around, after all. Besides, it’s good to lure our enemies out into the open, isn’t it?”
“By striking the beehive?”
“Hush. What choice did I have?”
Ressa was pointedly silent. Magnolia turned. She walked towards her pink couch and ran her hand along the embroidered fabric.
“It couldn’t be allowed, Ressa. That was all there was to it.”
“If you can live with the consequences…”
“I can.”
“Then there’s nothing more to say. I’ll prepare the staff for war.”
Ressa vanished. Magnolia sighed. She whispered after Ressa’s back.
“Oh, don’t do that. Far better to prepare them for peace. After all, war is a constant. But in peace…things change.”
She looked back out the window. And she felt the world turning again. Shifting. Again and again, on the smallest of things.
 
—-
 
He stood on his desk, checking his notes, writing orders, calculating. A thousand things were on his mind, each more pressing than the last.
Painted Antinium. The ramifications of Magnolia Reinhart’s actions. Even the reemergence of the famed ‘Gecko of Liscor’. All these variables were in play. And that was only the Izrilian angle. There were matters in Baleros to attend to. Niers Astoragon scribbled notes as he checked the tally of the Forgotten Wing’s forces across Baleros. He was adding up numbers, checking their monetary reserves. And doing figures all the while.
