Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 14
Relc froze. It seemed he had actually forgotten his daughter was standing at the other side of the weights room. He glanced over—Embria was staring at him. She hadn’t missed on the obvious. Relc’s tail sagged.
“Ah, hells.”
“Relc! You can’t pick up dates when your daughter’s here!”
Erin shook her finger at Relc. The Drake looked defensive.
“Erin, come on. You can’t blame me for having some fun now and then, can you?”
“Can’t I? Wait, how often do you have fun?”
The young woman narrowed her eyes at Relc. She hadn’t heard anything about this! The Drake raised his claws.
“You’re getting sort of personal here, Erin. I don’t ask you who you had sex with two days ago, you don’t ask me. We’re not Gnolls.”
“You think we like smelling it all the time?”
Erin stared at Relc. Well—she guessed it had to happen. But she couldn’t imagine Relc…her mind shut down a bit to prevent showing her anything.
“But—okay, I—well—are you going to do anything?”
Relc blushed. He looked at Erin.
“Do I have to answer that? And do you want me to answer, Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] was saved from answering by Embria. The Drake came over.
“I can’t help but see you’re popular. Dad.”
Only a few things could be worse than Embria and Erin both confronting Relc over his possible date. And the Drake [Guardsman] clearly looked like he’d rather fight an Adult Creler.
“Listen, kid. When the moment strikes, you have to take it! Didn’t I teach you that? And I told you those lines worked! Like a charm!”
Embria scowled after the Garuda.
“You can do better than her.”
“Hey, can’t I just have fun for one night? Come on! Ancestors! Leave me alone! I don’t ask you—wait, I don’t want to know. See? I know there are boundaries!”
Relc began to look genuinely exasperated. He threw up his hands and walked backwards. Erin began to feel a bit bad. It wasn’t her problem. She let Relc go. So did Embria, after a glance back at her command.
 
—-
 
Aside from insights into Relc’s dating life, Grimalkin’s seminar seemed to be a hit. Certainly, Erin heard him answering questions as he stood in the center of the weights room. Strangely, he kept waving her off when she wanted to talk to him.
“Fine. I won’t get you a protein shake. Whatever they’re made of. Probably eggs and stuff.”
Erin grumbled and walked off. She found Lyonette in the common room; Erin enjoyed odor and sounds of cooking and a clean inn, not sweat and audible grunting in the background.
“Ooh, who’s making food? Drassi?”
“She burns food. No, Palt offered to make some of his curry. Erin, give me a hand with these, will you?”
Erin saw Ishkr and Lyonette were carrying down the pots full of faerie flowers.
“What are you doing with those? Remember that [Thief], Lyonette?”
The [Princess] nodded.
“I know. We’re putting them in the Garden. It’ll be even safer there. And the gold.”
She mouthed that at Erin. The [Innkeeper]’s eyes widened. Then she nodded.
“Hey, it would be safer there! Great idea! But why are you taking the pots downstairs? Can’t you just move the garden’s entrance?”
Lyonette shook her head.
“Wailant and Viceria are working. And they can’t summon the door, remember?”
“Oh, right. Okay, let me help.”
Erin was going upstairs for a pot when she heard Montressa and Beza race into the inn.
“Where is it? Did we miss it?”
“I heard there would be a competition! Why wasn’t I invited?”
Bezale snorted furiously. Palt poked his head out of the kitchen. Montressa stormed up to him.
“Palt! You can’t sabotage us like that! How dare—”
Erin grinned and grabbed a pot.
“Let’s put them somewhere special, Lyonette. Maybe up on the hill?”
