Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 3
An adventure. The high seas, the wind in your hair, searching for the sunken shipwrecks of old. For treasure, from perhaps thousands of years past. Fighting monsters, evading [Pirates]—
It had been two, two and a half weeks at sea. And Wil Kallinad looked up from the diary he was keeping. He didn’t have much to write.
“Water. Water. Water. Water. Waaaaaater. Water. Water. Water? Water. Water…”
Someone was saying the word over and over again in the background. Just to be fun, she varied how she said the word ‘water’ every few times. That meant you couldn’t quite tune her voice out.
“Dead gods, I swear I will drown you in this drink, Peki. Shut up!”
Another, deeper voice swore from the left. Wil saw a Dwarf, short, stout, with huge arms and a frame that made him stronger than most Human men sit up at the table. The voice stopped for a second and then came back.
“Make me.”
The speaker was a Garuda. Her feathers were predominantly green, but mixed with yellow and red. She was a splash of color in the cabin’s interior. And the small room she and Wil and Merrik were sitting in.
With a sigh, Wil closed his diary. Mainly to stop the fight he knew was about to break out. Merrik reached under his bunk.
“Oh yeah? Oh yeah? Try it, you overgrown parrot. Hold on, where’s my hammer? Hold on, I said!”
The five-foot tall Dwarf tried to fend Peki off as she leapt off the bunk she’d been sitting on. It was Wil’s bunk; he and Venaz were sharing a room. Merrik and Peki had invaded his because they were bored. Now, the Garuda [Martial Artist] and [Commander] danced forwards, and punched Merrik in the head.
“Ow! Stop it! I need my axe! And my armor!”
“Fighting doesn’t wait for clothes. Make me stop. Make me.”
“Peki—please stop punching Merrik.”
The Garuda obligingly put the Dwarf in a headlock. Merrik swore as he grabbed at her arms, but light as Peki was—she was an expert in unarmed combat. He couldn’t break free, or use his own considerable strength.
“Headlocks too, Peki. Please stop fighting.”
The Garuda let go of Merrik with a sigh. The Dwarf gasped for air. Red-faced, he glared at the Garuda.
“If I had my hammer or my armor on—”
“I’d hit you on the head. Easy.”
“You were strangling me. I have [Body of Stone]! Try punching me and see how that goes! I dare you!”
Peki raised a fist. Merrik held up his hands.
“Not without my helmet! I don’t want a concussion again! I’m just saying that if I had my helmet—”
“I’d still win.”
Wil sighed. The two were in his cabin because they had been getting on each other’s nerves and wanted company. But he didn’t exactly want their company. Still—there was a limited amount of space on deck.
It had been nearly three weeks. Three weeks of…inaction. A storm had been the most excitement they’d had. The [Strategists] had been prepared for calamity and shipwreck, monsters and trouble.
They had not been prepared for boredom. And in the confines of this tiny vessel…it was getting to them.
“Why don’t we go upstairs? The fresh air will do us all some good. We’re nearly at the next location, anyways.”
Wil hopefully suggested. Peki and Merrik looked at him. Their faces indicated what they thought of that suggestion, but they grudgingly acquiesced.
“Ah, glorious daylight. How I’ve not missed you.”
Merrik announced as they trooped upstairs. Technically, the term was on deck, but none of the [Strategists] were sailors. And using the lingo felt silly at times.
“Where’s Venaz? Feshi? Yerra?”
