Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 21
Alright, whatever you do, say the opposite of every single thing you’ve ever said to other people. She had hurt a lot of feelings. It helped that she could be genuinely approving. Wait, what the hell was she doing?
Ryoka-things. Giving musical feedback to a Titan. Triton? Did he have an official name? Duotitan? That was stupid.
Just go with it.
“It’s really good. I think you need some kind of accompaniment. It’s not a song meant to be sung alone, is it? Tone? Spot on.”
“Really? I’ve tried with drums and flutes and so on, but I don’t think it fits. It’s new music. You’ve heard of the Singer of Terandria? It’s like that, but no one knows what instruments she plays. I want that…you know, that music?”
Ryoka rubbed at her chin. She knew what he meant. Pianos, electric music, the power of amps, all of that was beyond this world. Perhaps they had equivalents, but no one had put anything together like this.
“You know, it reminds me of pop. But not exactly pop. It’s sort of…electropop.”
“Electropop? What’s that?”
“Uh—a kind of pop. It needs a synth. That’s um, synthetic music. Something soothing. I don’t know, sorry. I don’t compose music, but not a flute. Something more background.”
He needed a music program and a recording set and a computer and she’d have the next pop sensation on her hands. If she was on Earth, Ryoka would have seriously considered throwing over the dangerous and relatively un-lucrative Courier business for the far more profitable world of music management.
Menorkel actually grabbed a pencil with one hand and began scribbling notes frantically as his other two hands fiddled with the microphone. The last one scratched at his short hair.
Amazing coordination. Ryoka was impressed. She’d observed that even the Antinium weren’t perfect with four arms. They could do things in tandem, but this was literally like someone using each hand deliberately for rapidly different tasks.
Two heads. He must have insane ability to multitask. It was probably not a genetically sound move for Humans, but if it existed…Ryoka wondered if he could literally out-think someone or do involved activities like equestrian polo. Heck, he could stand and be taller than someone on a horse’s back.
“I’ve wanted to learn how the Singer does her music for ages. You don’t know what a ‘synth’ is, do you?”
“Uh…you’d have to use magic. Literally copying music and playing it back, sorry. I don’t know how.”
Menorkel groaned.
“That’s what I thought! But I can’t cast that kind of magic and Fithea won’t teach anyone ‘silly magic’. And the Singer’s never performed in Ailendamus. I could listen to her at least, but even though Sophridel told me he tried to invite her a dozen times, she never came.”
Gee, I wonder why? Ryoka was reminded of Ailendamus’ reputation as a war machine and Cara’s own hints in her music video.
Then again, the truth of Ailendamus might have pulled the Singer over here in a heartbeat. Ryoka didn’t know her, but this was something else. She walked forwards slowly…then walked back. Because Menorkel was so tall that if she got too close, she’d have to literally talk while craning her neck straight up. And she was a tall girl!
He was so tall it was disconcerting. And unlike Moore, he didn’t naturally hunch himself over and try to look small and unthreatening. He walked and moved about naturally. Someone had taught him not to be afraid of his height. He seemed fine talking to Ryoka at a remove; it felt more natural to Ryoka too. Her brain could pretend he wasn’t almost twice her height.
