Interlude – Embria
Page 14
The words washed over Embria like rain. The Drake [Commander] opened her mouth for a word in edgewise, and had to wait for her moment.
“I’m sorry, Miss. But are you mistaking me? I don’t remember you, I’m afraid.”
“You don’t? But we were friends! At least, I thought so.”
Drassi looked heartbroken. She glanced over Embria’s shoulder at Relc and brightened.
“Hey Relc! It’s me, Drassi! I was just at the inn! You know me, and you know I used to know Embria, right?”
Relc turned. He had a flashing, half-ghostly puzzle in one claw and the [Trader] was showing him another one that was invisible—Embria could barely see the outlines as some dust or dirt covered it. Relc blinked.
“What? Drassi? Hey. You knew Embria? Wait…did you?”
He frowned. The [Gossip] looked crushed twice-over.
“I did! We haven’t seen each other for over a decade but—don’t you remember? When we were just kids? Embria, you came to Liscor with Relc back when he was just starting out as a [Guardsman], right? And you and I used to play in the streets! We got into tons of trouble! Heck, you and Selys used to know each other! Any of this ringing a bell?”
It was…vaguely familiar. Embria frowned. She could remember growing up in Liscor after Relc had left the army. Until she’s joined it. But it had only been for a handful of years. She didn’t remember Drassi. Although she did vaguely recall the same loudmouthed, cheerful voice the longer it went on.
“I—maybe I did? I’m sorry, but everything before I enlisted’s a bit of a blur. My apologies, Miss Drassi.”
The Drake laughed good-naturedly.
“It’s just Drassi! But I’d love to sit and talk, Embria. I just got off my shift. Do you have time? Hey, we could sit at The Wandering Inn and catch up! How about it?”
The offer was vaguely tempting. But—Embria glanced at her father. Relc was inspecting his puzzle while watching her out of the corner of one eye. She hesitated and shook her head after a moment.
“I’m sorry, Drassi. But I’m busy today. Maybe another time?”
She smiled apologetically at Drassi. The Drake didn’t look too put out.
“That’s totally fine. I’m actually shopping for some bug-killing traps myself. I have this infestation. Bad wood in my apartment. Know where I can get any charms?”
“My friend six stalls down has a number of charms.”
The Gnoll [Trader] leaned into the conversation. Drassi grinned.
“Really? Thanks! I’ll check him out. Embria, Relc, let’s talk again sometime, okay? Don’t be a stranger! And don’t forget me!”
Bemused, Embria waved a claw as Drassi headed off. Relc grunted to himself as he peered into one side of his puzzle.
“She’s cool. I talk to her on my patrols sometimes. Although I get in trouble if I talk for too long. You did use to know her, you know.”
“I sort of remember. But it’s ages ago now. I don’t know anyone in the city.”
“Huh.”
Embria watched Drassi disappear into the crowd. Then she turned back to the stall. The Gnoll was smiling as Relc cursed over the puzzle he was holding.
“Like it? Only two Archmages have completed it. Feor and Nailihuaile. Amerys doesn’t count; she blasted hers apart. You can try as long as you like. Solve it here and you can take it with you.”
“Hah! I can do that. Just give me a second. Hey, kid, do you uh, think this thing goes here?”
“Hm?”
Embria was still watching Drassi. Then she noticed a Gnoll mother walking from stall to stall with a young child. She watched the Gnoll grabbing his mother’s hand excitedly and pulling her past him to look at a display of colorful toys the next stall over.
“Damn! This one’s impossible! There’s no way to move this thing!”
