Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 17
It was just rain. But…everyone slowly looked towards the windows. Erin hesitated. Garry looked around with the cake in his hands. And it occurred to Selys, belatedly, that she had made one mistake in prepping Erin.
She’d forgotten to ask how an Earl might court someone, tactful or intelligent as he might be. Slowly, every guest went to the windows or the doors. The [Innkeeper] just walked outside, past Hexel, who was measuring the new portal-room out with his apprentices. The [Architect] saw Erin pass and he winked.
“An exciting day.”
“Is it?”
She looked at him, with trepidation, one hand on the door. The Lamia regarded Erin thoughtfully.
“I should imagine you’d like this more than most, Miss Solstice.”
The rain fell harder. Erin heard it drumming. Like her heart, despite the spell.
“But I—don’t know if I can answer them. Why would I like this?”
“Because it’s them showing you how much you matter to them. Well, young men do it poorly. We’ll see about Earls. But if their hearts are in the right place—friendship isn’t a bad place to start. Or do you dislike them?”
Erin looked around. A faint smile crossed her face.
“I suppose they’re okay.”
She winked at a Hobgoblin and got an embarrassed grin. Two, really, but Snapjaw elbowed Badarrow so hard it went away.
That made more sense. Then she opened the doors and saw.
 
—-
 
The morning’s clear weather was being replaced by rain. Rain, despite the clear skies of the morning.
…And the clear skies of now. Watch Captain Zevara stared. Just ahead of the inn was a localized weather front.
Rain, falling from the clear skies. It had turned grey, but not cloudy. Not dark. And there was light. Oh yes. And one more thing.
“Is the rain…purple?”
She saw the tint in the weather. But no one answered her. Jeiss whistled slowly.
“Now that is an entrance, Watch Captain.”
He pointed down.
 
—-
 
The Marshal of the Rains stood in a ray of light, as the wind and rains blew around him. His company had spread out and were lifting wands or artifacts towards the sky. Directing the weather—
But the rains were his. They fell around Erin as she looked up, mouth open slightly. A gentle rain, flurrying. And then—caught by the mist and droplets, the sun touched the prisms.
And there were rainbows. They cascaded from the beams of light emitted from Kiish’s wand. Arcs of every color, hanging in the air.
Double rainbow? More than Erin could count. And as she stepped outside—the curtains of rain parted. The grass was wet underfoot, but Erin’s only touch of the rain was as she put out a hand and felt it at the tips of her finger.
An invisible umbrella surrounded her. No one else. Rain got in Olesm’s eye as he leaned out the window and he cursed.
“Um…Altestiel?”
He hadn’t changed his clothes. But he had added to them. A mantle sat on his shoulders. So familiar yet subtly different that Numbtongue and Badarrow started. A cloak—or perhaps a veil, so thin it was—of water.
Colored water too, looking misty and the palest ice blue imaginable while still being transparent. Luminous on its own.
“Whoa.”
Erin halted. But the Earl walked towards her. He had been standing on a hill just opposite The Wandering Inn. Yet—instead of walking down the valley and up the hill, which would have been less dignified and taken longer, he walked out.
Into the air. Onto a path of water. A road, like the light-bridges of Embria’s 4th Company. Erin rubbed at her eyes. Then she turned to Montressa, who was standing stock-still behind her.
“…That’s impressive, right?”
