Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 24
Erek held Ryoka’s hand and tugged her down the gangplank. Seve scolded him, but Ryoka’s smile was actually genuine. Sammial called out.
“Ryoka! Ryoka, I want to fly! I’ve been telling everyone here you can make them fly, and all the other kids want to do it! And you should see all of Seve’s friends! The Waterbear was boring. Courier Worroar didn’t want to fight an orca whale we saw, and she said I talked too much. Lord Etril, can I melt a statue with the ship?”
That was how they entered First Landing and high society. House Veltras, Ryoka Griffin, and scandal. But the key was—she wasn’t running away. Ryoka Griffin walked down the docks, hand in hand with a monkey and Sammial. Somehow, she looked better than before.
 
——
 
The Wandering Inn was in uproar. Hilarity, disbelief, resignation…Mrsha was demanding to know what Erek was. She had never seen a monkey before! She was confused why Ryoka was friends with the evil Lord Tyrion and who that annoying boy was!
Lyonette just scowled at Ryoka. Meanwhile, some of the other people who knew Ryoka were talking.
“House Veltras? Ryoka? That is the least—I mean, of all the Houses, she would choose them. But Lord Veltras? They looked—familiar, don’t you think?”
Yvlon was whispering with Ceria. The half-Elf was laughing.
“I think this is great. Let’s consider doing some work for House Veltras! Pisces, do you remember First Landing? Did you visit? I was too poor to do anything but walk the streets…”
“Me? First Landing? Hardly, Ceria. I too was mostly impoverished. I…imagine it’s something of a sight. Ryoka is looking well.”
The Horns were talking at their table. A Drake slid into their conversation.
“Ryoka? She’s looking good. What’s this about that [Lord]? She saved his kids, right? I guess that’s why they’re hanging around each other.”
Relc Grasstongue glanced at Ryoka’s image a bit too long. Then he sighed. Yvlon hesitated, but Ceria patted his arm.
“Better not listen to any rumors, Relc. But you know Ryoka.”
The Drake sighed.
“I do. She has a soft spot for weird fellows. Huge flaw. But I’m glad she’s alive.”
Even Ceria decided not to add to the rumor mill around Ryoka. For the moment. However, the consensus seemed to be that. It was good Ryoka was alive.
However, the news had hit at least one person in the inn harder than anyone could have guessed. And that person was—Erin Solstice.
She was peering at Wetiole covering the news, trying to interview Ryoka but being kept back by the [Soldiers]. And surprisingly, Erin’s attention was not all on Ryoka.
“Hey, what did they say about that statue? They’re gonna take it down? They can’t do that. That—that was Gresaria. She’s a hero. She—she saved my life.”
The words popped out of her mouth, and Lyonette turned.
“She did? We only met her once, Erin.”
The [Innkeeper] shook her head.
“She—I met her again. She saved my life. That’s not right. They can’t take that statue down. Will they? That Etril guy blew one up.”
Everyone looked around for someone who might know. That turned out to be Yvlon Byres. She chewed the question over.
“…They might. Wellfar will throw a huge fuss—they might relocate Gresaria’s statue, just because it caused the issue. But the [Sailors] and [Captains] might protest. She was beloved. But it’s about pride, and you know how that is.”
She looked around and realized her audience might not. Erin clenched one hand.
“No! Gresaria deserves more than one statue! She deserves, like, hundreds! If they don’t want it, I’ll take it. Liscor can put it in its plaza or—she deserves a statue.”
“Doesn’t she have one?”
