Interlude – Krshia
Page 15
The Gnoll chuckled. He bent and plucked one of the huge stems of grass, then waved it about. Mrsha leapt and caught it, breaking the grass. She jumped about, flattening the grass and waving her wand as Elirr turned to Krshia.
“It looks simple, but with it, she freed us from our shackles. With grass. I will not call it a simple magic. And for a child to cast spells, it is impressive, yes?”
“Yes…”
Krshia dragged the word out. She stared at the grass growing out of her floor and found she had to sit. It wasn’t impressive. It was just grass. She had seen Moore grow huge thorny vines out of the ground and seen him conjure an armor of thorns for battle. And yet, she found she was shaking as she reached for a cracker. It was just grass. But Mrsha had done it. A Gnoll had cast magic as [Mages] did.
“How?”
That was the question both Gnolls had. How and when had Mrsha learned to cast magic? They probably knew the how, but they wanted to be certain. Sure enough, Mrsha squirmed guiltily when Krshia brought out the huge magical tome Ryoka had given her. The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] looked down sternly, noting how Mrsha didn’t seem surprised by the huge, rich magical tome that was as large as she was, and how she kept looking at it and then away, clearly plagued by a guilty conscience.
“Mrsha. When I was out on pressing business, did you sneak into my room and read this book?”
The Gnoll tried to look to Elirr for support, but this time the older Gnoll wouldn’t give it. She played with her wand as she looked to one side, then nodded once. Krshia scowled. Mrsha tensed up. Krshia’s arm shot forwards and Mrsha dove for under the couch, but the Gnoll had expected that. She came up with Mrsha, yelping and whining as Krshia held her by the ear and twisted.
“Krshia, do not be so harsh on her. She saved us, and did no harm.”
Elirr protested as Mrsha held very still, for fear of having her ear twisted. Krshia scowled.
“She knew better than to go among my possessions, Elirr! And if she had unlocked the trap sealing this box, she would be dead! Do not speak to me of harm! Mrsha, you knew you should not have touched this.”
The Gnoll nodded rapidly, squirming, trying to get free. Krshia had half a mind to twist her ear to make her remember, but Elirr had folded his arms and Mrsha had survived the Raskghar. So, reluctantly, Krshia let go and Mrsha jumped away to hide behind Elirr.
“There, there. You are not in trouble. Much. Krshia was concerned for your safety. You should not have touched the book. It was dangerous.”
The old Gnoll comforted Mrsha, who nodded and peeked out at Krshia. The female Gnoll grumbled as she sat back down, but she opened her paws and let Mrsha sniff at her to show she had forgiven the child.
“When I was a cub, my ears were not so good. Of course, I would have known better then to poke my nose into the places of adults, no?”
“Hah!”
Elirr grinned until he realized Krshia had been serious. He coughed and straightened. The two adults sat in silence for a second as Mrsha, much relieved now she had confessed, helped herself to another cracker.
“So. The book is real.”
Elirr looked at Krshia. She nodded. Her heart was racing.
“It seems so. We had assumed it was, but this confirms it. I had some doubts, but no longer.”
She saw Elirr frown, perplexed.
“You checked the authenticity of the artifact, though. Surely you knew it was a spellbook?”
