Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 8
“Sounds pretty good to me?”
The [Spellscribe] turned a face full of wrath Erin’s way. Montressa kicked Beza under the table and went on smoothly.
“The broadcast was actually really…interesting. It caused a bit of a stir at the academy, actually. You—wouldn’t happen to be free to chat about your home, would you? I could offer you compensation if—”
“I don’t think Erin needs to speak with your factions, Montressa. Good morning, by the way.”
“Palt.”
Beza folded her arms, much like another Minotaur that Erin had known.
“And what would Erin get from sharing her valuable information with you two? Just asking.”
Palt gave the two of them a smirk. Montressa’s left eyelid began to twitch. She sighed, and gave up the pretense. She looked straight at Erin.
“I know we’ve been trouble, Erin. But I can make you an offer Palt can’t. We could, at this moment, connect you with some of your friends from home. Let you two talk.”
Erin blinked. For a second she stared. Palt’s snort of outrage brought her back.
“And how many people would be listening and recording the conversation?”
“We’d swear to privacy if you wanted it.”
Montressa looked like she’d rather stab Palt than the cinnamon bun she’d been served. The Centaur rolled his eyes.
“Absolutely. Just let the two speak in perfect privacy—then ask the other person from Erin’s…home what was said.”
The young woman exhaled slowly. She had nothing to say to that. She looked rather hopelessly at Erin.
“They would like to speak with you, Erin…what do you think?”
The Centaur was certainly against it. He was actually whispering to Erin—she glanced back and saw his lips weren’t moving. But his voice was speaking audibly in her right ear.
“I really wouldn’t. They’re just going to ask questions they want the answer to. Some of the Earthers are joining up with the factions. We can arrange a conversation. It’ll take a while, but…”
Erin tuned him out. She had already come up with her answer after the moment of surprise. She smiled at Beza and Montressa.
“Hey, um, that’s flattering, but I’m gonna pass, okay? I’m really busy, you know, making a gym, hot tubs…”
She excused herself and Montressa let her go without too much more argument. She turned, watching as Erin walked through the Garden of Sanctuary to find Mrsha and see if she wanted to go plant blue fruit seeds. Montressa stared enviously at the door to the garden—she wasn’t allowed in.
Palt was, but he could only walk through, not summon the door. The Centaur chewed on his tobacco gum or whatever it was as Erin paused and swung the door closed. And she left it open a crack, and sat down and listened.
“Thanks, Palt.”
The [Aegiscaster]’s tone was acidic. Also, hurt. Erin heard a screech of chairs being moved—Palt would be kneeling on the floor, chairs not being a thing Centaurs used.
“Look, I’m just doing my job. Try to understand Erin’s perspective. She does not need to be involved in a power play, especially with an Archmage’s faction. You know what will happen if they get nasty, especially the Libertarians.”
“Well, what about some damned friendship? We came here together. This is you stabbing us in the back.”
“Hah. Good one, Montressa. I prefer to think this was a stab from the front. That you walked into. We knew we were going to duke it out over the Earthers.”
The [Illusionist] was snappish, which was another tone Erin never heard. At least Beza’s voice was the same tone—that was to say, grumpy Minotaur.
“Do you need to completely turn on your friends, Palt?”
