Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 16
“The one Qwera, the Golden Gnoll, brought? I thought she was her daughter or helper. Mri, you mean?”
“Yes…that one. She is not Qwera’s daughter, though she is under her protection. The protection of Silverfang, Weatherfur, Longstalker’s Fang, Ekhtouch, and Greenpaw. I fear it might not be enough for all that.”
“Not for two great tribes, Longstalker’s Fang, and Silverfang? Is she in danger or something?”
Satar wondered how that was possible. Cetrule nodded shortly.
“She is. And not from…Drakes. Or anyone else. She is in danger of other Gnolls killing her.”
“Why? Why…”
Satar felt like she knew. That little girl with the brown fur and painted ears who Cers didn’t like? Gire’s friend? But suddenly, the [Storyteller] found her mind wandering back to her mother’s anger. The story…
“A white Gnoll.”
The young Gnoll whispered suddenly, and Cetrule jerked.
“How did you—?”
“It makes sense. It’s obvious. It has to be—or Mother wouldn’t have been angry. I’m right? She’s a Doombringer?”
“Never say that.”
Satar blinked. Cetrule was pale. She grinned in delight—then her mouth opened wide.
“Wait. I am right? She’s a…?”
Suddenly every story she had ever been told flashed in her mind. Cetrule looked at Satar.
“You are.”
“She’s a—”
Satar was going through surprise the wrong way, from confidence to realizing more and more what that meant. Incredulously, she looked at Cetrule and suddenly—she wanted to talk to Mri. A Doombringer? How? Why would Akrisa let her in?
But she was a child. So the stories…Cetrule watched Satar thinking. She didn’t draw back in horror as her mother had feared. If anything—it confirmed he was right to tell her. He exhaled in relief.
“Her name is Mrsha. She is the girl that was kidnapped from Liscor. She is under our protection, and the Silverfangs of Liscor know her.”
“She’s that girl?”
Satar started. Again, Cetrule was surprised, but she remembered that broadcast. The [Shaman of Purity] sighed.
“Yes. It is a long story, and Akrisa or Krshia can tell you the rest. Even Beilmark or Tkrn—they all know. But you will not speak of it without a secrecy-ward in place, Satar. As [Chief Shaman], I order you to keep it secret. Understood?”
She nodded rapidly. This changed everything. She wanted to record all this down—then she saw Cetrule watching her and realized—she couldn’t.
“I won’t tell anyone.”
“Or write it down?”
“Cetrule! I’m not stupid!”
Satar blushed, knowing the last hour hadn’t really helped her case. But she put her paws together.
“By the pride of Silverfang, I won’t. I mean it. This isn’t about my class. This is…huge.”
“Wait until you hear about Rose and Inkarr.”
Cetrule muttered, and Satar’s mouth fell open. So he had to tell her about that. She nearly burst their secrecy ward from her voice alone.
“They’re from another world?”
Cetrule shielded his ears.
“Yes! Stop shouting!”
“Why aren’t you more excited about that?”
“We have every issue in front of us, Satar! Mrsha is in trouble, and her name is ‘Mri’—remember that. Be careful of even speaking about her in front of Plain’s Eye. They are one of the most active groups hunting her.”
“But another world—and you just—have you talked with them? Can I?”
Satar had three people she needed to interview. She had wanted to talk to Feshi, of course, but now Feshi was an ant compared to the mountain of treasure…none of which she could write! Someday! Someday—Satar just wanted to know.
Another world. Cetrule disappointed her with his mentality, but he just shrugged helplessly.
