Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 16
More laughed. Relc and Lasica glared around the table. Selys, who came over with a mug in one hand, caught the last of the joke. She pulled a chair up.
“Oh, very funny.”
“But it’s true!”
“There’s tons of saying about Drakes. Any about other species?”
Erin was genuinely curious. The others nodded. Beilmark grinned. Erin didn’t know her well, but the Senior Guardswoman was friendly.
“Tons! I know one about Gnolls yes? It is a bit of an inside joke—but shall I tell it?”
The others nodded. Beilmark took a grin, and then began.
“Hrr. Okay, a Plains Gnoll and a City Gnoll walk into a bar. The Plains Gnoll says she’s never seen so much alcohol in her life. She asks how something like this can come to be.”
She nodded at Rufelt. The Gnoll smiled, a rueful look on his face. Erin stopped laughing. Beilmark went on.
“The City Gnoll says it’s because she worked hard all day and night and distilled the liquor and built the bar they’re standing in. The Plains Gnoll says that’s all very well, but the City Gnoll’s forgotten her roots. And both are arguing so loudly they don’t notice the Human [Thief] stealing all the alcohol.”
The silent table erupted into guffaws. Even Erin, who’d been worried the saying was getting pretty political. But Beilmark and Rufelt were laughing harder.
“Definitely a Gnoll joke.”
Selys smiled over her cup. Erin laughed.
“But Humans are the punch line! Hey! We’re not all like that?”
Lasica raised her eyebrow. The Drake put down her cup of juice and looked around.
“Oh yeah? How about this, then? If someone drops a gold coin on the ground, a Drake will take it and never give it back. A Gnoll will bring it to his tribe. And a Human will plant a flag on the ground and claim this was their land forever and that they’ve always lived there.
This time Relc choked on his drink he was laughing so hard. Jelaqua pounded the table, and even Maughin chuckled. Erin put her hands on her hips. Some of the Gnolls sitting at another table were chuckling.
“Hey! That’s—”
She wanted to say inaccurate, but knowing the history of Izril made it a tiny bit hard. Selys was laughing next to Erin. She raised her claw.
“I’m sorry, Erin. But really—okay. Here’s one. The only thing a Human won’t mate with is a Creler, and that’s only because the ones who tried got eaten!”
“Hey! That’s not funny!”
Erin protested. Some of the others agreed, but even Seborn started laughing. Erin looked around. As one of two Humans in the room—discounting Moore, and maybe Seborn who both seemed to find it funny—she felt a bit hurt. More people began calling in jokes. Erin stared as Seborn shouted.
“My turn. What’s the only difference between a Human and a Selphid?”
“What?”
“One of them only steals bodies.”
Jelaqua sprayed her drink out. She began hitting the table as she and Ulinde howled with laughter. Erin glared.
“Hey! Hey! I don’t have to stand for this!”
“How many Humans does it take to conquer a Walled City?”
Half the inn shouted.
“How many?”
“I don’t know! They’re still counting!”
Relc was howling with laugher. He bellowed for attention as Erin shouted around her inn, glaring and laughing.
“Classics! My turn! The only good feature about Humans is that they’re edible! And even then, they taste like crap!”
The room fell silent. Relc paused. He saw everyone staring at him.
“Hey. It’s just a joke. I don’t know myself. It’s sort of funny. Right?”
 
—-
 
Just a moment in the sun. Erin Solstice went upstairs for a break. Mainly because even after Relc’s joke, the entire room had decided to roast Humans. And they had a lot of jokes. Mainly, she wanted to check on Bird.
