Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 6
Selys huffed as she fished for her purse of holding.
“A ‘going-to-war’ gift. I’ve got two potions in here too…one second. I have beavers in my home, and they keep messing up everything.”
“Beavers? Wait—Selys, I have potions.”
The [Heiress] rolled her eyes at him.
“I know, and it’s cute that you think I buy the same quality as the city’s paying for. The cube-thing is from Hedault. Each symbol is one attack it’ll eat or block. Here.”
She pushed two bottles at him, and Olesm blinked at the colors within. He could recognize high-grade healing potions, and he looked at the Drake.
“Selys…”
“Just come back, alright? Don’t let those Creler-kissing monsters go easy. But don’t die.”
She reached across the table and gave him a one-armed hug. Olesm hesitated, but before he could return it, Palt and Imani came out to say farewell, and Timbor himself.
The [Innkeeper] shook Olesm’s claw, and Olesm recalled the man had marched on Hectval the first time, in the angry mob-army.
“Best of luck, Strategist Olesm. Here’s hoping it goes better now you’ve planned it out, eh?”
Olesm nodded slowly. Good people had died in that first group. He met Timbor’s gaze and looked towards the city, where people were cheering and waving goodbye to the [Soldiers] marching out. He looked for his horse and gave Selys, Imani, Palt, and Timbor a last look. He wanted to be reassuring, to say something like fire and wrath, that would be written down and underlined by [Historians] in years to come, even the unbiased ones.
All Olesm managed was a nod and a croak.
“We’ve prepared a bit more. We’ll see what we see. I’ll report back and see if our strategy’s viable. If not, I’ll reconsider.”
He mounted up, and the words burned in his head…and earholes as he rode off. They watched him go, not cheering, and with a kind of silence that weighed on him as he left. Olesm was glad they didn’t see his blushing face.
Selys rubbed at the side of her head with one claw and turned to the others as Olesm rode off.
“He fights better than he talks. I think.”
 
——
 
It was such a strange feeling leaving Liscor. Olesm didn’t join the procession to hear the cheering. He just caught up with Embria’s 4th Company, who were riding and singing a soldier’s song, My Broomstick’ll Level Faster Than Me, as they headed out. The cavalry and mobile forces were catching up with the infantry, hence the delay. 4th Company led the way.
Veteran [Soldiers] from Liscor’s famed mercenary army. Wing Commander Embria was still under Olesm’s command, though. She hadn’t argued hard, perhaps because Olesm was Liscor’s [Strategist].
Even so, as Olesm rode up and caught his breath, he felt a surreal feeling like the last time they’d done this.
“Off to war.”
It wasn’t far to Hectval’s ‘borders’, just past the Bloodfields, but the Drake city and alliance of three city-states were up a lot of rugged terrain—or some roads that Olesm was sure were fortified. This was no month-long campaign just to get there, and their forces could be anywhere from hiding in the Floodplains to waiting at their city for a siege.
His nerves hummed, and he turned to Embria.
“Ready for the fight, Wing Commander?”
The crimson-scaled Drake blinked one eye as she turned from watching the Antinium marching out of the gates with a frown.
“It’ll be a while before that, I think, Strategist.”
Olesm wavered. He looked across the Floodplains, towards where the High Passes began to shrink into hills and Izril’s south beyond.
“…You think so?”
