Interlude – Queens and Dragons
Page 10
Managing Rafaema’s mood was…tricky. She’d been angry ever since her friend, Dragonspeaker Luciva’s daughter had died. Rafaema made few friends to begin with. She had once been a social child, apparently. But Ferris had read that she’d made fewer and fewer friends with each decade.
That too, had concerned previous Dragonspeakers. Ferris had read their thoughts and the times when Rafaema had reacted to the deaths of her friends over decades. Her entire history was in a book in the vault where she had been protected as an egg.
“You know, even though I didn’t think about it for a long time, Izril doesn’t really change. It’s been over a hundred years and I’ve seen the Humans attack, lose, win, the Walled Cities fight—they nearly took Fissival one time, you know? Pallass. We had wars with the Gnolls, a war with Baleros—I think. Even the King of Destruction. But it never really changed to me.”
Ferris was silent. Rafaema went on.
“The King of Destruction never made it past Zeres. The Goblin King scared everyone, but there was the other one. The Hundred Days one, in Terandria. All of that was the same. To me. I’ve seen it all before. But the Antinium? They’re new.”
She glanced at the Gnoll. Rafaema did train in the practice courts. She was rated highly with a blade, even if she pretended to use Skills. Ferris had heard that Spearmaster Lulv was teaching her to use a spear against the others, who wanted Rafaema to use a sword.
A Dragon with a sword. But since she wore her transformed body, it made sense to let Rafaema learn to use a weapon. The young Dragon shook her head.
“Does your book talk about when I was…ninety, Ferris? Right up until the Antinium arrived?”
“Yes, Lady Rafaema.”
The Dragonspeaker at that time had not been happy. Rafaema had, among other things, entered into a number of relationships, tried almost every illicit substance she could find, and caused a lot of trouble for her wardens. But Dragons couldn’t mate with lesser species. Well—bear offspring.
Rafaema must have read the unspoken words crossing Ferris’ mind. Her eyes narrowed.
“I was lazy. But when the Antinium attacked—they sieged Manus. Even Manus. I wasn’t allowed to fight. Not in the first war, or the second. So I started training. Do you know how long it’s been?”
“Two decades.”
“Yes. But I don’t level. But I trained because I realized the Antinium are a threat. The war council decided to send spies to Liscor. To figure out what’s going on. We thought the Hive there was planning to take over Liscor. But instead—there was that one. Bird. The Hunter. But that’s not what I care about. I want to know about the Human.”
Ah. She’d gotten to the same topic Ferris had seen underlined in a dozen reports. The Human.
“If you want me to find you a summary—”
“I’ve read the summary. It’s all Wyvern crap. A Human who appeared in Liscor. No one knows her nation of origin. She employs Hobgoblins. She’s an [Innkeeper] who led a Goblin army against the Goblin Lord. She’s got ties to the Antinium. She has bear teeth. She can spit blood, arm-wrestle Minotaurs, and she runs about barefoot! I saw her in the battle with the moths. Why doesn’t anyone know about her?”
The Gnoll nodded slightly.
“It’s an oversight, Lady Rafaema. I assume that the [Strategists] didn’t place a high level of credence on the rumors about her. And she was located at Liscor—”
“Our border city with the Humans! Does everyone forget they stopped the Antinium twice?”
