Interlude – Embria
Page 18
And she followed him down the street without another word.
It was just a memory.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn had a lunch crowd. In fact, the lunch crowd was big. Apparently there had been a near-fire, but only the inn’s regulars were disappointed they’d missed that. The rest were here to debate the ongoing election issue. It seemed the Council would be forced to vote on it! And what if they voted no?
Embria and Relc sat removed from it all. They were having lunch, and Embria found herself enjoying it. The blue fruit drink was indeed blue, and such a vivid color that she was immediately uneasy about it. But the taste was as sweet as Relc had claimed, and Embria found herself drinking it with a will. Although she did water hers.
The two were having a slice of Erin’s pizza, another novel taste. Embria picked apart her first slice, then watched as Relc devoured two in quick succession. She had to admire the utilitarian nature of the slice, and even the Players of Celum performing in the back.
“They’re getting better. They’re not nearly as good as the original crew, but this new cast is doing all kinds of fun stuff. They even let you perform some of the roles as the lead while the others do a scene some nights! It’s great!”
Relc was clearly happy to watch the performers on stage. It was all Drathian to Embria, but she listened to him talk about a number of ‘plays’ that made no sense to her. He pointed at the blue fruit juice as she helped herself to another cup.
“You like it? It’s good, right?”
“I do like it. Thanks for dragging me here. It was your first good idea today.”
Embria slyly looked at Relc over the brim of her cup. He mock-bristled.
“Hey! I have plenty of good ideas! Just ask Klb! Not cooking was one of them. You see those burn marks?”
He jerked his thumb towards the kitchen. Embria had to agree.
“Okay. The puzzles were interesting. I had no idea you liked those. Honestly, though. A dog? How long would you keep one for before it died or ran off?”
Relc looked embarrassed.
“It was just a thought. I thought it would be a fun pal, you know? I wouldn’t mistreat it.”
That was…true. Embria had to admit, she couldn’t see Relc deliberately neglecting a dog, or even forgetting to feed it really. A fish? Definitely. A cat? Probably on purpose. But not a dog. She hesitated. Something about it did bug her, though.
“You don’t need a dog. I don’t need a dog or a cat. Or a pet. They’re a distraction for me, and if you got one, it would get in the way if—”
Too late. She bit her tongue. Relc’s convivial gaze sharpened.
“If what? If I…rejoin the army?”
Embria didn’t reply. She was gripping her leg with one claw under the table. She shouldn’t have said it. But it was too late now, and Relc was glowering.
“Yeah, I guess I wouldn’t be allowed a pet, being a lowly [Sergeant]. If I rejoined the army. Which I won’t. Although, now that you mention it—it sorta seems shitty, doesn’t it? No pets, no regular days off, fighting and dying without coming back to Liscor and forgetting all your old friends—hey, it’s almost like there’s more to life than fighting and nearly dying every week.”
He glared at his drink. Embria folded her arms, feeling a spark of indignation flare up in her chest.
“I didn’t bring it up once. That was an accident. You don’t need to bite my tail off.”
“Oh, sure it was. But you keep thinking it’s going to happen, don’t you? And I didn’t see you turning your tail up at all of my hobbies. What’s wrong with them? I’m retired, kid.”
“I didn’t say they were—Senior Guardsman is not retirement, father.”
