Interlude – Two Rats
Page 23
“Bah! The trick was to find as many as you could. What was your record? I got sixteen, but then—”
The Gnolls happily broke out into a debate. They laughed and patted Mrsha’s head, flicking their paws and sending the two rats scurrying across the table, bumping into each other. Lyonette shook her head at last.
“That maybe so, but in this inn, those rats don’t belong. They’re filthy and they could bite. Mrsha, remember Erin’s lesson about hygiene? Throw them out at once!”
She pointed. Mrsha looked up, her mouth and eyes widen in silent protest. But she wanted to keep them! They were funny and they didn’t fly off like Apista. She patted a rat to demonstrate and it went squeak!
The Gnolls laughed heartily, enjoying the distraction. Raekea turned to Lyonette, smiling.
“Miss Lyonette, rats aren’t nearly as filthy as you might think. If these haven’t been living in a sewer, why not let little Mrsha keep them? She’s a Plains Gnoll and I’m sure she did this in her tribe. Come to that, she deserves to run about! That’s probably why she got them to begin with.”
Mrsha nodded rapidly behind Lyonette. The [Princess] frowned. She opened her mouth, hesitated, and put her foot down in both senses of the word.
“Not in my inn. And Mrsha’s my responsibility, thank you, Miss Raekea. I’ll decide what she can and can’t do.”
The Gnoll [Armorer] frowned. She glanced at Mrsha. The Gnoll sulkily held the rats to her chest. They were trying to bite and scratch her fur. The older Gnoll turned back to the Human young woman.
“Miss Lyonette. I understand you take care of Mrsha. But she is a Gnoll. There are some things she should do differently. We are her people; we understand. Let her keep the rats. She’ll tire of them, but she should be free to do things as we did. She is a Gnoll.”
She emphasized the word again and the Gnolls around her nodded. Lyonette hesitated. She glanced at Mrsha and bit her lip.
“I—”
And that was it. Into that gap, all the Gnolls spoke at once, stories about when they were young, things Mrsha should be allowed to do. Raekea winked at Mrsha and the little Gnoll beamed at her. She clutched the rats and hurried off. Lyonette nearly followed her, but the Gnolls held her back, arguing, cajoling.
In another corner of the inn, Mrsha lowered the rats when she felt a tug at her fur. The grey rat was biting a tuft of her fur. Mrsha, amused, pulled at it, but the rat refused to let go. She frowned as the other rat dangled and pulled.
Ow! The rat had her hair and was chewing at it. Mrsha fumbled with her paws, trying to remove the tiny mouth. As she pulled, the grey rat suddenly let go. She twisted and before Mrsha could catch hold of her, bit Mrsha on the paw.
It hurt! Mrsha dropped the pair of rats with a silent cry. It drew the attention of few people, but one [Innkeeper] broke off from her conversation with Rufelt and Lasica and looked up blankly for a second. In her corner, Mrsha felt at the small bite and saw it had drawn blood!
Just a little. But it hurt. And Mrsha was suddenly furious. Bad rats! She raised a paw and smacked the grey rat. It tried to pull its brother away. She smacked it again. Bad things deserved punishment! Like the Minotaur. She smacked the rat, and then the other one as he tried to bite her paw.
This was discipline! She swatted at them, hearing them squeak. Again and again—
Until the [Innkeeper] called her name.
 
—-
 
