Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 0

(The Last Tide is now available for purchase! Please consider buying the comic, and thanks for making this possible!)
 
The sack of flour was nondescript, but marked by a…city with a tree growing out of it? Erin Solstice peered at it.
“What’s this?”
“Oteslia’s symbol. It must be what you ordered, Erin.”
Lyonette du Marquin paid the Street Runner who’d brought it into the inn. Erin Solstice stared at the bag.
Oteslia? She didn’t know much about it. About the other cities, beyond Salazsar and Pallass, really. That dude Ferris kept talking up Manus, but Erin had heard it was called the ‘City of War’, so it wasn’t high on her to-see list.
Yet—here it was. The [Innkeeper] opened the sack and found…flour. But instead of being some shade of white, it was dark as night.
“Whoa.”
The flour was beautifully black, devoid of color. And to look at it—Erin felt, instinctively, that this wasn’t just dyed. It even smelled a tiny bit different than normal flour. And who went around smelling flour?
Erin looked around. It was one of her cooking experts who answered. Palt and Imani had come to investigate the groceries, some of which they’d ordered, like the rice. Long grains, short grains, purple grains…purple rice? Erin shook her head.
“How much did we pay for this?”
The Centaur looked pleased as he and Imani sorted through the shipment.
“Not much. Oteslia does these regular deliveries to all the Walled Cities. It’s pricier of course, but they are the City of Growth.”
“Ooh. That’s what that [Druidess] said. The kidnapping jerk with the spiders.”
Erin frowned. But then she looked at the flour again.
“I thought this was from Terandria?”
“It’s from Noelictus—they export the stuff. Ashwheat, Gloomwren eggs…but Oteslia grows everything, and I mean everything. They must have a few gardens. In Oteslia—everything is available that comes out of the earth, Erin. It’s like your garden actually; they have different biomes. Very beautiful. I’ve never been, but I used to buy, er—supplies from a guy there.”
Erin peered at Palt, narrow-eyed. The Centaur coughed.
“Let’s get this stuff sorted, Imani. What do you want to make tonight?”
“A pilaf? And for sides, maybe…”
Erin let the two walk off with their haul. She was staring at the flour.
“Huh. I guess there’s no excuse, then.”
Numbtongue had wandered over, as he often did when food abounded. Now, the Hobgoblin looked at Erin.
“[Wondrous Fare]?”
Palt’s head slowly turned back. So did Imani’s. Lyonette looked around for Mrsha. The [Innkeeper] nodded slowly.
[Wondrous Fare].
 
—-
 
This time…she had prepared for this. Erin Solstice was a poor chef.
No, she really was. Aside from her penchant to make fast food—she was just not into cooking for the joy of it. Making food for Erin was about people eating it. The process could be annoying. In that sense she might have been a halfway decent [Cook]…
But Numbtongue had prompted her to try. So this time—Erin Solstice dragged the bag of flour into a dark room, a new part of The Wandering Inn she’d asked to be reserved for her purposes alone.
A few people peeked into the room and watched as Erin set up. Octavia, because Erin needed squid ink, other edible dark dyes, black rice, blackberries, black tea leaves, garlic—and yes, it was the dark variety—
There was a lot of food that fit Erin’s theme for the dish in her head. Even potatoes—although they were actually more purple than midnight in color.
“How do you know what you’re making, Erin?”
