Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 27
Down, down, through the rich hallways of the Emir’s palace. He was rich. Fetohep-rich? Well, perhaps richer. Not in age, but Yazdil controlled a portion of Roshal, one of, if not the richest ports in the world. They were the center of the slave trade, and there was no other comparable economy save perhaps that for war.
And Roshal could do war as well. Their people crisscrossed Chandrar and parts of the other continents, taking ransomed prisoners, trading…
The Emir had everything he could want. He had all the people he could want and was always looking out for more. He was not always happy; he could be in terribly petty moods.
For instance, he had sulked for nearly two weeks when it came out that Empress Nsiia had been made a political prisoner rather than taken captive by another nation. But if you asked the Emir Yazdil what he wanted to change about ‘now’, he would say, ‘absolutely nothing’. And have Iert show you the door.
And he meant it. Really, truly, he wanted this to be his life. And why not? Who could really want more? There were [Kings] who would beg for this life.
That was why it was so disturbing, so unfair. The Naga sighed as he stopped in the bowels of his palace, over the leyline of magic. Where his security was strongest, and where not even the greatest [Assassins] or [Rogues] or spells would penetrate.
This is where he created his servants. It was not a place Iert or any of the others liked to go.
Yazdil had modeled it after the Assassin’s Guild. He had studied other organizations and the Guild of Assassins in Roshal had ways of training their Ranks. Yazdil did not have the thousands of years to perfect his methods, but he did well enough. They had created a cheap, practically zero-cost training course for creating competent, if low-level [Assassins] who were very loyal.
It wasn’t hard. Yazdil could do it. All he needed was a cornucopia-type artifact which could provide somewhat nourishing food, a pocket-dimension, and of course, a system whereby new [Assassins] were trained by old ones.
But as cheap as that was, Yazdil paid for more…effective methods with his people. He passed door after door, some of which led into entire complexes by themselves. Plenty of space. People in progress.
He stopped at one. The Emir took a sip from the potion and sighed. This was…a special case. Normally, he selected only the best. Someone with a talent that defined them, or maybe just physical beauty, a perfection of something. And he would improve them, make them better than when they met.
That was skill. That was art. This would not have been Yazdil’s first choice. But the uniqueness…
Well, he wasn’t acting like he normally did. The Naga pushed open the door. He slithered in. Someone jumped as he entered the rather nice home.
Bedroom, living room, even a kitchen and bathroom. It was a nice place to live, if you forgot that there was no door out until the Naga opened it. It closed behind him as he smiled.
“Hello, Kent. Are you feeling better today?”
The young man stared at the Emir Yazdil. He looked…ill. He had been sick with the flu. One of the lovely young women that the Emir had brought to make Kent happy had made him sick.
“I’m—better, Emir. Thank you.”
He looked pale. The Naga double-checked his amulet was secure; like Rhir’s hells he was catching this.
“I hate to trouble you, Kent. But I would simply enjoy it if you were able to spare me an hour or two. It’s that day again.”
“Of course, Emir.”
