Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 17
In a good mood, Merrik strode over to the table. The others looked at him. Yerranola winked; she had a good intuition for this sort of thing. Feshi sniffed the air and Wil and Venaz turned from a debate over Pheislant’s land forces.
“Hey Merrik, Peki. Come to join in the learning?”
“No.”
Merrik kicked Peki under the table. Peki being Peki, she kicked back. Merrik muffled an oath as his eyes watered.
“Well—I can’t say I’ll ever captain a ship. Leave that to the experts like Lasc here. But I can respect Wil and the rest for learning to send ships across the ocean! Say, Feshi. You wouldn’t mind teaching me some of the logistical side of things, would you? Never hurts to know more. And I’m—”
“No.”
The female Gnoll smiled at Merrik across the table, baring her teeth slightly. Merrik paused.
“What, not even a few lessons? I was hoping—”
“No. I’m not interested, Merrik.”
The Dwarf’s face went flat. The others looked at each other. Venaz raised his eyebrows, looking hugely entertained. Merrik spluttered.
“I wasn’t insinuating—I was just asking—”
The Gnoll [Strategist] gave Merrik a look and he shut up. She held up a few fingers.
“Firstly, you’ve washed and you’ve oiled your beard. Second, I can smell you. And third—”
The Dwarf deflated. Peki was smiling.
“Yes?”
Feshi gave him a grin.
“I’ve heard people trying that before. I’m not an idiot. Sorry, Merrik. But no thank you.”
The others laughed. Merrik turned red, but he laughed along good-naturedly too.
“Damn! Well, there goes my options!”
“What? With this pristine body here? I’m only slightly rotted—oh wait. This is my wrong body.”
Yerra sniffed at her slightly decomposing flesh. She glanced quickly at Peki. The Garuda was staring at Wil and Venaz. They shuffled their feet. Peki was very unsubtle. It was one of her flaws as a [Commander], actually. Then she started staring at Lasc.
The [Captain] grinned. But he turned to Merrik.
“Sorry, sir. Heard you and your lot were going stir-crazy below decks. Happens to all first-timers.”
“Rejected.”
Peki whispered. Merrik’s rueful laughter cut off. He turned and growled.
“That’s it! I’ve had enough of you, you giant chicken! Upstairs! We’ll settle this, once and for all!”
Peki grinned. The two shot out of the cabin. Slightly worried, the other students and the two [Sailors] stared after them.
By the time they got upstairs, the fight was underway. Sailors looked up from their tasks as the Dwarf and Garuda strode to a clear patch of deck. Merrik had grabbed his helmet and armor and he was donning them fast as he could. Peki, being Peki, was helping him. As Wil got above decks she leapt back, and then kicked across the deck.
“You blasted bird!”
Merrik raised a shield. The Garuda struck it and the impact and crash of sound made everyone turn. Merrik barely moved.
The Dwarf had a shield and in his plate armor he was like a rock on the deck. Peki darted right and left, lunging forwards to attack in a flurry of blows, but Merrik let the impacts rain on his armor and blocked with his shield. He lashed out with his hammer, but Peki was far too fast.
“You’ll never break my guard, Peki!”
“And you’re slow.”
The Garuda flew up and dropped in an axe kick. Merrik swore as he blocked. The impact cracked the deck. The Dwarf swore, as he raised his hammer.
“You’ve tried that in training! Take this! [Giant’s Hammer—”
“Lower your weapons and stop fighting on my ship or I’ll throw your guts overboard and the rest of you with it!”
Captain Lasc bellowed as he advanced on the two fighters. Peki hesitated and Merrik turned. Both stared at the broken planks on the deck.
