Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 30
Venaz was self-critiquing his part of the battle. Which was funny—he was insufferably sure of himself, but in victory he never failed to give himself the hardest time.
“You’re not a trained sailor, Venaz. Even Delivan didn’t realize it was the jellyfish. Lasc did. That’s his job. I didn’t even do much.”
Wil grumbled. He was having a morning drink. He wasn’t a drinker, but the sea was turning his blood alcoholic. The Minotaur shifted.
“Even so, we have to be our best. And what if we’d had to take the fight into the water? I’m seeing more of my weaknesses. I should have studied more on underwater combat in the Isles of Minos.”
“But we could have helped better. We should have taken up a position to help manage the crew from the start, yes? We didn’t even prepare for that. We should have coordinated with Lasc.”
Feshi pointed out reasonably. Wil nodded. He glanced at Yerra.
“Why did you tell us to get below, Yerra?”
“Well, the sailor was wounded. And you and Feshi aren’t fighters, Wil. Not really.”
“Neither are you.”
The young man looked miffed. The Selphid grinned.
“But I’m wearing a dead body. I don’t take wounds like the rest of you. Merrik and Peki get a pass, but even Venaz should be more careful. He’s good, but he’s not exactly a [Warrior], right? Lasc proved that. You need to be careful.”
“Ah, but there’s no safety in a ship battle, Miss Yerra. If the jellyfish had penetrated the hold, all those below decks would have been just as threatened. More, if the slugs came down the stairs. Nowhere to run.”
That came from Inky. She was having a drink. The students had invited her to join them and the [Storm Sailor] was enjoying it. Lasc had granted the leave; the [Storm Sailors] were lounging about as the regular [Sailors] worked hard. The privileges of risking your life.
“True enough. But there is something to protecting [Strategists]. Remember Orthenon hacking apart Belchan’s elites and their [Mages]?”
Merrik put in. He and Peki were cleaning his armor. The jellyfish gunk was hard to get rid of. The Garuda nodded.
“Lots of dead [Strategists].”
The other students glared at her. Yerra was raising her hands as she looked at Wil.
“Just trying to keep you safe, Wil. You only get one body. Be a shame for Kallinad’s best [Lord] to get hurt!”
Wil turned red.
“Don’t say that. I hate being treated like…”
“A [Lord]? You shouldn’t have been a [Strategist], then. Yerra’s right. If we had to pull slugs off you, you’d have been a hindrance. You still used your Skills. Nice one—I wish I had [Lucky Dodge]. Commanders only get a few good battalion-wide Skills. We sacrifice a lot to be good fighters as well. But [Strategists] get lots. Still, you’re fragile.”
Merrik could be remarkably blunt when he wanted to. Wil sighed. But that was that. Inky grinned.
“Is this what being a student is? I could do that. Talking about tactics and whatnot while drinking.”
“The Professor doesn’t let us drink in class. But we make up for it after class. You might enjoy it, Inky.”
“Except for the time he did let us drink. Remember? Kissilt was saying that it didn’t matter? So he had us play games increasingly drunk?”
The entire group shuddered as one. The Titan had made them drink. And he’d proven with exacting detail how it impaired them as [Strategists] and how many [Soldiers] they lost due to sloppy mistakes.
