Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 21
“Every Tallguard recruit asks that. I did too. I have a book—well, you’re not going to be able to read it so I’ll just tell you. Yes, we tried. It never works out. Think about us living next to a tiny Human village. Here’s what happens: we trade, we get a lot of stuff for cheap! Humans can give us enough food to last a lifetime for nothing, a single bottle of alcohol…dead gods. And we can help too! There are things Fraerlings can make.”
“Like your magic.”
“Exactly.”
Ekrn indicated his superior crossbow, which he’d ragged on Paige’s simple wood one for. It was sleek, metal, and Fraerlings had screws, nails, and quality steel because they could never run out of raw metal, unlike Humans.
“It’s all great for generations. Until one day, a Rhir-damned Human brat decides he’s mad and throws a stone at a Fraerling village. It’s always children. They swing a fist, and murder a Fraerling man. Or—someone lets a puppy roam about and it sees our home and comes in to take a bite.”
Luan winced.
“And then?”
“The Human or dog loses an eye. Or we kill. Tallguard don’t play games. But imagine what happens then? It gets ugly. It just takes one drunk, Luan. One careless step…and when Tallfolk and Fraerling fight, one side bleeds, and the other gets squashed.”
So there it was. Ekrn had laid out the issue. Luan didn’t really need telling, but he appreciated it from Ekrn’s perspective. He sat, hands on his knees.
“I don’t want to endanger Paeth, Ekrn. I could swear on truth spell again. Truly, I don’t. I admire your community and I would do anything to keep it safe.”
The [Sentry Leader] looked at Luan. He scratched his head, looking…well, different. Not as hostile. Not—Luan realized—as deliberately hard, thinking he had to kill this Tallfolk to preserve his city. Somehow, the giant and the man had made friends, and that was what Ekrn was wrestling with.
“You know, I believe you. If I’d thought otherwise—I believe you’re a decent Human, Luan. It’d be easier if you weren’t.”
“I’m sorry for being decent, sir. I’ll do better.”
Ekrn laughed, and then glowered.
“Stop making me laugh! Listen, Luan. I’ll make you a deal. The Architects will come up with something to make sure everything’s ‘safe’. But right here, right now, you make me a promise. You never tell anyone. Not your friends, not your lover. Maybe you’ll slip up. Maybe the Architects’ trick doesn’t work, but you don’t ever let trouble come here. Or else.”
“What’s the threat?”
Ekrn fixed Luan with a stare.
“The threat is every Tallguard in Baleros knowing your name. Maybe Paeth vanishes. Maybe you wipe out all of Feiland. Someday, you’ll be walking along and a tiny little man will put a Tier 6 scroll in your pocket. Or you’ll be sleeping and someone comes through a crack in your window. That’s my threat. Got it?”
The Human giant was tempted to say something in reply. Something about threats or…he met Ekrn’s gaze and just accepted it.
“Understood.”
“Good. Threat’s done.”
Ekrn sighed hugely, and sat back down. He groaned, massaged his neck—then looked at Luan again.
“I had to tell you what the stakes are. Now—let’s negotiate. Worst-case scenario, you keep silent because you know what’ll happen. Best case…?”
“We become friends?”
Luan smiled. Ekrn snorted.
“You sound like a child.”
“I’m a big believer in stories where everything works out well. The giant and the little folk meeting. Or didn’t you say you read the same stories?”
The Sentry Leader looked ruefully away.
“And here I told Noa she had a big mouth. Damn.”
