Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 12
“Most [Warriors], [Soldiers], and [Guards] are physically fit enough to endure combat, but for how long? Ten minutes? Thirty? An hour? Good leaders know to rotate in fresh fighters, and most battles are very quick. Additionally, [Soldiers] may use a pike or heavier weapon like a maul, but most are using swords that weigh a few pound at most. Extensive training to lift heavy weights only happens with [Blacksmiths], [Laborers], [Farmers], and so on, which is why they can become such powerful [Soldiers]. But muscle can be an asset, and these weights provide a completely new way to achieve that goal with limited time and effort!”
He had a good point. Erin was surprised, but while male and female Gnolls could hit that benchmark of two hundred pounds by and large, both genders of Drakes struggled and only a handful of the female Drakes could do it. They did not have a lifter’s physique; they were trained to fight, not work out.
But one complimented the other. And there were exceptions. Relc did three hundred pounds, grunting and grinning, and so did Moore and Jelaqua. They hit four hundred—Jelaqua didn’t even blink as Relc growled. Moore had to tap out after five hundred; he couldn’t get the bar up.
“Come on, Moore! You can do better! Uh—I think I tore a muscle.”
Jelaqua cursed as she got her bar up. Relc was swearing as the 4th Company cheered him on. Moore rubbed at his shoulders.
“I don’t like doing that.”
“You can see that Skills can have a powerful effect, but this is in a [Spearmaster] and Selphid adventurer’s case. I submit that muscle is certainly useful—but when balanced. Overtraining one area of muscles simply unbalances the body. I have created a workout plan and exercises along with my theories on the optimal development of the body of a whole…”
Grimalkin was enjoying himself. And so was the rest of the room. New things were great. Strength training was great…among a certain group of people. But they’d also quickly caught onto the other aspect Erin was familiar with from her world—competition.
“Gah! That’s so heavy!”
Relc eventually lost to Jelaqua who pushed up a massive bar loaded with weights. The Selphid grinned—and then her smile slipped.
“Aw. I think I just snapped half my body’s muscles. Hey! Help me get this down—”
Pelt yawned as he effortlessly curled a two-hundred pound dumbbell. But he grinned when Hawk had to struggle to do the same. Erin was just beginning to grow sick of the smell of sweat and Relc going ‘yeah!’ when she heard Grimalkin speaking.
“Anyone who would like to participate, you may join the weights room now. I will broadcast this session with commentary, ladies and gentledrakes.”
Erin saw other people pushing into the room. She lifted her tray of oranges and water as the tired test group abandoned the machines.
“Oranges! Water! Good for you! I think! Lemons too! Wait, are those good for you?”
Grimalkin had told her to get both since Erin couldn’t remember. The Drake glanced at her as the weight-lifters converged on her citrus fruits and water. He spoke into the mirror.
“That reminds me. There are optimal dietary intakes to build muscle. I am certain that there are correlations between the intake of certain food groups and growth more effectively.”
He glanced at Erin and she winced. She headed over to him with her tray as Relc gulped down water.
“Uh, do you want an orange, Grimalk—”
“Refreshments to the side, Miss. Please clear the work area.”
Grimalkin spoke brusquely, gesturing to a table that had been set up. Erin paused.
“Excuse me.”
