Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 14
Grev grinned at her. Mrsha didn’t like the ‘kid’ bit. But she saw Grev tug and out of the crowd came a little, bawling…
Boy? Yes, a little boy! He was all snotty and crying. Grev showed him to Mrsha; the boy was very young.
“This here’s Cade. Mind helpin’ me find Briganda? This is her boy and he’s snottin’ up something fierce wanting her.”
“Mom!”
Cade wailed. Mrsha realized Briganda must have forgotten about him in the heat of being caught up with all these new people. And Cade had wandered into The Wandering Inn through the door, rather than staying in Redit’s care. A failure on multiple sides, although Briganda would probably kick Redit into the wall.
“She’s around here somewhere. But all these adults are getting in the way!”
Grev groused as the inn filled to maximum, despite the [Grand Theatre] Skill. Mrsha looked around. Even she couldn’t see over the crowd, but she knew where the adventurers were…roughly.
The problem was that Grev and Mrsha might have dodged the many legs, but Cade was slow and much less nimble. Mrsha regarded him. Then she tapped Grev on the shoulder.
“What? What? What’s that paw-stuff? Oh, right. Can’t speak, can you?”
Mrsha rolled her eyes as the [Street Urchin] squinted at her. She pointed at the nearest wall and Grev tugged Cade over.
“C’mon, Cade. Your mom’s not far. Stop crying, would you? I should’ve gone with Jasi and the lot, but I’ve seen all the plays dozens of times…here. Look, this’ Mrsha. She’ll help you find your mom, see?”
Cade stopped crying as Grev pointed at Mrsha. He was clutching his magical little box in his other hand, but he dropped it as he stared at the white Gnoll. His mouth dropped open.
“Dog?”
Mrsha shook her head. Then she jerked backwards; the little boy was trying to pet her head!
Grev sighed as he scooped up Cade’s precious toy.
“Not a dog, Cade. A Gnoll. Don’t pet her head! What’s this, Mrsha? That’s a wall. We going around the edge of the room? Might work.”
He critically eyed Mrsha. She shook her head and pointed. Grev was a kid of the street. But in his way he knew his world. He was asking her, a [Hunter] in her domain, where to go.
She had ways. Grev’s eyes lit up as Mrsha walked towards a wall and motioned. He stared as the magical entrance appeared, showcasing a grassy hill, a jungle to the left. His jaw dropped.
The Garden of Sanctuary. Cade stopped crying through his eyes and nose entirely.
“Blooming rat shit. That Miss Erin got even weirder than I remember. No one’ll ever believe this!”
Grev strode up towards the door. Mrsha raced forwards as guests of the inn turned, and Grev, Cade, and a few Drakes and Gnolls tried to follow her. All ran smack into the invisible barrier.
Cade began to cry again. Grev felt at the magical barrier, frowning, as some of the adults pushed. But that [Druid]—Nathal-whatever—hadn’t broken the entry mechanism. Mrsha frowned.
Normally Erin had to let them in, but Mrsha had assumed Grev and Cade, as children, were on her list. But apparently not. Still—Mrsha needed them to come through.
So she tried it. She padded over and grabbed both’s hands. Then Mrsha tried to pull them into the garden.
There was resistance, but Mrsha felt both pulling forwards. Cade and Grev yelped, not exactly in pain, and Mrsha ­heaved. There was a pop and both tumbled forwards.
Into the Garden of Sanctuary. Grev immediately got up and stared around.
“No way. It’s grass and stuff! And it even smells nice!”
“It’s pretty.”
