Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 6
Hm. Clay. It was quick-fired, clearly a fast creation. He could see some cracking disguised around the seams. The artist had forgone paint—a wise move. Statues painted always had this garish look to them. He’d even gotten the clay to her skin tone. However…the anatomy was just off.
Femithain had seen Nsiia topless. Also, naked. The artist of this Golem clearly had not—and he also had a poor understanding of how breasts worked. He’d clearly seen the real thing before—but had decided ‘art’ need not obey gravity.
The Magus-Crafter had a headache. And it wasn’t even mid-morning. He rubbed at his head again and addressed the Watch Captain.
“Nsiia abdicated her throne with the surrender of Tiqr. She is not an [Empress] and it is politic to remember that, Watch Captain. Furthermore, the ‘resistance’ in Tiqr lead by General Vasraf is in fact, an unlawful rebellion. Please adjust your comments accordingly.”
“Of course, Magus-Crafter.”
Chastened, the Watch Captain saluted and stared back at the statue.
“The uh, Golem, Magus-Crafter?”
“Have young Siddin remove it.”
“He claims—”
“I heard. Crafter Siddin! You will return this Golem to your workshop now! Or it will be destroyed as a public nuisance!”
The Magus-Crafter used a spell to enhance his voice and called out to the Crafter who had created the Golem. He was kneeling in front of the Golem-Nsiia, and supplicating the real one in Femithain’s quarters, at a higher elevation from the plaza.
“You can’t stop me! I dedicate this to the Empress of Beasts! Make Tiqr free once more! I—”
“Take a sledgehammer to the statue. Arrest Siddin and have him escorted to his family’s estates.”
The Magus-Crafter ignored the wail as the young Crafter tried to protect his golem. He walked off, sighing. Siddin’s family might object—or they might not. Either way—he resolved to have a word with Nsiia.
It wasn’t that people sympathized with the definitely-a-prisoner Nsiia that was the problem. Or that they supported Tiqr. It was a problem if Illivere did that, but Femithain had reassured the other rulers that it was just a small movement. He could always deal with that if it grew louder.
The real issue, as far as he was concerned, was that this was the sixth time someone had caused an incident like this. Nsiia was encouraging them. She was certainly bored, but enough was enough.
 
—-
 
“Nsiia. I would like to ask you to stop encouraging these young Crafters to their…adoration of you. They waste time, resources, and get themselves in trouble creating odes to you. Like the Golem that attempted to sing outside my workshop.”
Femithain broached the issue at a late breakfast, twelve minutes later. Nsiia looked up from an almost-raw strip of meat she was eating. Femithain stared at her over his morning cup of stamina potion and a banana.
They both gave each other disdainful looks for the other’s meal and Nsiia chewed her mouthful before replying.
“I don’t encourage them. They just show up.”
“You sit on the roof. Occasionally, nude. And you have agreed to model for two of the young Crafters who later proclaimed their undying fealty towards you.”
Nsiia’s lips twitched.
“At their request. And what’s wrong with sitting on rooftops?”
Femithain sighed. She was determined not to give him this. He could be diplomatic. Femithain was known as a calm, patient negotiator. However, he was also adaptable.
“Stop encouraging them, please. Or I will have to make an example of the next one.”
