Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 28
“To transport liquids safely. It was a novelty item, but I think it’s still working. I had numerous issues in the joints—the distribution of weight and so on. Not to mention different commands for moving the legs. It took me eight times as long as any other regular Golem and I swore never to try it again. These Golem Horses are relics—Illivere has fourteen working.”
This Golem Carriage was reserved for the Magus-Crafter, but there were a few operational. Like many carriage services, they allowed for fast travel, and in the case of Golem Horses—faster than almost any other beast since the Golems never tired or slowed.
Still, Elbe would take six hours to reach. Femithain was attending a meeting of First Crafters to debate declaring war on Reim. He had assured Nsiia he would speak against—until it was expedient to do so. In either case, Nsiia was reassured that Illivere would not be marching to war against Reim. It was too far and there was nothing to gain. The First Crafters and the state’s representatives just needed reassurance and to talk it out.
So they had time. The Testing would begin in three days—it would be a two-day trip there and back with a conference likely to run into the night. Domehead would be ready to compete by then, unless some disaster happened in the workshop.
Femithain was more interested in the Testing than the conference. He was treating this like a little excursion for Nsiia. A tour, rather. So he organized two stops.
“Elbe’s academy and the Purifier will be our stops. I think even with the Purifier we will have time to visit the schools…first. The other representatives will take longer than we. Let me add the changes to the Golem.”
He spoke to the Golem Horse and it stomped the ground and nodded in a disarmingly Human fashion. Nsiia raised an eyebrow.
“Sentient-class?”
“Not at all. Just the height of Autonomous. There’s no need to give a Golem Horse actual thought.”
Femithain touched the horse delicately, as one would a piece of art, almost as if ashamed to put flesh to such a masterpiece. Indeed—the Golem Horse was pristine, being carefully inspected after every run. A regular horse might have envied the treatment.
Nsiia got into the carriage and felt it move into steady motion. She settled back and Femithain checked his notes.
“So…tell me more about Golems?”
It was almost disappointing how willing Femithain was to talk about construction techniques, magical bindings—he didn’t go into specifics, but Nsiia learned far more than she had hoped to complete her Golem Cat. All she needed was to add the Golem’s Heart, really. And the next one—
 
—-
 
Three hours, later, Nsiia was rubbing at one ear as Femithain, who hadn’t stopped talking about Golems the entire time, continued his sermon on irregular Golem types.
“—flying Golems are virtually nonexistent for those reasons. Ones with nebulous shapes are simply too complex unless the Golem’s Heart and spells are that advanced. As Crafter Se often says—a Golem is a complete thing. It cannot have any gaps, so conventional Golems are always a ‘shell’. There are records of Wind Golems existing, but the magic would be a Tier 6 equivalent at least, and not one Tier 6 spell but dozens all forming a single enchantment…”
“So Illivere has lost much of its advanced Golem-making knowledge?”
Nsiia summed up the last thirty minutes of lecturing. Femithain nodded.
“Illivere is ancient. The Golem Empires of old collapsed and destroyed most of the knowledge…Elbe actually has one of our last relics of those times. It was not lost so much as willfully discarded.”
