Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 46
He had done it. Erin would never forgive him. Olesm had watched the Antinium march back, the wounded, the survivors.
And he sent them into battle again. While they burned out—
He saved the sparks.
Erin’s fire raced through part of the army. Olesm’s heart squeezed as he saw Ishkr’s gift. But Maviola’s legacy burned brighter still.
“High-level Antinium—mark target!”
“We have a [Scattershot] on our position. Marking squad for—”
Manus’ babble was perfectly audible through the pilfered speaking stone Olesm was holding. How stupid of them. Did they think Olesm couldn’t tap their lines? He looked at the squads they were marking.
It wasn’t just one Antinium or two. It seemed like dozens of [Crusaders] were suddenly manifesting high-level Skills.
Because they were. Olesm looked down and saw one of Bepol’s two Antinium squads on the front. Survivors.
Members of squads who’d been nearly wiped out. Veterans he rotated into back lines or safer engagements. Out of Manus’ crosshairs.
Because they couldn’t read the [Crusader]’s levels any more than Olesm could. Now, the Antinium who had waited so long ran straight into Manus’ ranks. Olesm lifted a claw.
“Now.”
The Level 21 [Commander] used his new Skill.
“[Our Suffering We Returned Twofold]. Antinium! Push Manus back.”
His voice boomed across the battlefield. He saw Lulv look at him. Olesm saw the first showers of arrows coming from Manus’ side and stepped back.
“Shields up.”
He took cover as he watched. This time—there was no [Lady] of fire to break Hectval’s lines. There was no need for it.
The [Crusaders] began to burn.
 
——
 
“Kill them all. No quarter until they’re all dead. Not one step back.”
Lulv was prepared to die on this battlefield. He’d run that Drake with the spear through and cut her stomach. The Soldier, Yellow Splatters, was moving back with Pawn under guard.
They all had to die. Even if Lulv died—he saw what Olesm had done.
“Counter-levelling. Not one escapes. Do you understand?”
“Affirmative, sir!”
Even if he sacrificed half of his command—the Antinium’s grand experiment here would fail. That was what Lulv believed.
Then he saw something strange.
A Worker stood in his squad, fighting with those pink, flaming blades. [Crusaders] died around him. Manus’ [Soldiers] went down too, but they pressed on.
The Worker was stumbling. Wounded. He raised his shield as a Drake came for him. The last Worker in his squad looked around.
Then his eyes flashed. Lulv’s spear twitched as he saw the Worker raise his shield and the [Pike Expert] trying to run him through recoiled in a blaze of light.
“What?”
When Lulv saw him again, the Worker was a foot taller. Soldiers did a double-take as a giant Worker swung a sword, hatchet, and pair of shields, knocking down Manus’ [Soldiers].
The [Templar] lifted his sword to the sky and seemed really disappointed when a giant blade didn’t erase everything in front of him. However, he charged.
“Death.”
He ran into Lulv. The Gnoll took a heavy blow on his spear and then rammed it through the chestplate. He saw the Antinium fighting and twisted the spear.
No more of you! Not one remains! The Gnoll howled at the strange sky overhead.
Then he saw another strange Antinium appear. And another.
 
——
 
First it was one. They all remembered him.
Crusader 51 had been the first. Another [Crusader] reached the limit of his class. More. I call for more.
They had leveled. They had suffered. They believed.
Their classes began to change. The [Spearmaster] tried to kill them. Manus marked targets. But this time—there were too many of them.
“Hold the line! We fight alone.”
