Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 8
“Do you hear their replies as words, Nsiia? Or is it just impressions? Guesswork?”
“They have their own thoughts. No language, and no words. But I’ve had much practice. I was ruler of Tiqr.”
The woman settled back. She looked content—then sad—then playful again. Femithain wasn’t fooled by the last expression.
There sat the woman who had been [Empress of Beasts], ruler of Tiqr, a land blessed by many wild friends, a proud nation who had stood amongst its peers and refused to bow when every nation within a hundred miles of its borders declared war. Nsiia had been a powerful ruler.
Now she was his prisoner. A guest? Certainly better-treated than in Savere or Nerrhavia’s Fallen. But a prisoner nonetheless.
“I hear Roshal made another bid for you to sell me to them. And Savere. How much was it this time?”
“Hm. Eight hundred thousand gold pieces and numerous gifts by Roshal. About a tenth of that and threats from Savere. And promises that I very much doubt could be enforced by contract.”
Nsiia blinked as she sipped from her tea cup.
“They couldn’t make that off me even in an open auction. Or could they? If they could, I should be flattered.”
“I understand it’s the prestige of selling an [Empress] that motivates Emir Yazdil and the other [Slavers] to make such an oversized offer.”
“And? When am I leaving?”
Nsiia smiled playfully. Femithain reached for his bag of holding and produced a small notebook. It was magical, and contained many times more pages than the slim binding indicated. It had all of his records, from taxes to resources to personal notes.
“Hm. Three days from now.”
Nsiia blinked. She stared at Femithain’s face, and then started laughing. He smiled slightly at his own joke.
“I forget you have a sense of humor! I nearly believed—you should have called in one of the guards to escort me to my room and shackled me!”
“That would have been cruel, not a joke.”
“Not in Tiqr. I’d have done that. Just for an hour.”
The two sat there, chuckling over breakfast. Femithain was checking the position of the sun and the sun dial he’d had installed by the pool just for such occasions.
“Nearly time. I must oversee Dellva’s entry into the competition. Nsiia, do you still wish to tour Elbe?”
“I do. I’m too tired of Demarsel and since you won’t let me leave the city because I’d steal a horse and ride off—I will gladly join you in Elbe.”
She stretched. Elbe was the capital of one of the neighboring city-states. The nation’s capital was Demarsel—for now. That was because Femithain belonged to the state of Dellva, whose capital was Demarsel. When the next Magus-Crafter was elected, the head of Illivere would shift. It bothered Illivere and the Crafters not at all, but it was apparently exceedingly annoying to the [Diplomats] and [Emissaries] who were assigned to the federation.
“Two hours, then. We will take to the roads then. Excuse me.”
Femithain rose, placed his cup on his plate so the staff would be spared the extra effort of combining the two themselves, and left. Nsiia watched him go, all efficiency and order.
She sat there for a bit, until she heard the housekeeping coming. Instead of greeting them, Nsiia leapt from Femithain’s balcony over to hers. It was a decent gap, but she did the jump effortlessly, moving as nimbly as an animal.
[Cat’s Grace]. [Gazelle’s Leap]. What were spells for others were Skills for Nsiia. She still had them—even if her [Empress] class was gone. Some of her greater Skills were missing, though. The Laughing Brigade’s Skill was gone. Her royal abilities—likewise missing.
“For the best, in some ways.”
