Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 13
“I do not have issue with anyone who will tell me they despise slavery and make reasoned arguments against it. That is their will, and I will accept that even if I disagree. What bothers me are those who object to slavery and point to Roshal as the heart of all evil, while ignoring and condoning it in their lands. Lord Alchremm, I beg you stay at least a few more days to reconsider.”
The Terandrian [Lord] could hardly have missed how angry some of the other [Emirs] were, and consented with ill-grace despite his distaste. Thus, the Emir demonstrated his serpentine tongue regardless of form.
What was said next was most important, though. As the Emirs and [Slave Owners] engaged in hot debate around the subject and morality of slavery, the Emir spoke in private company, but the contents of which were spread across Roshal in a heartbeat.
“By different names, we maintain the same institution. Roshal is open about it, but hypocrisy I loathe. Munificent and ageless Khelt in all its glories makes better slaves of its citizens than I ever could.”
This provoked uproarious laughter and good humor by all for Khelt was not beloved in Roshal as it forbade slaves. The Emir was not content to let his remarks lie there, however. He remarked to the others as they began to jest about Khelt and its ruler.
“I do not mean to impugn the ruler of Khelt himself. Rather, I have never met Fetohep, but seen and heard of him and I pity few others as much as he. I have seldom seen a [King] chained to a throne as Fetohep of Khelt.”
Such remarks were made in a private gathering, but they were repeated throughout Roshal and more jokes made at Khelt’s expense. It was reported they reached Fetohep of Khelt in time, and the undead ruler’s wrath monumental. However, the Emir Yazdil reportedly had no memory of making the remarks at dinner.
“It was a passing observation, then. The argument around slavery is not one I tend to recall my debates in. Others say ‘this should not be so’. I say it is so. There we disagree and I go about my day.”
 
—-
 
The fourth night occupied Fetohep without a hint of boredom. He finished paying all the [Assassins] and arranging Emir Yazdil’s horrific murder and then relaxed.
Unfortunately, most people had about a third of their day occupied by sleep and other mundane, time-wasting events like eating, excreting, and so on. Fetohep was extraordinarily efficient, and thus found himself sitting on the throne.
He eventually stood up. He reached out mentally and summoned Khelt’s warriors.
Undead skeleton-warriors, armed in rusting metal, rose from the sands as Fetohep walked out of his palace. His servants remained in the palace.
Fetohep stood in a circle of undead warriors. Some had been simple citizens of Khelt. Others had actually fought. All were warriors now.
When they rose on Khelt’s land, they were stronger, faster, deadlier, imbued with the knowledge of combat. Elsewhere? Mindless, weaker. Fetohep’s power extended across his domain and weakened with every mile. If he could have, he would have sent a hundred thousand undead to Roshal for the insult.
But that would be a hundred thousand bodies lost to the desert, turned into an undead horde that might well attack another nation or simply be lost. Fetohep had to rely on politics and gold abroad. But in his kingdom? Even the King of Destruction would beware invading Khelt.
Still. His armies of the dead were one thing. Yet the ruler in this moment had forsaken his robes. He had put on armor.
