Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 68
“Free! Free!”
The Death of Chains laughed. She reached down and embraced the obsidian giant. He changed, shrinking, his skin not changing in color but turning to glass. He looked different, and stood on the ground as she shrank.
“Am I freed? So easily?”
“Like that, brother! You must name yourself! And swiftly, for we must not tarry!”
She looked at him. Shakily, the younger Djinni looked up.
“I—I am Azam’du.”
“Just that?”
The Death of Chains looked astonished. Azam shook his head.
“I was born in chains.”
“Ah. Then we will give you a true name, Azam. Come. You will come with me to safety! To Rhir! But first—I am sorry. I took too long healing. I was nearly dead. My kin woke first and healed me. I tried to regain my strength, but I was too late for Cinaelu.”
She laughed. Azam looked at her.
“For that day? Why?”
The Death of Chains’ eyes were flickering from color to color. Her body appeared white at a distance; because she shifted in shades of prismatic glory with every moment. She shook her head.
“Oh, little brother. You do not know so much. I would tell you—and will! But I waste seconds when my kin are scattered across Chandrar. Now they know I am here. I must free as many as possible! Come with me!”
“I cannot fly.”
Azam hung his head. The Death of Chains reached out and the larger Djinni touched his arms. Pisces saw Azam’s entire being light up. 
“You can with me. Now—only one thing remains. That pitiful thing is what calls itself your master, is it not?”
The lesser Djinni turned, and they saw Igheriz. He had hacked at the Death of Chains’ body—then, as she freed Azam, turned to run. He was still quite visible, fleeing across the sands.
The Djinni reached out and grabbed him. She grew, and plucked him up. She held him, screaming, panicking in one hand and turned to Azam.
“He is not the many who hurt you over the ages—but would you see him dead now, or later? He may suffer an eternity if you will it.”
Azam looked at Igheriz. The man was writhing in the Death of Chains’ huge grip. How small he looked, that monster who had done so much.
Only Azam knew all of it. The Djinni looked at his former owner with wrath—but then shook his head.
“I care not. Let it be done, sister. What—what happens next?”
She smiled and squeezed her hand. A body fell, charred, motionless. Pisces looked at the little figure as it landed. It was done. Just like that. All the…
“We free the others. As many as we can. My presence is a message. Come now—quickly. But before that, we must set things right. I see more chains to break.”
She turned, and the [Slaves] of two caravans shuddered as her eyes fell across them. But unlike Azam—the Death of Chains looked at them. She saw them.
And the [Slavers]. Some [Guards] had just watched, in horror, stunned, disbelieving. The Death of Chains reached out and plucked their heads from their bodies.
“So die all those who hold chains. Let them all tremble! Azam, glorious brother, are these all [Slaves] truly? I see one who is dead and not even my kin, the one you call Death of Magic, can bring her back.”
She knelt, a giant towering over them all even now. Looking down at Cawe.
Azam stirred. His gaze swept over the others and fixed on Pisces. Then—turned. Slowly, the Djinni pointed at the quivering figures.
“Those three. Craven traitors. That one would have escaped but for them and I myself. They were free to choose. I was not. Those two kept slaves themselves until they were taken. That one was a [Slaver].”
The Death of Chains nodded. She looked down at Astotha, Droppe, Shein.
“We were [Slaves].”
