Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 19
And jumped as he saw Bird at the bar. The Antinium was eating—Belgrade and Pawn were enjoying a meal with Lyonette in a private room during her break, but Bird, oblivious to everything, was eating a chicken wing at the bar.
It was breaded. And the Antinium was sitting by himself as no one wanted to be near him; probably why Kevin had been able to order. He stared at Bird. Bird stared at his food.
“…Hey. That’s an Antinium. They’re friendly. Not monsters, got it?”
Drassi poked Kevin in the back. He jumped. She had the shots. He took them, carried them over to the table with his friends, and then came back. Bird was still eating.
“Uh—hey. Cheers.”
Kevin spoke. Bird looked up and the young man took a sip of the powerful, painful, spicy whiskey. It did a lot of good work for what you drank, he knew full well. Bird waved his antennae idly.
“What am I being cheerful about, please?”
“…Stuff. Hey. My name’s Kevin.”
The Worker digested this, and then nodded. He began eating the bird bones as well as the meat.
“I am Bird.”
Kevin looked at him.
“Cool. So, what are you, like—an Ant-person? Nice to meet you.”
“That is correct.”
“So—why’s your name Bird?”
The Antinium looked up again, as if surprised this conversation was still ongoing.
“I like birds.”
Kevin nodded agreeably.
“I like ‘em too. You mean, like…chicken? Turkeys and stuff?”
Bird nodded, and then his mandibles drew together. He paused, and then edged over on his seat. He gave Kevin a long stare.
“…What is this ‘turkey’ you mention? And please explain other stuff, which may be birds.”
And Kevin made a friend.
 
—-
 
They strolled in as gentle as you please. Coins to the doorman, a doff of the cap. And they walked in, proper as you like.
Manners mattered, after all. And the pair of them, while certainly unique, attracted less attention than you might think. After all, with a [Lady] whose hair ran like fire, and Antinium about, much less a half-Giant in his seat and a white Gnoll harassing the tables, who was to notice a pair of smartly-dressed sorts?
Anyone with an eye for such things. But everyone was distracted who might pick up on the clues. And the two made no effort to distinguish themselves.
Aside from common courtesy. The shorter one—and he was short compared to the tall fellow who was more brick than man—touched his cap as he sat.
“We’re much obliged for the menu, Miss. Might we inquire if there’s any specialties of this establishment which we have heretofore not experienced? Somethin’ a traveller might appreciate.”
Lyonette blinked at the rougher speech, but the man was polite as could be. She smiled.
“Pizza’s unusual, but if you want something fancier, the lasagna is always received well. We have small, medium, and large portions. And the ice cream comes from Terandria.”
“Ah, the gelato. I’ve tasted it myself, so I might have one of these—hamburger here. And this—blue fruit juice?”
The smaller man read very carefully from the menu, taking effort to do it. He wore innocuous, brown clothes, and a floppy cap. Lyonette scribbled down the order and smiled.
“And you, sir?”
“I believe I’ll settle for a medium portion of lasagna, this pizza you recommend—and a ‘milkshake’. How many…slices would this be?”
“I’d say two or three unless you’re hungry, sir.”
Lyonette eyed the bigger man, but she was respectful. Because the bigger fellow was rather large, but he had a quite dapper vest and leggings on. And his hat was in fact somewhat tall. Not as splendiferous as a top hat, but certainly with breathing room for the scalp.
