Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 45
An Antinium Worker in the third rank lowered the bow he was carrying. He stared ahead, confused, at the collapsing Antinium in front of him and then at his third arm. He only saw green blood leaking from his torn armor. Where had his arm gone?
The Gnoll landed. Embria’s blood chilled. She pointed at him.
“Kill that—”
The [Spearmaster] raised his spear as the Antinium turned incredulously towards him. The wavering lines of Hectval-Drisshia-Luldem’s alliance clashing against Liscor looked up as something dark filled the night sky. Drenching torches and the light spells. Embria looked up as the Gnoll raised his spear overhead. She felt a dread creeping up inside of her.
[Fear].
Then everything went dark.
 
 
 
 
Lulv, [Spearmaster]
 
The Antinium looked like they always had.
Armored Antinium. He had fought them in the Second Antinium Wars, and after that in quiet skirmishes.
These ones were different. Not in arms. Lulv heard a voice.
Suffer. Perish.
Some kind of intimidation Skill? The Gnoll didn’t stop his advance, though it made his fur stand on end. A voice was still just a voice. He had seen far more terrifying things.
So these are Free Antinium. He caught a glimpse of their front rank. This was the battalion that had done so much damage to Hectval’s alliance? He could see why.
Heavy armor. Tight formation.
No gaps to exploit. The [Spearmaster] hadn’t expected any.
Sokkel was waiting for his signal. Lulv chose a spot. Someone had seen Manus’ advance. He felt a prickling in his mind. Threat incoming.
However, Manus’ forces needed a hole. So the [Spearmaster] leapt. His legs crouched on the rocky ground and then the Gnoll flew.
He saw the Antinium in the front rank raising their heads to stare at him. An armored Antinium calling orders.
Antinium on the right flank. Belgrade the [Strategist]?
[Covert Target Mark]. Both glowed in the split-second Lulv saw them. Then he used his Skill.
[Spear Art: Fangs of the Dire Wolf]!
His enchanted spear struck twice, twin flashes through the Antinium’s lines. Lulv landed and saw bodies collapsing. The Antinium recoiled, looking right and left.
Dead? Just like—?
The spear had gone through armor and bodies without stopping. Unenchanted steel couldn’t stop Lulv’s spear. Nor low-level [Soldiers].
“Charge!”
An officer of Manus roared. [Soldiers] streamed around Lulv, and he raised his spear overhead in one paw.
The signal. The flash of surprise in the Antinium’s ranks wouldn’t last. The enemy commander had eyes on him.
So Sokkel closed the eyes. The sky began to turn dark. The clouds gathered at an impossible speed—but not regular grey ones, or even dark thunderclouds. Pitch black mist streamed down from the heavens, engulfing both armies. Liscor and the Hectval alliance were thrown into darkness, but one side had been expecting it.
[Storm of Clouded Darkness]. Now was the time. Lulv shouted as his spear rose.
“[Intimidation: Spear of a Thousand Graves]!”
And fear ran through Liscor’s army. Lulv pointed his spear straight ahead.
“Forwards!”
Manus’ veterans ran past him, towards the Antinium who’d held their ground. Lulv saw a Soldier swinging a sword and hatchet with decent coordination at one of Manus’ [Soldiers]. The Gnoll swept his own sword up and took one of the Antinium’s arms off. The Soldier staggered, brought up a shield, and the Gnoll whirled. The slash took off the Antinium’s head, armor or not.
“Split their lines.”
“[Lance Formation]! [Steelsundering Blades]! Go, go!”
