Interlude – Food and Growth
Page 10
“Make sure no one uses a scrying orb with Cire.”
She spoke curtly to the [Flight Captain] waiting by the window. The Gnoll saluted. Not all of Oteslia’s secret-keepers were Drakes. They followed their charge.
And the Grand Gardener sat down. Magnolia Reinhart was coming. Ancestors, she had better not find out who Cire was. Or the others! Fortunately, Cire disliked stuffy events. Shaerrha sighed.
It was an honor, a privilege, and a pain to look after her little son. She wanted him to grow up safely. But it was hard…
Rafaema was so well-mannered and thoughtful. Why couldn’t they have switched places? Manus was better for keeping secrets, anyways.
Shaerrha thought that, in the thoughtless way of someone admiring the grass on the other side. If Luciva Skybreath or Ferris could have heard her thoughts, they would have laughed until they puked.
For now—the Dragon of Oteslia waited for something interesting to happen to him. Then he went off to watch television.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: SHORT CHAPTER! I needed a short chapter. At last, I can turn the air conditioning back on! Huzzah!
And I mean, this may be another empty chapter where nothing…ah, you know the joke. The Last Tide is out and it’s sold over 800 copies so far! It’s apparently the biggest launch of Cloudscape digitally and that’s great because it incentivizes them to keep the comic going or add to the operating budget!
Tell your friends! Tell your dog! Wait, your dog’s useless! Tell your friends! And thanks for reading! Two more days remain until my break and I hope you’re enjoying this! Today’s art is another commission! This time of A’ctelios Salash, drawn by Jason, one of our reoccurring artists!
Drakorise commissioned the piece though, so much credit to him! It’s a beautifully…horrifying…illustration! Like caring for a teen for decades! Hope you enjoy and thanks for reading!
 
https://www.artstation.com/zanic
https://ko-fi.com/zanic
 
A’ctelios Confrontation by Jason, commissioned by Drakorise!
(Full-size Version)
 
 

