Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 41
A ringing bell. Wil heard it as he played Lasc a game of chess. The [Storm Captain] looked up, glad to be done; he was losing badly.
“I hear it. What fool rings a bell around here?”
“The kind that doesn’t fear Krakens. Storm Captain. You had better look.”
On deck again. Everyone stared towards the ringing sound. And Wil saw it first.
An ancient hull. A sail, rotted, virtually useless. But the ship still floated. And—it had a crew. But the fog was lifting, however slightly. And this time…The Emerald Signet’s crew could see.
There was no light on the other ship. None, in the absolute fog. The Emerald Signet had any number of safety lanterns. But none on the other ship.
That told Lasc everything.
“Either they’re out of oil. Or…we’ve found a culprit. It’s a ghost ship. Or—did you say you saw figures, Delivan?”
The [First Mate] nodded. He was armed. Captain Lasc turned his head.
“Lord Kallinad. I fear we might be entering a fight for our lives.”
“Against what, Captain?”
Wil stood next to Venaz and Feshi, staring into the gloom. There were figures moving in the darkness. But who—
His breath caught as he saw the unnatural, shambling walk. The [Storm Captain] spoke darkly.
“That’s no ship of the living. That’s an undead ship. And the crew’s long passed.”
Indeed. The ship was coming their way. And Wil saw the first rotten form. He smelled the rot as the zombies and skeletons moved. A mockery of the living ship. The [Sailors] murmured. They had weapons ready.
“How can this come about?”
Feshi covered her nose. She had her bow raised, but she had avoided fighting. Lasc was cursing.
“Somewhere on board, there’s a [Necromancer]. Or a death-artifact. Either or. And we’ll have to fight. This close to the Kraken’s Pass?”
“At least the ship’s only a frigate. If it were larger…we can handle that crew, Captain.”
Delivan was nodding. So were the other [Storm Sailors].
“Undead aren’t a match for a proper [Storm Sailor]. They might have numbers if they’d packed the ship. But we’ll take them. Worst threat is the [Captain]. Ships like this always have a Revenant.”
“A what?”
Peki looked around blankly as Yerranola shuddered. The Selphid spoke.
“A thinking undead. A trapped soul. It might be able to use Skills. It’ll be far stronger.”
Indeed—was that the [Captain]? Wil saw a figure steering the ship at them. Glowing eyes, burning blue in the fog. Captain Lasc spoke.
“All hands, prepare to repel boarders. We’ll fight them off. Burn the damn ship and put these souls to rest. They’ve underestimated us. Lord Kallinad, you and your [Strategists] will give us an edge, however many of the damned there be.”
The crew nodded. So did Merrik.
“My [Battalion of Glory] gives magical blades to anyone under my command. We can slay even ghost-[Pirates] with that.”
“Have they given any demands?”
Lasc turned to Delivan. The [First Mate] shook his head.
“No, sir. This might be just a group of [Necromancers]. Or a ship looking to add to its ranks.”
“More fools, they. To arms. We’ve sailed through storms far worse than a crew of undead.”
The ships were closing. Ready for battle, both sides. More undead were appearing in the gloom. But just one ship. Smaller than The Emerald Signet. Only—Wil couldn’t help but feeling uneasy.
This felt like a trap.
And then the waters moved. Wil saw something breach the dark waters. And he realized he should have taken Inky’s advice.
