Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 14
Ryoka Griffin’s voice was very cautious as she referred to the fact that Wistram had any number of Earthers as their guests. Palt smiled around his cigar. Now here was someone who might fit into the Ullsinoi faction. Or at least knew how to keep a reserve.
“I’ve heard it described, Miss. But dreamleaf looks very different to your—weeds. Different effects too, or so I gather.”
“Really?”
“Oh yes. It’s minutiae, but dreamleaf provokes…dreams. The more you take, the more vivid the dreams. And the more relaxed you get. I hear you get paranoid on the other stuff?”
“You know it. This doesn’t make you paranoid? Any negative effects?”
“I get hungry. And lazy.”
Ryoka grinned.
“Wait, no side effects?”
Palt winked at her.
“Miss, what kind of [Gardener] grows a plant with side effects? It’s magical. Cities don’t like it because, well, it does impair your work ethic and it’ll demotivate you for hours, but it’s not bad for you.”
“I might have to try it, then. Do you sell…any of it? I have a friend who told me she could get some, but I wasn’t interested at the time. I could bring some back to her, though.”
“Well, if you do, I can set you up with a sample as a friend of Miss Solstice. And if you don’t like smoking…”
“Hey!”
Erin stomped on the ground. Ryoka broke off from reaching for her money pouch. The young woman waved her fist at the two of them. She pointed at Palt’s cigar.
“No weed in my inn. Palt, you can smoke if I never smell it. Got it?”
One small victory. Palt exhaled and the smoke flew up into the bubble overhead. He smiled gratefully at Erin and Ryoka.
“Your words are law, Miss Solstice. Speaking of which—I’m going into Pallass. I don’t suppose Magus Grimalkin will be…attracted here, will he? Or Chaldion? I could use that. I need to talk to them about something important.”
The two young women exchanged a glance. Well—Ryoka glanced at Erin and the young woman scratched at the back of her head vaguely.
“…No? I mean, I’m not gonna do anything.”
“Could you get them here if you wanted to?”
Ryoka was genuinely curious. She was still at The Wandering Inn. She had to leave. Soon. And she had to create a miracle before the summer’s solstice. But for one more day, she was here. It wasn’t about her, anyways.
Erin frowned.
“Well, yeah. Obviously. I could get them if I needed to. Like—scream through to Pallass and get Chaldion or Grimalkin? That’s easy.”
The Centaur and City Runner exchanged a glance. The [Innkeeper] who claimed to be able to summon the [Grand Strategist] of all of Pallass…
“How, Erin? You could just shout something and Grimalkin comes running?”
“Yep.”
Ryoka opened and closed her mouth. The worst part was that she believed it.
“…Give me an example. Please?”
The [Innkeeper] frowned for a moment.
“Um—okay. I open the door and scream ‘dead gods! I’ve got so many muscles! That new soup really does work! I’d better give this to all the Antinium and see what happens!’ And then I shut the door. It’ll probably work, right?”
Palt nearly dropped the cigar as he covered his stomach, laughing. Ryoka laughed too, holding the table. A giggling little Gnoll stopped creeping up on her from behind.
That was why he’d fallen a bit in love. That madness. Like one of the Elusive Lot, but without the need to prank and infuriate everyone in sight. The Centaur looked wistfully at Erin.
“You’re an inspiration to tricksters everywhere, Miss Erin. I salute you. And if you’d like to ever try my illicit drugs—please know that they’re all sincerely for people’s relaxation and state of mind. I sell nothing dangerous. And I’d be happy to show you how they work.”
