Interlude – Flos
Page 17
“Hello? Are you looking for our blades? We only have ingots for sale.”
Nawal called out, too tired to pretend to be happy to see the visitor. To her surprise she saw a pale-skinned foreigner enter the tent. His skin was far too pale for the hot sun and he jumped at being addressed.
“Ingots? Sorry I’m—a bit lost. You don’t sell swords? I’ll be going.”
He backed up towards the entrance and Nawal’s pride flared.
“We used to sell swords. The finest blades you will ever see, my word on it! Don’t back away, you milk-skinned fool, you! Come and see true metal, if only once in your lifetime!”
Her words made the young man stop. He approached the table and gasped as he saw the Naq-Alrama steel.
“That’s…is that magic metal? Some kind of special metal?”
Proudly, despairingly, Nawal nodded.
“It is Naq-Alrama steel.”
She looked at the young man’s blank face and scowled.
“Naq-Alrama steel! Have you never heard of it?”
He hadn’t. She grumbled under her breath.
“Ignorant foreigners. Listen well. This steel is magic, forged of the sands, refined through heat and kept from any—any sunlight! Such is the nature of the metal that it can endure any pressure when quenched in sun-filled waters. It will hold enchantments with ease and the blade itself cuts through magic like water. If there was ever a blade for one who seeks to do battle against [Mages], this is it! You could make a blade worthy of a [King] out of these ingots which we will sell for handfuls of gold!”
She raised a fist and nearly struck the metal, but held back, knowing the blow would only freeze her skin to the ice-cold ingots. The young foreigner looked impressed, which warmed her heart slightly.
“That’s incredible. If you’re selling them so cheaply, why not have someone make a sword out of—”
“We used to do that, you idiot, you!”
She shouted at him and the young man flinched. One of the [Caravan Guards], Hesseif, poked his head in and Nawal gestured to him that it was fine. He gave her a nod and resumed watching for thieves. Nawal sighed as she looked at the young man.
“We had a [Blacksmith] of renown who shaped the blades. He created less than ten per year, but they earned enough for our clan to thrive! But he died—his heart gave out last year.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. But can’t you get someone else to—”
“No. The techniques are too hard to learn overnight! It takes years of practice and of all whom my father taught, only I learned enough to shape the metal.”
The young woman laughed at the young man’s confusion.
“But if you can do it, can’t—”
“Who would use a blade forged by a woman?”
Who indeed? Women could be warriors, but they weren’t capable of making steel, that was a fact. It was a truth among Nawal’s people that women were impure—the metal grew to develop defects if they shaped it. Her father had broken with tradition because he needed a helper, but he had forbidden her from entering the forge whenever her blood flowed throughout the month and of course Nawal was forbidden from shaping any blade herself.
She could make armor so long as no one knew who had done most of the forging and goods like nails and so on, but never blades. So her father had said while she hammered in the forge and he claimed to have made each blade himself with her ‘help’. He had given her a chance, but he was dead and no one else would touch a blade she made, however keen.
The young man didn’t seem to understand that. He was a foreigner and wrinkled his brow. Was he a [Mage]? He was certainly no warrior of the sands, accustomed to blood and glory.
