Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 37
“There is a statue of Kishkeria, the Archmage of the Eternal Grasslands, here? Show me! Did you think that was not important, you—you—”
Of all Erin’s friends, Krshia was one of the few who’d grab Erin’s ear and pinch it. Not hard since they were in the garden, but the yelping [Innkeeper] showed them more statues. She leaned into Orreh as he stared in awe at Kishkeria and Seru’nial.
“I think I have a lot of statues if you want the work, Orreh. But there’s one I want more than all of them, and I’m willing to pay you for priority work. And I’d like it to be big. Like—big enough to be placed on a table, maybe. You’ll need to use your imagination, but I’ll pay top coin and help you do it.”
He looked at her with a frown. So did Krshia. Because Erin’s eyes had a kind of gleam, a kind of half-twinkle they recognized.
She had an idea. Which had been building on her since seeing Gresaria’s statue. It was, perhaps, the same thing all owners of every [Garden of Sanctuary] came to. The garden was finite.
But…Orreh followed Erin through the mists. It was not as long or as hard as before, but when he saw the single, short statue waiting for him, his heart pounded so hard he feared he was having an episode like older Gnolls were. He pointed with a shaking paw.
“Is that…a Gnome? It cannot be a Dwarf. Is it…”
“Yep. This is Zineryr. I want you to make a perfect replica of him. A bigger figurine than that little lamb. Silver doesn’t cost that much, right?”
That was a hilarious question, but Orreh was willing to cut her some slack. To carve the likeness of this Gnome…he shook his head absently.
“I can do it. But where…where is the part you wanted me to do myself? This is no harder than any other statue. Less than some, in fact.”
He turned, and Erin Solstice’s eyes twinkled. They sparkled. They danced and laughed almost as hard as the Gnomes. Even dead. Even in memory, she looked at Zineryr and spoke. It wasn’t a prank. A prank was harmless.
This was a trick, a jest, and a move on a chessboard as crazy as the Bongcloud attack. But it was also effective. So Erin Solstice showed him a crude sketch that really, really sucked. But Orreh got the picture as she described it.
“Okay. I want Zineryr standing here on a pedestal. Like this, you see? But he has one hand raised. And—you don’t need to draw many details, just make it up—have a Human man right here. He’s holding him by one hand, and the guy’s all beat up. He has a beard. And then he’ll be standing on top of this stupid guy in robes. There are six of them. You can have one, like, running away in fear.”
“…He’s beaten all six? What does this Human look like?”
Orreh pointed at the one being choked out by a four-foot Gnome, already a difficult scene to envision. It’d have to be a high pedestal. Erin beamed.
“It doesn’t matter. Make him, uh—bald. With a beard! He has to have a beard. Don’t worry, I’ll give you descriptions for each one. Only a few details matter. You’re gonna have a really hard time with one of the women and this—shadow thing, but we’ll make it work.”
She was invested in this project, and even Krshia noticed how fast Erin was gesturing.
“We’re gonna have to have an insignia too. So it has to be big. A plaque. ‘Zineryr’s victory over hair loss, bad dancing, um…’ I’ll figure out the rest. Or maybe names. Tammyroon, Emmerwho, and so on.”
“Erin, why so much effort?”
Krshia was bewildered. She recognized a vendetta when she saw one, but Erin Solstice just smiled. And there was a flinty look in her eyes that few had ever seen before. Few people, even monsters, were her enemy.
But this?
