Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 5
Ryoka choked on some of her popcorn as Lord Belchaus advanced. And his steps looked nothing like classic waltz. His [Dancers] were like a modern team, and Lord Bel was dressed in something close to a dancing suit at home from a more modern era.
He and his group came down the ballroom, stepping fast. It was a modern dance! Or else—Ryoka saw them stepping fast.
Advance, half-step, turn, cross-step forwards, left sides facing the [Knights], arms extended, head tilted sideways, chin up just so—
At some point Ryoka realized she was watching a dance battle. A choreographed, dance battle. Lord Bel’s troupe paused as the [Lord] advanced forwards, and did what she could only term a complicated forward step on the tips of his feet. He was in releve, a term Ryoka knew from the few classes she’d had to take. But she couldn’t have described the rest.
What was the grandmaster doing? She was side-stepping forwards to, then a heel pull turn? Glissade back—Ryoka stopped trying to catalogue the moves and started just watching.
“Oh my god. They’re good.”
“I know, right? I’ve never seen them dance! But they’re famous for it? Both Lord Bel and the Savellian [Knights]! They fight in perfect formations in the battle—and Lord Bel is said to be better than most [Strategists]!”
“But that dancing! It’s so—modern!”
Ryoka stared at the grandmaster and Lord Bel. They were having a dance off in the center, surrounded by clapping and cheering [Dancers] and [Knights]. She had a more traditional dance, accompanied by her [Knights] who moved in synch with her, extending their arms, stepping back, turning, all with perfect form and order.
They surrounded her, and she extended an arm as they moved around her in a spiral. Behind her, [Knights] with brass instruments played while striking poses, moving forwards and pushing the [Dancers].
That was more like a performance. But the Lord of the Dance? He refused to bow to the Order of Savellia. He was moving forwards in a slow step, with his [Dancers]. Pausing before their feet touched the ground, halting the energy of the [Knight]’s dance. And then Lord Bel began to advance in a faster step. The baller shuffle! His fast-moving footwork made even the [Knights] break from their choreography.
“Who taught him how to do that?”
Ryoka choked on her popcorn.
“Shut up!”
But she had to ask—the Lord of the Dance was grooving, and yes, that was the term for it. Even the grandmaster looked surprised by his style of dance, that was at odds with the slower, more deliberate dances. Because yes, he was boogieing, switching into a tap dance—his feet were moving so fast that if you missed it, it looked like he was just sliding, rather than taking individual steps.
And then he did a moonwalk. Just for a second. Ryoka pointed.
“Look! Look! There’s no way—”
Perhaps it wasn’t that he’d been taught. Lord Bel just seemed to have the most free, energetic dancing that Ryoka had ever seen. And he was good. The grandmaster stopped, putting her hands on her hips as her Order began to look dismayed. Faced with the energetic style the Lord of the Dance and his [Dancers] were using, their more deliberate, ostentatious dance was struggling to keep up.
And he was smiling. As if he was gently mocking the Savellian [Knights]. The Lord of the Dance spun backwards, and some of his [Dancers] raised wands. For a second Ryoka thought it would turn ugly, but they shot magical streamers, and some of his [Dancers] leapt forwards.
