Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 9
“Done. And we’ll send word to other agents. No Golden Triangle. Find the biggest sellers and…”
Quite calmly, Yerzhen drew a finger across his throat. The others saw his skin open and blood and viscera through the cut his finger had made. They nodded.
“Spread the word.”
 
—-
 
They called him the Gecko of Liscor. When they wanted to make him mad. To most people, he was just ‘Relc’.
Senior Guardsman Relc if you wanted to be fancy. ‘That idiot’ if you were Zevara.
But just—Relc. And he swung around Liscor, a familiar face known by almost all. That huge, sometimes bombastic Drake. Ugly; objectionable face and tail, but damned good with a spear.
A former [Sergeant] in the army. The Watch’s best fighter. That is who he’d been for…over a decade. Nearly two, now.
You didn’t need to summarize him with much. You could do it in a paragraph. Relc was a big, sometimes dumb Drake with a spear who was sometimes childish, sometimes bigoted, but was really a good guy.
That was actually a sentence. But it was Relc. If you wanted details, you had to go beyond him. He had a daughter called Embria who he was partly estranged with but who still admired her father. He had a friend called Erin Solstice who you’d have to write a million words about—oh.
And he’d had a partner named Klbkch. Until a day when he didn’t. And that was a tragedy. Not only because the Watch lost their link to the Hive, but because Klbkch was…solid. Reliable, or he had been. The only person who could really rein Relc in.
His partner. The Watch was already trying to fill his boots. The Watch Captain was searching for replacements. And what would they do with Relc? Well, at least he was here. That idiot would cause trouble without Klbkch. He was always there, always irritably reliable, the same. He was…
 
—-
 
Relc Grasstongue sat up in his bed. He blinked a few times, but he was awake.
At dawn. It was a habit so engrained in him from his days as a [Soldier] that he couldn’t stop it, unless he’d had duty the night before. He had not. Today was his day off.
“Grr. Stupid brain. Stupid army. Where’s food? Food?”
Relc muttered to himself. He fumbled around in the near-darkness.
He had candles, and matches. Even a lantern he was supposed to wear at work which he often forgot. The problem was that Relc’s room was anything but tidy. He found none of these things.
What he did find was some moldy bread. He sniffed it. Licked it a few times, and found some cheese under his bed.
“Huh. How’d that get down here?”
In the darkness, the Drake ate a snack. Not proper breakfast. He was still hungry after he smacked his lips.
“Hmm.”
The [Guardsman] sat in the darkness, reflective. He reached out and grabbed his spear.
He always knew where his spear was. Another habit from the army, one he didn’t resent. He slept next to his spear.
“Practice time.”
In his small apartment, the Drake carefully lifted his spear. He spun it around; the long weapon was in danger of hitting both floor, ceiling, and the walls. But Relc knew how long it was exactly. He could measure anything with it—but only thought in terms of the spear-lengths.
He hit nothing. The Drake ran through a training drill he’d mastered long ago. Oh—that was another thing about Relc.
He was a [Spearmaster]. A class as recognized as a [Fencer] with a bell. The Drake warmed up, as he always did, working until he was just about to sweat. His muscles warm, he relaxed.
He had made some sound, but his neighbors had long ago learned to ignore Relc in the mornings or had moved out. Now, the Drake sat down.
“I drank too much.”
