Interlude – Perspective and Pas
Page 5
The [Butler] didn’t jump. But he had a hand on his longsword, even though only Ressa could have crept up on him like that. He nodded to her as she appeared. The [Maid] turned to Reynold, inquisitive.
“All clear?”
He nodded.
“No more killers I could find. Numbers 1-7 are on patrol.”
“Naturally.”
There had been a bad opening in their security, which allowed the criminal mob to get at Miss Lyonette. They’d pulled their attention back to watch Magnolia, and the only people on guard-duty had been forced to choose between the dignitaries and Lyonette.
“Is it simply Oteslia’s underworld?”
Reynold murmured, covering his lips, on the pretense of smoothing his mustache. Ressa grimaced.
“For a measure of ‘simply’? They have Faces. I want you to post more watchers on Lyonette’s residence.”
“Watchers or ready to intervene? I must say, her guardians have done a rather poor job so far.”
By which, Reynold meant Saliss of Lights, the Gentlemen Callers, and, to some extent, Wall Lord Ilvriss. Ressa growled.
“They’re not professionals.”
She meant as they were. Reynold nodded.
“And are we launching a counter-offensive?”
“No.”
“But…”
Ressa folded her arms. She was unhappy, but she twisted a ring and Reynold caught a thought on the linked band on each of their fingers.
“It’s the damned Dragon. Oteslia’s afraid to move on them because whoever’s in charge clearly knows. Magnolia does not want to reveal she knows or get entangled in it. Even the First Gardener would slit all our throats if she suspected we knew.”
“Ah.”
Now that complicated things. Reynold grimaced.
“But we have…our Grand Magus. Surely that might persuade them…?”
“If he was—normal—I’m sure that would be an option.”
“Aha.”
Reynold wanted to say something un-butler-y. It was a bad situation all around. He didn’t know how far from ‘normal’ Grand Magus Eldavin was behaving, but given that Magnolia and Ressa were worried…
“Then we’re collecting signatures? Stay on plan and leave for Wistram as soon as possible?”
“…Almost. If we leave, we’ll have to avoid Zeres. The Velistrane will pick us up when that occurs.”
“Not myself via carriage?”
It seemed to Reynold they could travel on land just as fast north to a safe harbor, but Ressa elaborated.
“No. That is because you will head north when we depart Oteslia. At that time, you will go via carriage to the ancestral manor. And you will collect a few household trinkets.”
They had been strolling left as they walked, circumnavigating the buzzing Oteslian ballroom, all eyes on Lyonette or the golden [Knights] who had come and knelt towards her, or looking at her ring. Reynold nearly slammed into a decorative pillar.
“A few household…?”
He turned a shade paler, despite himself. Ressa smiled thinly.
“Magnolia has forgotten some of her travel supplies. We will need them for where we’re heading next.”
If you didn’t know what they were talking about, it sounded perfectly innocuous. If you saw Reynold’s face, you’d suspect it was not.
If you were Reynold? You would have understood that, while Magnolia Reinhart and Ressa headed for the Reinharts’ capital warship, he would run a fetch errand and meet them at sea, no doubt.
…Carrying every doomsday and armageddon-class artifact he could tear out of Regis Reinhart’s possession.
There was a contingency. Reynold knew what could be traded to make the ghost give up items, as well as Magnolia claiming her birthright. But that kind of weaponry was a step up from the items Magnolia had requested to use against the Goblin Lord. Just what did she intend to do when she met Grand Magus Eldavin?
