Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 14
The [Guardsman] watched as the Gnolls placed their suspicious cargo on the ground. Unlike the last three busts, which had seen Gnolls stealing everything from secret recipes from other tribes to dangerous drugs to stolen goods—he eyed the books and manuscripts.
“What’s this? Secrets? Hoods off!”
“But—”
“Now.”
The Az’muzarre Gnoll didn’t ask twice. The hoods came off, and Tkrn looked at Satar as she stared at him. He blinked.
“Satar?”
 
——
 
Held by her captors, the young woman stared the Archmage in the eyes. His sharp goatee and twisted smile on his face were like a piercing razor, but she never looked away. Her chest rose and fell as he snipped the first layer of cloth away with a spell.
“This would be easier if you told me where you were hiding the key,” he said. But the young woman refused to speak. Across from her, the bared chest and sculpted muscles of the young [Mage] shone with the faintest sheen of perspiration in the cell’s thin light.
“Then, some incentive will do. Call for the Golems—”
 
At this point, one of the [Shamans] had to put down the manuscript of Heartslayi’s latest novella. Another fanned himself.
“Is it getting hot in here, or is it just me, yes? So this is the illicit goods, eh?”
He turned, and Satar wanted to vanish into the ground like a [Shaman of the Earth]. She sat, burning with embarrassment under her fur.
“I thought you said she wasn’t writing romance!”
One of the two Gnolls sitting with her hissed at their companion. The male Gnoll, who was actually a [Tracker] from the Plain’s Eye tribe, held up his paws.
“It isn’t romance! Not really! She—it’s Heartslayi. What did you expect?”
“Silence.”
The Az’muzarre Gnoll glared at them, but even the [Warrior] was trying very hard not to laugh. He sighed loudly.
“Why were you hiding? Behind a tent? You wasted our time and yours, unless there’s some secret in it? Hidden codes?”
“If there is, it’s hidden under all the abdominal muscles and light torture. What is it with Humans and bellies?”
“Probably the lack of fur.”
A group of [Shamans] from each Gnoll’s tribe and a few others were investigating the criminality. Satar wanted to die; not least because she and the two other Gnolls were now known.
A [Tracker], a [Shaman], and a [Netweaver], all from different tribes, all with a secret uniting passion. The worst part? The reason Satar wished they’d all been killed on the spot?
Cetrule was half-covering his face, avoiding her expression as the [Shamans] read out another passage from the manuscript. They were all much amused.
“They’re definitely not in trouble—unless liking this is a crime.”
“It should be. This is bad poetry.”
“Hey! I know the Gnoll who wrote that!”
The [Netweaver] protested. The [Shamans] glanced over and one looked at Satar.
“This is hardly illegal, Warrior Kuzait. We regret the wasted time, but perhaps these Gnolls will stop doing this in the future. It is not embarrassing to have a hobby, yes? More openness might help.”
“As you say, Shaman.”
Kuzait sighed loudly. He turned to the trio with him, one of whom was Tkrn.
“Thank you for your help, fellow warriors. We are surely done with our parts. Tomorrow?”
“If we don’t go to war before then. Yes. An honor to meet you all.”
The Gnolls broke up, and the [Shamans] turned. One looked at the three [Readers] with some mischief in her eyes.
“You are also free to go, although I’m afraid this might get out among the tribes. Fear not. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. I’ll buy one of these ‘Heartslayi’ stories myself. How much?”
