Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 7
That was the problem, for all he assured Selys he knew what he was doing. Olesm had been in battles, led defenses, seen fighting close up, and arguably encountered more high-level threats than most [Strategists] twice his age.
However…he had never been on campaign before. It took Liscor’s army eleven days before they even heard of the enemy.
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
Dear Father,
 
We have embarked on our campaign against Hectval. It feels odd to be on the campaign again. I’ve missed it. I know you won’t like to hear it, so I guess this letter is a failure.
…I’ll keep writing even if I don’t send this because I have to tell someone. I can’t tell Wikir or Vell, Pielt, or Igissi, even if they are [Captains]. Wikir wouldn’t talk, but Vell’s a hothead, and it’s just not something you do.
Not that you were an officer, but you get it. The old guard always said you could lead a squad as well as any [Captain] and you did—just that you were too good at being a headhunter. 
I wish you were here. We need someone like you against Hectval. It’s not just that we don’t have Liscor’s officers or the Antinium—and the Antinium are one thing. It’s…
This is a new army, Dad. You know what that means? I look around and wonder who’s going to die, because they’re so green it hurts. Even Olesm. He’s got the levels, but he’s not experienced. I almost wish I were in charge, but I don’t have experience in command either. I don’t think we should let Hectval be. I just wish either High Command or Liscor’s Council could have approved the army coming back, even a portion of it, and doing it right. But then the Antinium wouldn’t have joined.
It’s been three days and we’re climbing into the foothills around the Blood Fields. Rocky terrain. You know? The worst part, though, is that we’re still getting used to our chain-of-command, and I’m solid in 4th Company, but I think Olesm’s sub-commanders just aren’t good enough. They’re sharp, eager to fight…and not high-level enough. Former [Guards], mostly. Only a few Manus graduates, and they’re young. 
So I’m a bit worried, Dad. Just a bit. The new [Soldiers] can’t even hike up hills at good speed. But I guess they’re levelling. I’ll write you something else instead, if we can send letters back to the army. Hope you got out of Cellidel. 
 
—Embria
 
She rolled up the bit of parchment and wished she could breathe fire so she could set it alight. Instead, she put it back in her pouch and rubbed her shoulder.
Olesm wasn’t that bad. For one thing, he might not have had the field experience—
But he could move an army from A to B. And that was a talent even graduates of Manus’ war schools messed up.
Columns of [Soldiers] were climbing up the first series of steep, rocky terrain that was Hectval’s territory…or the border along the Bloodfields. They struggled up the hard, slightly reddish soil, swearing, carrying packs along with their armor and weapons, and generally trying not to slip and crash into the [Soldiers] behind them.
Liscor’s army had marched past the Blood Fields with no incidents, much to everyone’s relief, and had decided to take a route like the first army—climbing into Hectval’s territory.
It was that or take the known roads, and Olesm’s maps of Hectval along with knowledge from 4th Company told them there were enchanted towers emplaced there. Real pain-in-your-tail towers that some [Archers] would lounge in, taking long-range shots at you from behind magical barriers.
