Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 56
There were only two [Crusaders] left in Squad 5, Battalion 1. One had two arms missing. The other? The other had an enchanted blade, which Tersk inspected.
There was no counting how many of the enemy had died, but it was a low, low number. In fact, Tersk had reported to Olesm in Artur’s earshot that he could confirm six dead. And that had been with Dekass calling in volleys of arrows onto the [Crusaders]. In fact, that was the only thing that had made the enemy retreat. They had healed all wounds, retreated rather than stay and risk losses.
Artur could see other [Crusaders] looking at him and his flag. Perhaps it made them feel better. He hoped it did.
Artur felt so useless. He had been in the darkness, and if only…if only his flag could have done more. But he had seen Crab Battalion fighting against [Soldiers] three times their level at least. The difference was just that.
Levels.
 
 
 
 
Elirr, [Councilmember]
 
The Council of Liscor drafted a somber announcement to go out across the city. From their rooms, Elirr had a view of it from the windows. He heard the howls of Gnolls fearing their loved ones were lost as well.
“So what happens next? Do we retreat?”
Alonna sat wearily at the table. The first hour of their day had exhausted her, and Elirr just wanted to go to Jeckle, the Ice Wyvern he was training, and pet him and feed him.
However, Lism shook his head.
“Olesm hasn’t written that.”
They all looked at him. The purple-scaled Drake glanced around.
“I’m not being his uncle. I’m being realistic. You don’t surrender and roll over after one bad battle. He thinks there’s a chance. Maybe they retreat and fortify. Hectval is still out there.”
“But if Manus is in it…”
Jeiss had come back from delivering the news to Watch Captain Zevara. He had also run the news to the Free Hive. He closed the door to the Council’s chambers.
“That’s our job. If they are in it, we scream it as loud as possible and throw every accusation. Manus is interfering in other city’s battles. No Drake city likes that. I just told the Watch Captain; she got a copy anyways.”
“Smart of Olesm. What did she say?”
“She’ll take a muster of volunteers, make sure we’re ready for any Hectval groups sneaking around the Floodplains. Oh—and she’s answering one of his requests. But also…I have this. The Free Queen has written us a letter.”
The entire Council looked up sharply. Tismel blurted out.
“The Free Queen can write?”
Jeiss laid the letter on the table. It was unsealed, and he offered it to Alonna, who hesitated.
“Dictate, I think. Want to read it out loud, Alonna?”
The Guildmistress cleared her throat.
“The Free Queen…is she speaking in third person? It’s like a royal announcement. Er, let me…The Free Queen has been apprised of the casualty reports in Engagement #11. She congratulates Liscor’s army on its survival.”
“Congratulates…?”
Lism mouthed, but Alonna went on.
“The numbers of Antinium deceased are acceptable, the Free Queen feels, for a wartime scenario. She is prepared to resupply Workers and Soldiers in the same quantities, provided Liscor will authorize transit and aid in rearmament. She suggests the Antinium dead may have weapons or armor that can be repurposed for—does she not care?”
Alonna nearly tore up the paper. She whirled.
“Nearly a thousand Antinium die and she’s ready to send another thousand in!”
“They’ve seen worse battles. She might think it’s acceptable. But check the signature.”
Jeiss murmured. He’d already read the letter, then. Elirr saw Alonna go down the letter and blanch.
“What?”
The [Mage] pursed her lips.
“It’s signed…Xrn.”
