Interlude – Niers
Page 1
That meant the water was hot enough to scald, which meant it was hot enough to kill leeches and other parasites. And Baleros had plenty of bugs and objectionable things that liked to infest the body. So Niers and Foliana were bathing, as many did. Naked.
In Foliana’s case there wasn’t much to see due to the fur. There wasn’t much to see in Niers’ case, but that was only because he was tiny. Neither Niers nor Foliana was embarrassed or even conscious of their nudity, but it had been remarked upon. Foliana began to eat her meatball as she replied to Niers.
“I think it’s weird that none of your students want to bathe with us. Mm.”
Niers sighed. But Foliana had answered his question in her own particular way. He shrugged, letting his body sink down a bit more into the water. Fraerlings were natural floaters, given that there really wasn’t much weight for them to sink with.
“They’re nervous. Even my oldest students don’t want to share a hot tub. And I think you scare them.”
“Mm. Not all of them. Some didn’t want to join us because of the naked thing. Why?”
The tiny man shrugged.
“Other continents don’t practice mixed bathing. Or nude bathing. Or bathing at all, for that matter. It depends on the culture, but I don’t think that bathing together is a custom in Izril, Chandrar, or Terandria.”
“Weird.”
“Only to us. I’ve heard of foreigners insisting on wearing clothing into the water.”
“Why?”
Niers grinned, forgetting about the chess board for one moment.
“I think they’re afraid to see each other’s genitals. Especially Terandrians. I met a group of noblemen once who nearly fainted at the idea of seeing each other naked.”
“Why? Are they afraid of seeing something scary?”
“Or being seen, I suspect. The noblewomen were far more relaxed about the idea. They even invited me to join them.”
“Naked?”
“I suspect I was less threatening due to my size. Not that their husbands seemed to think so. Anyways, you won’t get my students to join me. Half are too afraid I’ll ask them a question they can’t answer or you’ll stab them—”
“Why?”
“—And the other half is too embarrassed. A shame; I thought Venaz would join us at least, but Minotaurs are surprisingly prudish. Not about seeing each other nude, but he refused to get in the tub with anyone of the opposite sex.”
“Mm…”
“He’s male.”
“Ah.”
Foliana nodded and slurped from her bowl of noodles. She knew who Venaz was of course. She’d met Niers’ students who attended his [Strategist] academy. And she had a very clear image of the Minotaur in her head. But the fact that he was big, muscular, and had a deep voice hadn’t helped her that much. He could have been a flat-chested female Minotaur. You never knew.
Niers realized he’d gotten sidetracked. He scowled and paddled over to his chessboard, which had floated away from him in the hot water.
“Enough about bathing. Back to the game. What do you think? About that.”
“I think it’s weird that your chessboard floats in the water. Mhm.”
The Fraerling glared up at his old friend, but with resignation. Foliana had an odd way of thinking. It was circular and she bounced from idea to idea and was surprisingly stubborn about changing lines of thought.
“Why? It’s a practical thing, to have a floating chessboard. Especially if I want to play while bathing. Like now.”
“But everything you have floats.”
That was true. Almost all of Niers’ possessions that were in any way valuable floated. His map case, his bag of holding, even his sword’s handle was made of highly buoyant wood that would allow it to float in the water. Niers grimaced.
