Interlude – Senior Guardsman Relc
Page 37
Pos opened his mouth. Relc shushed him.
“No, no. Hold on. I get to talk because I’m Relc. Listen. You don’t like Gnolls. I can tell. I was in the army; I’ve been to more cities than you have. Way more. You told me you never left Cellidel.”
Possel blinked. Relc actually remembered a detail about his life? He saw Relc twist his neck. Left. Right. The Drake sighed.
“Liscor has tons of Gnolls. And Antinium. And Humans, these days. Well, I wasn’t cool with Antinium because they killed my friends, but one of them is my best buddy. Or was. Humans? I didn’t know ‘em, but they’re good too. I’m still not a fan of Goblins, but hey, they don’t like me much either. It’s a work in progress.”
“Goblins? What do you mean—”
Relc spoke over him, cheerfully raising his voice until Pos stopped.
“The thing is: I don’t know the other stuff. Like how you fix Cellidel. All I know is: Gnolls are fine. I was in the army. I had a Gnoll commanding officer. Gnoll buddies. Drake buddies. Sometimes we fought with Gnoll tribes. Sometimes alongside Gnoll tribes. Sometimes we had to work in cities like this. We pick up recruits from all over the place and sometimes they enlist, but they just don’t like Gnolls. Or we have to serve with another army that’s all-Drake.”
The Senior Guards were listening, confused at where he was going with this. Relc went on, and now he was looking at Pos. Grinning slightly.
“The army’s not smart. I’m not smart. So when we have a problem, we fix it. I don’t know how to change the Watch, but I do know what we do to guys who can’t handle being around Gnolls. Or beat them up.”
“And…what’s that?”
Possel stared at Relc. The Drake began cracking his knuckles. He couldn’t be serious, could he? But he was. The Drake checked the door; it was still ajar so he shut it.
“Pos, buddy. This is a Liscor-army style lesson. If you pick up a sword, I’m going to hurt you.”
Pos laughed. It was incredulous. But it seemed as Relc walked forwards that he was getting bigger. The Gecko of Liscor glanced around. The house was so silent. He looked at Pos, who was waiting. Waiting for…
His eyes flickered as Relc grinned at him.
“Their [Dangersenses] are going off. And I’m not even carrying my spear. Now, here’s a Liscorian lesson. Don’t worry. It’ll be quick. I’ve gotta sleep since I have a shift in the morning. We can’t take all night.”
He raised a fist. Pos swung first, with a shout. Relc caught the fist and the smaller Drake looked up at him.
The other Senior Guards…watched.
They just watched.
 
—-
 
The next day, Relc hummed as he went to work. He entered the silent Watch House and noted Possel wasn’t there. He was off sick.
The thing about routine was that you could flip it. There was the routine of a [Guardsman] who kept his head down and didn’t rock the boat.
But what happened if the routine was ‘deal with this one [Guard] who we can’t handle’? Well, as it happened, Relc knew that too.
The first thing you did was teach him a lesson. Generally speaking, you sorted it out in private.
Unless of course, your [Dangersense] told you that even nine-on-one, you were in trouble. And you saw one Drake hit another across a room. And they knew you were there.
It was an illustrative lesson. None of the [Guards] looked at Relc. He paused by his armor locker and opened it.
What did you do if that first one failed? Well, routine told Relc a number of ways existed. He’d seen it in the army and his job.
The second way was hazing. Tricks, pranks, and so on. He opened his locker, pulled out his pristine armor, and detached the little note from it.
