Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 47
They didn’t need to fight Liscor’s 4th. He blocked the slash from the [Captain] with his spear, whirled it, and knocked the [Spear Hunter]’s stab away. She tried to cut low; he stomped the tip of her spear into the mud as she swept it towards his legs. The Drake with the sword was waiting, though, and lunged.
Lulv’s spear knocked the sword aside, so hard it would have gone flying but for her claw locking it into place with a Skill. The [Captain] stared up incredulously at Lulv as he whirled, parrying a crossbow bolt at close-range. An Antinium Soldier tried to reload as one of Manus’ officers ran him through with another spear.
The Drake [Captain] looked at Lulv, and her eyes focused on his spear. She gasped.
“Oh shit! Man—”
Lulv ran through her stomach with a grimace. The Drake fell backwards, holding at her guts as the Wing Commander slashed her spear up in a flurry of strikes.
“Vell! On me! Fall back! Fall—”
Someone lunged at Lulv, and he choked up on his spear, slashed across a throat, and fell back as well. Liscor’s 4th was retreating from Manus’ blades. Lulv whistled, and the soldiers around him retreated.
“On me. Take out those Antinium.”
He turned back to his target. The cover of darkness wouldn’t lift all night or until it was dispelled. In that time…Lulv saw the Antinium retreating, disorganized. He nodded.
“[Each Death, Another Breath].”
The [Spearmaster] formed a wedge with the soldiers under his command and advanced.
 
 
 
 
Crusader 51, [Crusader]
 
The strange soldiers were killing them. Battalion 1, Acid Jars, had been ready to fight. Not eager for a commendation, but ready.
Then Dekass had said ‘elites’, the sky had gone dark, and…
They’d begun dying.
The first [Crusader] who died took an arrow through the chest. It went through their armor, and five of the other Crusaders tried applying healing potions, because it wasn’t a fatal wound.
But it was poisoned, and the Worker stopped twitching as the Antinium waited for orders.
“Reform…Battalion 3…”
Tersk was out there, but his voice was distorted. Battalion 1 waited for their name, but they didn’t hear anything. Only shouting, howls…and a kind of eerie lack of noise.
The clash of metal-on-metal was normal to Crusader 51, by now. He didn’t hear it. Were they not fighting Drisshia’s heavies? He looked at Crusader 53, who had raised both his maces, confused, waiting.
The Antinium of Battalion 1 saw nothing through the darkness. Nothing, nothing…a hint of movement?
Then the Drakes and Gnolls were on top of them. One swung a sword through one of Squad 4’s pikemen without a sound. The blade cut through armor, left a green trail—the [Crusader] died as Crusader 51 jerked. He began to advance and saw a blade coming straight at his face.
Parry! Calruz’s roar was an echo of Crusader 51’s desperate instincts. He parried the blade and felt his sword…tear?
The steel was cut from the contact with the enemy blade, but it missed his face. The Drake cursed; he had a buckler in one hand, and Crusader 51’s stab with his shortsword bounced off it.
And Crusader 51’s arm went numb. The shortsword dropped from his arm as the enchanted shield rose. His sword jerked back from a slash, and the Drake raised his arm for a thrust. Crusader 51 raised his own shield and realized—
It wouldn’t stop that enchanted blade.
Inexperience. The Drake thrust his sword forwards, and Crusader 53 brought his mace down on the arm and snapped the bone.
