Interlude – Sand and Notes
Page 1
The [Peerless Spearmaster] blinked. He yawned, and Orjin wondered if he’d been actually listening. The Garuda was a [Spearmaster]—perhaps the best in the world if you believed his class.
His name was Xil. And he was old. So old his bright feathers had lost some of their color. But he hadn’t lost much of his plumage. Orjin could mainly tell in the way Xil acted. He had fought in wars before Orjin had been born.
“Hm? Well, you don’t train to fight in the skies. What was that about the Windcalling idiots?”
“Windcaller’s Wrath. Remember the Fury of the Skies?”
“The one you beat down? Hm. Hm…yes? So what?”
“What is the difference between him and me in the end, Xil? I beat him. But he would do better against an aerial opponent. The Death of Magic. Perhaps I was wrong to make light of him; I cannot fly.”
“He was a fool, Strongest.”
Xil dismissed that with a flap of the wings. He turned over; he was resting in a little bit of shelter. Some leaves he’d attached to some sticks in order to make a safe haven from the heat. From there, he could watch his students training.
He had six right now. More than usual. Orjin doubted Xil knew their names. The [Spearmaster] took pupils like other people drank water and if he remembered their faces, it showed they had real talent.
“It concerns me, Xil. When Lacten returned, we beheld our weakness.”
The Garuda sat up and drank from a bit of water in a bowl. He sighed.
“He showed us nothing. There are strong people in this world. Some fly. Orjin, you did not train to fight enemies in the sky. Consider—if I challenged you now.”
He moved. Xil’s staff shot at Orjin’s forehead, a flash of wood hard enough to shatter bone and pulverize Orjin’s brain.
The Garuda missed. Orjin had leaned sideways, parrying the blow with a hand. It still stung. Xil smiled.
“—it would be hard. I might lose. But now imagine if I flew and refused to come down. I kept throwing rocks at you from afar. What would you do?”
“…Wait for you to tire? Or throw rocks at you. But if you flew that high…”
Orjin grimaced. Another flaw. Xil shrugged.
“But imagine I won, because you tired. Or gave up. Would Pomle accept my victory?”
That was a puzzle. Orjin had to shake his head.
“No. They would not.”
“Exactly. There are limits on how one can defeat the Strongest of Pomle. That would be seen as trickery by some. However, if I flew only to perform my deadliest attacks, to regroup—that would be fine, wouldn’t it?”
“…Yes. What is your point, Xil?”
“We are not equal, you and I.”
The [Spearmaster] tapped Orjin on the chest lightly with his staff. It was just a bit of wood, but he was deadly with it. He had no need for the enchanted spear he had used to set up his bivouac lean-to; a semi-permanent campsite these days. Xil gestured to his spear now.
“With my spear, I would have a better chance of beating you, Orjin. But Pomle would not accept that. With my wings, I could evade you forever. Also unfair. But I was born a Garuda. If I fought the Death of Magic, I would stand a better chance than you because I could fly.”
“I am not complaining that it is unfair, Xil. You have lighter bones. A different structure. I am asking how to make myself better.”
The Garuda sighed.
