Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 5
Erin ran into the garden. Mrsha, Ekirra, and Visma all started as they saw Erin appear. They had been creeping up the hill towards a [Farmer] with tattoos who was carefully replanting glowing, crimson Sage’s Grass into the ready earth.
“Hey, Solstice! Can you keep your kids off my back? They keep bothering me!”
Wailant hollered at Erin. She paused.
“Bothering how?”
“Pelting me with mud balls, stealing my crops—the next time one of them does it, I’ll tan their backsides!”
Erin pointed at the kids.
“He means it. Also, Wailant, if you smack their bottoms, I’ll smack you!”
The [Pirate] gave her a grin. Then he grunted.
“Viceria here yet?”
“She said she’s selling stuff to a guest.”
“Must be some [Trader] stopping by. Won’t they be surprised? Prices on Sage’s Grass just went up since we have a seller’s market.”
The [Farmer] had a [Pirate]’s smile. Erin sighed.
“Mrsha! I’m going to find those nali-sticks! Wanna come? They’re really sweet!”
Erin had tried nali-sticks before. Then, they had been very thin pieces of what she assumed sugarcane looked like on the inside. Of course, she’d seen sugarcane too—bamboo-like sticks. But in her jungle biome, the nali-sticks were actually really hard to find.
“Darn! I thought they’d be obvious. Hey, you three find them?”
“No.”
Visma called out and Mrsha shook her head. Ekirra sniffed around.
“Someone pooed here.”
Erin sighed.
“Yeah. It sucks. You have a garden and someone poos in it, y’know? Hey? Was it you?”
She pointed at Ekirra. The young Gnoll looked up, alarmed. Then he saw Erin’s expression of mock fury and giggled.
“No! Not me! Uh—Visma did it!”
“Liar!”
The Drake girl shrieked. Erin whirled.
“Aha! Punishment for the pooers! Get over here! No, wait, was it you, Mrsha?”
She chased the kids around, yelling scatological questions as they giggled and fled. Erin was smiling and panting after a few minutes, but the kids were very pleased. She gave up on looking for the nali-sticks—and just then saw the thin, brown tube growing in the soil.
It was rather like a stick, only—when you pulled it out, you noticed the brown casing was just an exterior, hiding a terribly sweet, sweet, white interior.
“Woo! Sugar! No, wait. This is super sweet!”
Erin tasted the fresh nali-stick and her mouth nearly went numb with that much sweet. In fact, it was so scarily sweet she was afraid you could get addicted to it. She only let the kids have a little piece before she harvested a few and headed back into the inn.
The kids could play. Erin sat at a table with Relc, Embria, and Palt, sampling the sweet nali and speculating how best to use it. Relc was happy enough to eat a fresh nali-stick raw, but according to Palt, they were addictive.
“And you say smoking’s bad. There are people who can’t live without a nali­-stick a day. Fresh ones are far sweeter than dry, by the way.”
“I can see why. This stuff is great.”
Relc was subtly vibrating. Embria’s eyes widened as she sampled hers.
“This is good. Say, Miss Erin, you wouldn’t mind if I took the rest of this back to share at the barracks? A pity they only grow in Baleros; I could see using these in our field rations.”
“Hey, take these. I’ve got more growing there and I can always plant more.”
Erin smiled and offered Embria eight. The Wing Commander nodded a bit stiffly at Erin, but managed a smile.
“See? I told you coming here has perks.”
Relc grinned at her. Palt nodded as he puffed away.
“Funny you thought of them for combat, Wing Commander. [Soldiers] like using them for the rush they give you.”
“Really?”
