Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 23
“We warned you, Guildmistress. This time—the contract matters.”
It wasn’t fun killing Couriers. The Garuda threw a dart which exploded before it reached Mihaela. She didn’t bother with a retort. She would have charged forwards, but there were too many bodies in the way.
“They keep coming!”
A voice from the closing portal. [The Courier’s Last Road]. A Skill with few flaws. But one was—you could follow a Courier into it. At a cost, of course.
The Ranks were charging into the doorway. And dying. Mihaela backed up. She stared as someone flung an explosive and the [Assassins] at the entrance of the portal were torn apart. And still the others charged, flinging their dying comrades aside.
“Madness.”
She coughed. Ferin shook his head. He adjusted the mithril strands in his left hand, nodded to the others.
“You should have studied the Guild, Guildmistress. The Ranks do not fear death.”
She stared at him. The white-haired [Assassin] was bare-headed despite the mask he wore for protection. A mark of pride. He was old enough to have white hair.
“Do you know how much an [Assassin] of this level costs? Four gold coins. Equipment is extra. A lot—and a little. You can buy one of us in bulk if you know who to ask. The issue isn’t cost, for that matter. It’s supply and demand.”
More Ranks, pouring out of carriages that were more expensive than they were. How many had the Guild decided to spend? For this many Couriers…
“They could become one of us. Rise out of the Ranks to become a Face. All they have to do—is kill a Courier. It’s that or die.”
They poured after her, into a world without oxygen or light—for them.
“The Runner’s Guild will not bow to [Assassins]. You never—Reinhart owned your Guild. Why did you stop?”
Mihaela gasped for air. The Faces watched her, not without sympathy. She was gathering her strength. They were waiting for her failing lungs to weaken her further. Ferin shook his head.
“You should have never stopped running, Godfrey. You lost your edge. We’re [Assassins]. We live to kill.”
It was all the answer she’d get. Mihaela moved, leaping for the portal. The [Trapmaster] flung the mithril thread as the others opened up.
The Assassin’s Guild had a new master now. Also—it was under new management. The old Guildmaster was dead. No one knew that outside of the Guild.
As for why? History. [Assassins] learned from the past. And the lesson that played itself was the same.
That was what Magnolia Reinhart hadn’t realized. She’d tried to tame the Guild by overfeeding the Guildmaster, by making [Assassins] fat and dull their teeth. It had been well done. If they had let her—she would have killed them with peace within a single generation, made them inept, redundant.
But a scorpion lived to sting, a wolf to hunt. She was too used to the breed of [Assassin] like Ressa. For all she had become a Face during her time at the Guild, she was a ‘volunteer’. Ferin and the Ranks hadn’t been asked, or even offered training. Death by peace did not appeal to them.
The Couriers ran. What they should have remembered, though, was that an [Assassin] was diametrically opposed to their way of life. Couriers were usually spontaneous, brave, quick. [Assassins] laid traps. They had seen this group of Couriers coming. The rest was easy.
 
—-
 
Saliss of Lights walked towards the rally point, at the edge of the Hivelands. The last few miles he had to hike with Mivifa and Feathi. Cover and all that.
“I’m bored.”
“Would you stop drinking?”
“I’ll sober up.”
That might be true, but it didn’t stop Mivifa’s glare. Saliss kept complaining.
