Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 3
They were friendly—a group of older Gnolls, younger ones, and a few dedicated experts who took the wool the Longstalkers harvested and turned it into thread, even bolts of cloth they sold for lots of coin. Their cloth would never lose its color, and the magical cloths were sold to distant nations across the sea by enterprising [Merchants].
The group welcomed her, tossing her hot, filled pockets of baked pastry they liked to eat on the march. Savory over sweet; and they loved their often-sour dipping sauces. Inkar ate as she rode. Not two months ago this very same group of mostly-female Gnolls had been trying to get her kicked out of the tribe. But they’d made amends.
Inkar had adjusted easily to the Gnoll tribe at first. Still. She might have come from a country with its roots in the very same lifestyle the Gnolls lived, but Inkar felt in her very bones that she had gone back in time, as well as to a land of furry-folk with swords and sorcery.
She knew what they lacked. It had become apparent the moment she’d stepped into their weaving tents and seen how they made the wool into cloth.
The Longstalker’s Fangs had a traditional loom, which they took apart and put together from bags of holding each time they stopped. Looms, in fact. Bags of holding, those miraculous storage containers, allowed them to work while maintaining a nomadic lifestyle. Food, supplies—it lightened their loads far more than on Earth.
…But the looms were low-tech. Inkar was no expert on loom-advancement through the ages. But she knew they were working far, far slower than a loom from her world. She’d described the ones that could work via electricity—or just a foot pedal—and spent fruitless hours trying to puzzle one out with scraps of parchment.
In the end, she had failed. Looms were incredibly hard! But spurred by that idea, the tribe had been far more open to the actual, concrete technology which they would bring to the Meeting of Tribes. They had listened, given her wood, metal, the help of their craftspeople to experiment.
And then she had succeeded.
Inkar had not made a loom. Looms were complex. She had no idea how to create…most modern electrical devices. Their [Blacksmith] and [Shaman] had taken one look at the inside of her smartphone and shaken their heads. Inkar had puzzled it over and come to a solution as she helped make thread.
Inkar the [Weaver]. But more than weaving took place in the tents. To make wool into clothing, you had to do a lot more than weave. For instance, it had to be carded, washed…
And spun. That was the breakthrough moment.
Gnolls were not without technology like Earth’s. They’d had spinning technology from the beginning. The spinning wheel that allowed people to take wool, or cotton, and turn it into the first bits of string in the long process of making cloth existed in both worlds from antiquity.
How could it not? Even with classes, without a spinning wheel you had to do that by hand. However, the difference between worlds became apparent there.
On Earth, Humans had kept working on the wheel, eventually making it an automated, powered device like the loom which allowed them to remove most of the manual labor in the device.
People in this world had invented the wheel and called it good. And it was not hard to see why, honestly.
“Gnolls who get the right Skills, like [Finer Thread], [Cleansed Materials], or even [Twofold Yield]—they take such jobs. It is about Skills, Inkarr.”
“Inkar. Do you do it by…paw? There are not spinners that move by themselves? With power?”
