Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 25
Inky spat black ink towards the slug. It hit the gel antennae and the slug paused. But it tried to bite again. It was—fast! Not like a regular slug! The body was a lot more compact, and it moved like—
Wil reached for his sword. He drew it, shakily. He was no [Blademaster]. But he knew how to fight. His sword was enchanted and he circled left, slashing at the slug’s side. He saw the tip of his sword open the thing’s side. But like Inky’s blade, it was just superficial. The slug was thick and it’s organs, while visible, weren’t easily reachable. And—
It turned, biting. Wil saw the rotating jaw of teeth, jerked backwards.
“Stay back!”
Inky shouted at him. She was slashing as she advanced, using her octopus leg to change her position quickly—it was far stronger than her Human leg and let her leap from spot to spot. Wil saw more [Sailors] fighting. He backed up and the slug came at him.
Strike, strike—it was able to coil and lunge like a snake! Wil cursed. He reached for one of the expendable scrolls he didn’t have. And he tripped backwards. The slug reared up.
“Slugs? Damn.”
Merrik towed Wil back. A feathered shape exploded past Wil’s head. Peki kicked the slug back and Wil saw the huge body smack across the deck. The [Martial Artist] landed and punched into the slug’s body. Wil saw her fists tear straight through the membrane. Peki yanked out a bundle of organs.
“Ew.”
That was all Wil could think to say. But the slug was still moving. It writhed, snapping at Peki. She shed the glistening innards as she dodged backwards. She kicked and punched it again, tearing out more organs. But it refused to die easy.
And more were coming. Dozens and dozens of slugs were pouring over the sides of the ship. But The Emerald Signet was awake. Merrik grinned at Wil.
“Hey, Wil! Get behind us! Peki! Back up! [Giant’s Hammer]!”
He roared as he charged. Peki jumped back and for a second Merrik’s hammer rose and fell.
The deck shook. The slug exploded . Merrik turned, grimacing; he had the innards all over his body.
“Grandfather’s hammers! It’s in my beard! Peki, did you hit the brain?”
“Thought I did. Kept moving.”
The Garuda complained. Wil staggered forwards. Then he shouted.
“Peki! Merrik! Behind you!”
The two turned. Six slugs were crawling over the railings. Merrik swore.
“Damn. Wil, back up! We’ve got—”
“Starboard! Where’s Captain Lasc?”
Inky pointed. The students turned. Two dozen slugs had taken the railing and were flanking the [Sailors]. Wil stared about. They were being flooded by the slugs! He saw a [Sailor] slashing with a sword, but he was outmatched. The slug fell on him and bit—the man cried out, looking shocked as he tried to get away. Wil raced forwards, stabbing. He hit something in the slug’s body but it refused to get off the man. Merrik and Peki were battling the ones around them.
“Wil! Watch your left!”
The [Lord] rolled just in time. A second slug dove at him. He saw more figures dashing on deck. A familiar bellowing voice roared.
“Clear the way!”
Venaz had his armor on. And this time he carried no sword and shield, but a battleaxe. He charged as the slugs oozed towards Wil. One reared up as the Minotaur, eyes glowing red, raised his axe with a roar of fury.
Venaz swung horizontally towards the slug’s midsection. He cleaved through the organs, the body—the slug’s torso fell to the ground, shaking. The Minotaur turned. He saw another slug, brought his axe down vertically and chopped through the slug, into the deck.
“Green hells! What are these things?”
