Interlude – Two Rats
Page 10
“You came here because I told you they sold steaks at any hour, made well, yes? Don’t lie. And if it bothers you so, I can take little Mrsha into the city. Honored Krshia wanted me to anyways. This inn’s too crowded for a Gnoll child. She should run free for a bit, right?”
She winked at Mrsha. The Gnoll nodded rapidly. Someone understood! She wagged her tail as the two rats squeaked. Raekea smiled at Mrsha again.
“I’ve been meaning to talk to Krshia about this. I know she lets little Mrsha come to her apartment, but we should let her visit more of us. Would you like that, Mrsha? You are a Gnoll, after all. And it is not good to be apart from your true people. Ishkr and the others are fine, but you are also a Plains Gnoll, born and true. Some of us in Liscor are such, and you should be with us more often.”
She held out a paw and Mrsha, beaming, took it. Both [Armorer] and [Druid]’s tails wagged, because it was true. They were both Plains Gnolls. Raekea saw Mrsha nod excitedly and she stood up.
“Well then, why not now? I’ll head to Liscor with Mrsha, husband dearest. To spare you from fear of rats. Better hide them too, Mrsha. Or else Miss Lyonette might kick up a fuss! Humans and Drakes are weird about rodents. But they don’t mind rabbits.”
She laughed and Mrsha laughed silently too. She ran to get her belt pouch, overjoyed. She’d get to go to Liscor! Raekea bent down and kissed her husband on the cheek. He smiled at her, but then called out as they left his table.
“It’s not just me being picky about rats, Raeky! It’s you Gnolls being weird! It’s not—”
He looked around for confirmation. Unfortunately, he met the eyes of the red Garuda who was enjoying a hamburger at the next table. She shrugged.
“Hey, I like rats, Mister. Don’t know what your problem is.”
The Drake [Blacksmith] sighed. And Mrsha, after some debate, held Raekea’s hand as she hid the two squirming rats in her special belt pouch. And Lyonette sighed, but nodded.
“You can go, Mrsha. But don’t make trouble for Miss Raekea!”
She turned to the female Gnoll.
“I do appreciate it. I’d take Mrsha myself, but…”
Lyonette indicated the busy inn. Raekea bared her teeth in the big Gnoll grin. Drakes did it too; only Humans got nervous when they saw all those teeth. She nodded as Mrsha held her paw.
“Of course. Mrsha will be fine, I promise. And we will be among our own kind. I will let her play in the park.”
Our own kind. How long had it been since she’d been accepted by other Gnolls? Not since her fur turned white. Mrsha’s heart leapt and she smiled proudly at Raekea. The [Armorer] winked as Lyonette nodded distractedly.
“Sounds great! I’ve got to run. Tell Erin I need her help if she’s not busy! If she’s causing a scene, don’t tell her I said that!”
 
—-
 
And in the city, Mrsha walked with Raekea, carefully holding her squirming belt pouch with one paw, Raekea’s paw with the other. She walked on two legs as the older Gnoll gently led her through crowded streets. And Raekea chatted to her, as only a Gnoll could.
“It will be a grand thing for you, Mrsha child. This Meeting of the Tribes. Not only will you come, you will be the honored guest of the Silverfang Tribe. Ours. I think I will go, if I can. Krshia will of course; and some others from the city. But you will be with us. You must!”
Mrsha looked up anxiously. Among so many other Gnolls? Raekea just smiled and squeezed gently. Her paws were rougher from swinging a hammer, but her smile was very kind.
“Of course. You know magic.”
