Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 14
“Good. Well, I say good, but my eldest is having trouble in his woodworking business.”
“Oh. I’m sorry to hear that.”
One of the [Assassins] was working with her alchemy draughts, keeping the smoke away from the other hooded figure with glittering eyes and a long blade. He just nodded at the [Trapmaster].
“Unmarked Coach?”
“That’s right. I don’t know how you two could stand to go on foot.”
The man with the long blade, whom the other two [Assassins] sat far away from, grunted. They were on the same side, but standing in his range still made them instinctually nervous.
“That Djinni makes me uneasy. Can’t sleep.”
“Too expensive for me. I have to save up. Overhead is what it is, and the kids and pets need funding…well, looks like we have time to wait for the others. Anyone see the duel?”
“That [Duelist]-[King] wasn’t bad. But I could have done better.”
The [Assassin] with the sword made the older [Trapmaster] sigh. There really were just universal gossip topics that everyone from the underworld to the monarchy liked talking about. But before he got into the discussion, he had to bring something up.
“Hey Mire, guess what I met on my ride here?”
“…A Named Adventurer? I don’t know.”
“Nope. A Vampire.”
“Really?”
The other two [Assassins] looked up. Mire corked a bubbling concoction.
“Now that’s interesting. Related to one of our own?”
“Nope. New. She had a strong reaction to even a bit of garlic.”
“Fascinating. You meet all kinds, don’t you?”
The [Assassin] settled back, stretching out to wait. There was no fire, but he was warm enough. He had a target, he knew the score. All that was left was waiting. He looked at the others.
“Yup. So what are we having for dinner? Fancy playing cards to see who buys from the city? I learned a new game.”
“Sure. Why not?”
“Not shellfish. I’m allergic to shellfish.”
 
—-
 
Now.
The Runner did better than projected. Statistically, most failed during the soporific gas corridor, the shadow familiars got them, or they lost to the Runemark Golems. But this Runner did well, despite losing their objects.
They ran. Fighting, cursing—but their end was what got almost all of the intruders. Only five had ever made it past the Chamber of Insanity, based on an Albezian trap style. And without artifacts, this Runner’s mental charm broke in front of the repeated glyphs.
The shadow familiars carried them, babbling, into one of the holding cells for the Archmage of Izril to investigate. And that was a death sentence because she hadn’t investigated for oh, six years.
She sat there, and one of her fractured mental processes abandoned tracking the intruder. It rejoined the rest, allowing her to think at a lightly improved rate. She didn’t ‘think’ about the fate of the Human Courier with a touch of Lizardfolk blood in him.
Salamani the Mage Runner lay in the cell. Defeated by the mansion. He had prepared well. He had high levels, experience—even then, he should have known better.
But Lady Ieka Imarris had offered such a high reward for getting to the Archmage before the young City Runner could. She’d massively inflated her previous reward to entice Salamani to accept. After all, she couldn’t have Miss Griffin dying on a suicide mission. And if the Courier couldn’t do it…what hope had Ryoka?
