Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 38
Pisces had never, ever imagined his class put to this use. It wasn’t easy; the living were not the undead, and Pisces was still an expert in death. He made mistakes. He could undo them, mostly, but Riqre would accept any accidental flaw.
“One gambles, Igheriz, and I shall accept failure for perfection. This one will be sold.”
A [Slave] screamed and fell to her knees, weeping. Pisces looked at the slightly bowed arm which he’d been unable to correct; some kind of fragility of the bone, and he didn’t know how to fix it. Riqre just patted her on the head, and turned away as [Guards] dragged her off.
The worst part was that Pisces was learning. Necromancy was a forgiving art. You could replace faulty construction with magic, so that joints didn’t have to rotate entirely properly; an undead could be less than stable. Naturally, an expert like Az’kerash had perfect symmetry and function, and he had castigated Pisces in their brief lessons, although Pisces was good.
On the living, he had to be perfect. It got so that he was thinking of new improvements as he looked about. Riqre still made the same threat.
Each night, Pisces had to improve a fellow [Slave]. Improve in such a way it was a clear and telling upgrade, or Riqre would undo all of Pisces’ work and heal the broken bones wrong.
The first night it was Shein. The second?
 
—-
 
Cawe didn’t flinch, but stared down at her broken hands. Talons, rather. Her fragile wing-arms and the joints in her hands had broken swiftly.
She hadn’t said a word. She just—grinned at Pisces.
“What am I getting, fabulous Pisces? Extra long talons? Poison sacs? I’m a [Pickpocket]. I need nimble fingers, not…”
She cut off, swaying. It had to hurt, as bone rearranged in flesh. Pisces spoke, trying to alternatively meet her eyes and…not.
“Nimble fingers, Cawe. I am articulating her joints, Emir Riqre. So she has more mobility.”
“Like Human fingers! Excellent! Can she bend them backwards?”
“Would you like me to?”
Pisces regretted the question almost instantly. Riqre took him at face value.
“Yes. Try that.”
Cawe stared at Pisces as the [Necromancer] hesitated. She whispered.
“Pisces, let me give you a piece of advice. I’m no [Necromancer], but I think I have an idea how to make this work better.”
He glanced up.
“Yes?”
“Stop talking.”
It was still done in a trice. Cawe blinked as she opened and closed her clawed hands. Garuda had grasping talons, reminiscent of a bird’s, but with thumb-claws, and four fingers. They were still noticeably more clumsy than a Human’s hands because their joints lacked the same number of articulation points.
Now she had three instead of two on her fingers. She stared uneasily at first at her hands, then shrugged.
“I liked my old hands better.”
“Ah, but perhaps this is an improvement? This…a lesser man would think it small, but I know how many bones are in the hand. Well done, Pisces.”
Riqre beamed, pleased, and Pisces relaxed. So did Cawe, who ducked her head and avoided any flippant comments around her. Pisces…saw Riqre lose interest in Cawe at once, noting her cracked beak and less-than-perfect plumage. He turned to Pisces.
“Tomorrow will be a harder test. Think of…spines next.”
“No.”
Pisces said it quickly. Riqre’s brows crossed.
“Ah, Pisces. Afraid of a challenge?”
“I do not have the skill to fix a spine, Riqre. Igheriz would…lose any [Slave], no matter how hard I worked. That is not a lie.”
Riqre drummed his fingers on his side.
“It isn’t, is it? What a pity. I would still love for you to learn…”
