Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 12
This was an astonishing sum. Hrome talked to Pisces the next day, explaining.
“Slaves are expensive, Pisces. But even the average Gold-rank might barely go for a hundred thousand gold pieces—without artifacts, of course! Mm. Perhaps they could double that if they had an unusual class or comely looks, but you?”
“I’m delighted to be worth so much.”
Pisces replied drily; he was riding, now, the better for Hrome to talk to him. The other [Caravan Master] had apparently elected to follow Igheriz, at least for now, and unfortunately, that meant their already-swift pace had more than doubled. They were passing by Illivere in a storm of movement, heading towards what had once been Tiqr.
“Ah! Another bid has gone up! Once again, the Emira! And once again, overtaken by Emir Hestute!”
It seemed like there were a few big bidders who really, really wanted Pisces. The Emira Se-Hexri, a Naga, Emir Hestute, and…one they only called the Naga. As if there were only one.
“Who is…the Naga? As opposed to this Emira Se-Hexri?”
Hrome stroked his chin and for some reason, glanced around.
“The Naga? Ah—Emira Se-Hexri is a recluse, you see. Rarely seen. It is odd that she should be so enamored of you, but perhaps she finds you as fascinating as I! But the Naga? There is only one. Emir Yazdil. Have you not heard one of the ten thousand legends told about him?”
Pisces had not. But Hrome and the other [Guards], even Igheriz, promptly told him a dozen.
“It is said he slew his greatest enemy, the foolish Emir Darsul, with his faithful servant, who climbed the tower, slaughtered each [Guard] without anyone hearing, and slipped past every ward and trap to kill him.”
“He has sent fleets that would make even the House of Minos tremble—each one full of gold and [Slaves] and treasure to his friends!”
“They say each servant of his is superior to any other. Even that he sells Djinni he does not find worth keeping! If you would be one of his, you should be lucky indeed, for the Emir does not even chain his servants!”
Well now, wouldn’t that be nice? Pisces decided there were worse fates than that—but the Emir Yazdil seemed like a powerful figure. Perhaps it would be better to fall into this reclusive Emira’s hands.
 
—-
 
Pisces did not know how true that was. Az’kerash, far distant, had finally found him. And the Necromancer was engaged in a bidding war to end all bidding wars with the Naga.
The Naga wanted Pisces too, but Emir Yazdil was also curious why the reclusive Se-Hexri was so interested. Of course, that just meant he bid more and more, knowing there was something there to win. After all—the Naga did not like losing.
As for Emir Hestute—he was just there.
 
—-
 
Four hundred thousand gold pieces?
When she first heard of the sum, Eloque had to gasp. She was worth a fraction of that price! Then—her lip curled and she was a bit disgusted with herself.
It was the way of [Slaves] to value themselves on how much they had been sold for. She was a [Slave], and had been one for nearly four years, now, but unlike Chandrar’s people, this was not normal to her.
She was from Baleros. Baleros, and [Slaves] were not so common. She wondered if another year would erode more of her sensibilities.
Even so, four hundred thousand gold was four hundred thousand gold no matter how far across the world you went and such a princely sum justified all the attention Pisces was getting.
They still had not met, yet Eloque found herself thanking Pisces even further; the obsessed Hrome meant that Igheriz drank and socialized. Less time to spend with her.
