Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 42
Captain Lasc bellowed orders. He was navigating the ship, somehow finding a course. The waves grew higher. Wil saw one rise over the ship; it would have destroyed the mast had the sail still been attached. It smashed the deck.
A [Storm Sailor] was blown over the sides. No one was able to find them in the surf. The students and most of the crew sheltered belowdecks as water ran below. They bailed, desperately, running up and taking cover from waves.
Only Captain Lasc stayed at the helm, refusing to budge. The waves shook his ship. But the [Storm Captain] screamed defiance and sailed through wave after wave.
Wil didn’t know how much time passed. Hours. Then—days. The battering of the storm became background noise. He didn’t know where they were—if they were nearing the edge of the storm.
But they were still being chased. Twice, Wil saw the two ships. The Passing Shadow surfaced and Lasc took them into the storm rather than fight.
Yet, the Illuminary was the more deadly foe. It broke through the waves, a beacon in the darkness. Wil saw Lasc turning his ship. It was hot on their tail.
“Captain!”
One last ploy. One bit of strategy. Wil saw Rasea, a glowing figure on her shining ship. He thought he heard her laugh as she shot after his ship. Captain Zecrew shot forwards as a massive wave engulfed The Emerald Signet. Wil shouted.
“Now!”
Captain Lasc turned the ship. It stopped—the crew extinguished all the lights. Wil saw the Illuminary shoot over a wave.
Rasea was at the helm of her ship, staring ahead. She was laughing as the wind whipped at her hat and clothing. She shot forwards, chasing The Emerald Signet. She never saw the hiding ship as the waves rolled up, obscuring everything.
“I hope I never meet her again.”
Yerranola had found a new body. She shuddered as the Illuminary became a distant glow in the waters, surging forwards. Merrik stared after Rasea.
“Ah, but I like her. Shame she keeps trying to kill us.”
They lost the Illuminary. Therrium’s ship? They saw and lost and saw it again. But the storm was their foe. Lasc traded places with Delivan, and then Inky, as they lashed themselves to the helm. And—slowly—they broke clear of the storm.
The rains lessened. The waves stopped throwing the boat. Wil didn’t know when it happened. But one day he woke, and the heaving was gone. He stumbled up abovedecks and saw a blue sky.
“Sky!”
Peki was laughing and flying overhead. The crew cheered. Captain Lasc, panting, looked around.
“If any of you were [Sailors]—you’d be [Storm Sailors], Lord Kallinad. After that? After that battle?”
“We’ve all leveled. That’s prize enough, Captain Lasc. What now?”
Wil had the Mirrorblade sheathed at his side. Venaz had constructed a harness for it on his back for his greatsword; he only moved like a blur when he was holding it, though. A small flaw in a miraculous artifact. Even Feshi acknowledged the power of her sword. But she candidly feared what her clan would say.
Yet—they were not done yet. Lasc looked around. And he calculated their position.
“We’re in range of a port. We’ll make for it at once. Fortune favors us. We’re close to the exact spot you’d want us to be, Lord Kallinad.”
“Really? Where?”
The [Storm Captain] smiled wearily. He pointed in the distance, and far, so far Wil could barely see it, something broke the horizon.
“The Walled City of Zeres. Once we reach it—we’ll be safe. The Drakes are as secure as The House of Minos.”
“Almost.”
