Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 8
Erin was happy, especially because Altestiel was an opponent she had to concentrate against. She could and had smoked some players while not even looking at the board, cooking and cleaning. But Altestiel was one of the few who could challenge her and beat her with anything like regularity, especially if he used a Skill.
They went over to a board that was already waiting. Half of the retinue wanted to follow, but the Earl made them sit, much to Erin’s relief. They weren’t bored, for all they seemed to think the inn was beneath them.
When they saw their liege lord would be occupied, some went to the weights room, another went to play cards, and some more to watch the play in the other half of the inn. The [Silence] spell and a curtain really did do wonders to make the actor’s setup feel like a different place entirely.
“It’s great to have an opponent who’s free. Um—I mean, I have the chessboard…a different opponent, then.”
“Yes. The magic chessboard. Quite an interesting thing, isn’t it?”
Despite her canny chess opening, Erin had walked into that conversation. She hesitated as she placed a piece.
“…Yeah. Any ideas who might own it?”
“A few. But I would not like to guess. Anyone can commission a magical chessboard with the means, of course.”
“Mhm. Well, they’re a good player. Beat me yesterday.”
It had been a good game. Erin was just frustrated she lost. She was competitive where chess was concerned. Altestiel smiled, thinking over his next piece.
“I cannot think of many who could beat you in a game of chess. That narrows it down quite a bit. But again, it would be speculation. An educated speculation, but…I have to say—it was worth travelling this far to meet you, Miss Solstice. My only regret is that I will have to return to Desonis soon.”
“Really? Aw. Your vacation is ending?”
Kiish, who’d refused to go too far, coughed. Altestiel hesitated and his genial, rather smoothly-calm expression flickered.
“I—may have extended my stay.”
Another pointed cough.
“Her Majesty—”
“Kiish? Why don’t you stand over there?”
Altestiel pointed. Kiish hesitated, then slunk off. She peeked at them as Erin eyed Altestiel.
“Marching orders?”
He actually laughed at that.
“My [Queen] is capable of giving them to me. But we’re not at war—it’s just this Ailendamus business. She would rather have me closer to home, rather than separated by a sea if the worst came to it.”
“Oh, the war. Right. Um…how much trouble are you in?”
A loud cough. The Earl’s smile really twitched.
“Kiish? I will make you wait by the outhouses. Nothing to worry about, Miss Solstice. A bit of royal displeasure fades.”
Erin raised her eyebrows. The [Knight Marshal] looked at her, and then sighed.
“—The royal decree may have come yesterday. You see, we’d been nearly a month over our projected time already, travelling, touring before reaching Invrisil. But one day won’t trouble her Majesty. No matter what kind of…threats…she may make in anger.”
“Uh oh. Why are you staying, then?”
The Earl paused. It was a rare moment when he was being routed in words—thanks to Kiish—as well as on the chessboard. Refreshing, really. If it was another opponent who wasn’t so enjoyable? He might have been rather annoyed, or at least, competitive.
But he wasn’t just playing chess. The Earl Altestiel of Desonis was, if you asked Olesm or his adjutants, or many of his enemies, a rather clever man.
A [Knight Marshal]. Not low-level. He solved problems, and those problems were sometimes entire armies. He was clever enough to read the signs placed all over the inn. To ask questions about the history.
