Interlude – The Gecko of Illusions
Page 3
“The entire fleet, yes. We can spare a few ships if you think it’s wise, but we need to be landing in Nadel by nightfall, Dakelos.”
“Nadel? But that’s the territory of Lord Belchaus!”
Dakelos nearly fell over himself. And his voice was too loud; [Sailors] looked up and gaped. Was Ailendamus going to war against Lord Belchaus Meron, the Lord of the Dance? His harbors were practically unassailable! Even with the entire navy at his back, Dakelos wouldn’t like fighting there.
But Yerzhen just growled at him.
“Not so loud, man! I’ll tell you when we get to the cabin! But take the fleet! I’ll need to borrow half your [Sailors]—those who can fight on land. Should have told you earlier. Don’t tell his Majesty or I’ll be on the chopping block. Again!”
His voice was no less quiet, for all he was trying to growl. Dakelos hurried into his cabin and the [General] yanked the door shut.
“Get the fleet moving. I’ve got the Pride loaded with as many of our elites as we can. Dead gods, even the Thirsting Veil has committed sixty of its [Knights].”
“Sixty? Then this is an assault? We can’t take Nadel with our fleet, Yerzhen. Not even if we had three times our numbers…”
“Admiral? Do you still need me?”
The [Fleet Mage] called from outside the office. Distracted, Dakelos saw Yerzhen drawing a line across his throat.
“No lower-ranks, Dakelos. Can’t risk word spreading.”
“Of course. You’re dismissed! Man your stations!”
The Admiral called out. Now that they were alone, and discussing war, he saw the [General] straighten and look a lot more reassuring…solid. Stumbling he might have been across the decks, but Yerzhen’s voice was like a rock.
“We’re not assaulting Nadel, Dakelos. The opposite. Lord Belchaus is allowing our ships to land. He’s not happy about it, but he’s given us a window. From there—my troops and your [Sailors] will disembark and move westwards. We will set up camp and prepare to flank the Dawn Concordat when the war begins. In six days.”
Dakelos’ jaw dropped.
“But Lord Belchaus has always been neutral…”
Infamously so, in fact. The [General] winked at him.
“His Majesty knew that. But even the Lord of the Dance or whatever he’s called can see the way the wind is blowing. There were a lot of [Diplomats], contracts—none of my business. I’m just to take my men and yours and prepare for an attack when Calanfer commits its forces northwards. We play this right and we’ll take the capital on the seventh day and be sipping wine in a week!”
It could work. The [General] was flipping through the maps, tracing a route overland from Nadel to Calanfer. Dakelos couldn’t believe it.
“So this interdiction of smuggled goods—”
“Just to get you boys out here. You think we were going to have you sit here for months?”
That was what the [Admiral] had thought. But—what genius. And getting the Lord of the Dance? He felt the ship turning. The entire navy was following Itorin’s Pride.
Something did bug Dakelos, though. He’d thought the Pride was actually much further north. And it was moving so fast—he looked warily at the [General].
“I’m sorry, General Yertzhen. But this is just so sudden. Shouldn’t we send at least an affirmative back to the capital…?”
The [General] looked askance.
