Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 17
“We can’t cancel the scrying spell, Captain Lasc. They have us via remote surveillance, not a scrying spell. But we can lose the spell if we sail through fog or anything to obstruct it. I heard at least four different groups being shouted at us.”
“So did I. Each one dangerous names. We can’t fight any of ‘em. Not with a third of my crew. We sail for the House of Minos at once! To the sails! Get me my emergency items!”
Captain Lasc roared. [Sailors] ran. They were understaffed, but there were enough to do the work. Wil saw the boom turning; he looked around.
“Merrik! Get the scrying orb!”
“Why? So we can see that idiot who’s given us away?”
The Dwarf groused. Wil pointed.
“So we can see who’s coming after us! Venaz! Contact the House of Minos!”
“I need a [Message] spell!”
The Minotaur ran belowdecks. Wil saw Captain Lasc gritting his teeth.
“We’re less than a day away. If I use all of my [Gale] scrolls. We’ll blow a maelstrom into our sails, Lord Kallinad. But I don’t know if—”
He broke off. Wil saw the [Captain] stare at something past his head. Wil felt a shadow fall over his back. He heard a sound, roaring water.
Slowly, he turned. A warship had surfaced next to The Emerald Signet. And a Drowned Man stood on the railings, looking down at the two. He was half-Eel, his body rubbery. And he wore a [Captain]’s hat. He aimed a sword down at the crew as he spoke.
“I am Captain Therrium of The Passing Shadow. The ship behind you is The Sinking Light. We are the Undersea Crews. Surrender the treasure to us and you will live. Resist—and die.”
The Drowned Man’s crew stood at the railings. Aiming weapons down. Wil froze. He saw Captain Lasc hesitate. And then take his hand off the wheel. Slowly, he raised his hands.
“Salt take me. How long were you there? We watched the sea—”
“From the beginning. We dove lower than your eyes, [Storm Captain].”
A woman with a starfish’s body on her right half grinned down at Lasc. And on the other side—the other Drowned Ship was closing. Wil Kallinad closed his eyes. He heard boot steps on the deck. And then—the Drowned Folk were herding the [Sailors] into the center of the boat.
“Wil!”
Yerranola shouted. The students had their weapons out, but the Drowned Crew surrounded them. Captain Therrium glanced dismissively at Peki and Merrik as they backed up.
“Hold your blades, landfolk. I don’t intend to spill your blood. And I would have let you pick up the last of the treasure. But those idiots leaked too much information. So. This is it?”
He scowled, but smiled as he strode over to Kheltian casket. The crew was frozen as the Drowned Folk clustered around. Therrium sighed.
“Ah.”
“You’re making an enemy of the Titan of Baleros, Captain Therrium. And House Kallinad. I beg you, don’t do this.”
Wil’s heart was breaking. He saw the [Depth Captain] turn his head. The man smiled.
“I fear no landman, [Lordling]. Open the casket.”
He pointed at a [Depth Sailor]. Cautiously, the man did—using an oar. Therrium sighed as the diamond blades flashed with light. He nodded.
“We’ll take nothing else. Grab the casket and put it on my ship. Leave the landfolk unless they resist.”
He strode past Wil as the Drowned Crew cheered. Well—the ones from the other ship looked disgruntled, but a group of the [Depth Sailors] seized the chest. Wil stared at Therrium. The Drowned Man paused.
“It’s nothing personal, Lord Kallinad. You did much that even seafolk acknowledge. But your adventure was failed from the start. Thank yon friends for it.”
He nodded at Venaz and Yerranola. They paled.
“I’m so sorry, Wil—”
