Interlude – Numbtongue (Pt.1)
Page 27
“That is Belgrade’s job. I am here to assist. And let the Workers and Soldiers relax. But perhaps it would be wise to supervise the construction? We are only restoring the third floor, but there is a good vantage of our groundwork for your future plans. Perhaps we should take a look? Together?”
He looked at Erin. So did Lyonette. Erin looked up and didn’t think twice. She nodded.
“Go for it. We can hold down the fort, Lyonette. Take a break.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yup. Go for it! I’ll—handle anything that comes up.”
It was dangerous to say, but the way Pawn brightened was worth it. Lyonette smiled and reached out. She held his hand and they walked upstairs to ‘supervise’ the ‘construction’. Which probably meant exactly that, but with hand holding. Archer B19 trundled after them, after saying goodbye to Erin. The [Innkeeper] sighed, and then turned to Xif, who looked dumbstruck.
“Crazy kids, huh? Wanna nobble on something?”
Xif stared at Erin blankly.
“Nobble?”
She laughed and looked around for some food. She had to be a good host to the Gnoll and keep him from the politics until he wanted to—and then only for a bit. And she had to make sure the staff had food and could do their jobs while Lyonette was on break. And where was Mrsha?
So much to do. And yet, Numbtongue’s expression remained in Erin’s mind. She had to talk to him. But—could he wait? Just for an hour? Or two? Or four? Then she could listen to whatever was on his mind. And she would. But she was so busy right now. Erin chewed her lip, and then forgot about Numbtongue when she saw Mrsha trying to peek inside Maughin’s neck cavity. And by the time she remembered the Hobgoblin and went to look for him, it was already too late.
 
—-
 
This was what happened. Outside the inn, another force was moving across the Floodplains. The Antinium. Not the construction team working on Erin’s inn, but a second force. A larger one.
Painted Soldiers. They stormed across the Floodplains, invading Shield Spider nests, wiping them out with brutal efficiency. And their actions went completely unnoticed by the crowd in Erin’s inn. By all of Liscor, actually.
It was ironic. Not two days ago, the Painted Soldiers had been the talk of the town. People had been gathered on the walls to watch them. And yesterday and today they’d been doing their jobs, just like yesterday. It wasn’t as if spider-killing season ended just after a single day, after all. But apparently, no one but the Painted Soldiers cared anymore. The City Watch was leaving the duty to them and the 4th Company was busy raising support for Lism in the city or strategically lifting with Grimalkin.
No one cared about the Painted Soldiers anymore, when all eyes had been on them yesterday. But that was okay. They cared about themselves. And they had a job to do.
Kill the spiders. They ran, a wall of black carapace mixed with paint. And a wall fell into the nests, pounding the eggs and spiders flat, moving over the hills and avoiding the valleys filled with muck. The Painted Soldiers were in tip-top form, but they pushed beyond even their regular limits.
Because of him. Yellow Splatters, the giant, their [Sergeant]. He had returned. He was leading them. He had a voice. And like their duty, the excitement and reaction his presence provoked among the Painted Soldiers didn’t fade after a single day either. So they ran, arms and legs pumping, racing to do their job. They were…happy.
