Interlude – Meetings and Friendships
Page 9
The Gnoll [Head Waiter] nodded. Numbtongue walked off. Mrsha stealthily padded towards the hallway with Apista on her head and Bird followed with his bow and fishing rods.
Good thing Ishkr had been there. Drassi or Erin or Lyonette asked questions. Ishkr raised his voice as the B-Team headed for Numbtongue’s door.
“Numbtongue.”
They froze. The Hobgoblin turned back. Ishkr gestured around the inn.
“We need to hire a few new people. If you see Lyonette or Erin, can you let them know to talk to me? Erin ran out looking for something and Lyonette is negotiating.”
The Hobgoblin gave the Gnoll a thumbs-up.
“Will do.”
The plan wasn’t compromised. The team strolled for the doors, as calm as could be. Numbtongue cracked the door open and they filed through.
They found themselves high, high above Liscor. In the lower reaches of the High Passes. Numbtongue’s explorations had led him ever-higher as he spelunked in caves and mined. And he had found, quite coincidentally, a pond at higher altitudes.
The water actually led downwards, but this pond had a small population of fish. Fish with huge teeth and a curious body type. Erin had dubbed them ‘flatfish’ and they had nearly eaten her way back when she’d first come to Liscor.
“Saw this when hiking. Here. Mrsha and Apista, stay back.”
Numbtongue passed out rods and Bird helped bait the hooks with a dead bird and some worms—maggots—he’d cultivated. Mrsha cast her line into the pond from afar.
They were fishing. Mrsha got the first bite and the Hobgoblin and Antinium had to help her reel the fish in before it dragged her into the pond. But it was fishing.
Not all adventures had to be disastrous tales of adventure and woe. Sometimes you just went fishing. Mrsha energetically helped Bird beat the flatfish to death as it flopped around, trying to bite or get back into the water. It would make a great lunch. Apista kept watch for Eater Goats, giant centipedes, Stone Starers, Gargoyles, or anything else. Numbtongue played some music while they fished.
And in that way, the B-Team completely missed the drama with Maviola El.
 
—-
 
They found her right before she got to The Wandering Inn. Maviola El and Olesm had elected to walk rather than wait the customary five minutes for the door to be checked. Of course, progress being what it was, some people now complained about having to wait five minutes to visit Celum, or Pallass, or Invrisil.
Inside the inn, Erin was trying to explain the billiards table to the people in the rec room. It had just been dragged in by Antinium after being made by a [Carpenter]. Of course, the Antinium had decided the best way was just to remove the outside wall of the rec room, carry in the pool table, and rebuild the wall. Now, guests were clustered around, sensing something interesting. Among them, Wilovan and Ratici.
“Have we met? Well, this is a billiards table. See—it’s the right shape. I’m just missing felt.”
“Felt?”
The Gnoll and Drake glanced at each other, then at the sticks, balls, and the table with carved sockets. Erin nodded.
“Okay, the felt slows the balls and makes it—I dunno—atmospheric. I also put chalk on the tips—I’m going to try other stuff. But how you play the game is like this. You ‘rack’ the balls like this…”
There was an ale in Menolit’s claw. And he watched as Erin played a game with the two Gentlemen Callers. The [Veteran] watched as she showed them the point—to get the balls into the corners while the opponent tried to do the same while avoiding the eight-ball.
“That looks like fun.”
