Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 11
The [Sentry Leader] laughed.
“I forgot! City Runner…right. You would be closer to us than this lot.”
He nodded at the guards as another shout came out.
“Appraisal done! Luan…Khumalo! K-h-u-malo! Level 28 [Expert Rower], Level 16…[Athlete]? Level 4 [Medic], Level 6 [Soldier]…”
They read out his levels and some of his Skills as the Fraerlings looked at Luan. Ekrn raised his brows.
“Level 28? Well, well. Looks like we have someone hot on Level 30 here!”
Luan felt just a bit smug about that…right up until Ekrn laughed.
“And what level are you?”
Luan retorted. Ekrn winked at him.
“Let me put it like this, Luan. I know Level 30’s important in your world, but down here, Tallguard fight what your Gold-ranks do on a regular basis. Level 30’s the minimum for my job. Alright, let’s go.”
He sauntered on. Noa whispered to Luan.
“It’s still impressive! Ekrn’s just showing off.”
Then they were in Paeth’s Tree by the Coast. Luan saw them march past the checkpoint, as Ekrn exchanged insults with a guard that might have been genuine or just bravado. They walked forwards and came to a halt.
There was only a wall. Carved wood in front of them. Luan stared.
“Um. Trap door?”
Noa and Ekrn exchanged a look of anticipation. They were clearly looking forwards to this part.
“Not exactly. Never been on a galift before, Human? I’m told they don’t exist except maybe in a few places anymore. Look down.”
“A galift? What’s—oh my god.”
Luan shouted, because he looked down just as the elevator began to move up. He saw a glass panel in the center, a strange roiling substance below—and saw the doors had closed. They were shooting up in an elevator!
Noa laughed and Ekrn looked amused, until Luan began to speak.
“It’s an elevator! You have an elevator?”
“Damn. My friend lied to me. I thought they didn’t exist.”
Ekrn was clearly crestfallen that Luan wasn’t shocked beyond belief. He tapped his foot, eying the walls passing through a glass window, but Luan was demanding to know more.
“I know what this is—but how? Magic?”
“No! Well, only a bit. Even some of the non-magic villages have stuff like this, although they use pulleys and weights. Running an elevator all day though would eat up way too much of our allotment. It’s a galift. See? It’s powered by gas.”
Down Noa pointed and Luan saw the same pulsating cloud blowing them up. He stared.
The Fraerlings used an alchemical compound that had the same qualities as Helium—but a lot more lift. It could power these elevators, and their [Alchemists] brewed up as much as they needed.
“It’s an actual substance, apparently. See, it goes up to a certain point until it builds up—then it sinks. I’m amazed you know about it. My friend said…”
Ekrn glanced at Luan. The man was lost for words. He realized Fraerlings had so much that Earth did. Or rather—this city was a place with so many technologies not eaten by the Creler Wars, Rhir, or the thousand other disasters he’d heard about.
It was a paradise.
 
—
 
No. Not a paradise. A certain ruler of Khelt would have strenuously objected to that qualification. It might seem so to Luan, but the best of the Fraerling settlements still had crime, still had need and desire. They were above your average city, but Fetohep of Khelt would have opined that a Fraerling ‘Village’ was, by its nature, unable to be classified as a paradise due to the inherent risk.
Monsters and animals could attack it, unlike Khelt or Samal, where such things were just…stories. Paeth was, then, in that rarest of all middle-categories between paradise and ‘hole in the ground’.
