Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 17
Instantly, he made sense to Octavia and she relaxed. She was wondering why Erin would have let someone like this in here, but [Alchemists] were a different kind of mad. Some were legitimately addled from what they inhaled or touched, but others were just insane. It was a quirk of the job. Octavia glanced around for Erin, but the [Innkeeper] was rushing about with chocolate foods. It was a busy night. So Octavia just nodded at the Drake.
“I am an [Alchemist].”
“Oh, hey, that’s excellent! Saliss Oliwing. How long have you been in the alchemy game?”
“About a decade, if you count apprenticing young. Less than half that if you don’t. Octavia Cotton, owner, [Alchemist] of Stitchworks. I’m from Chandrar. Are you new in Liscor, or a resident? Sorry, I just got here.”
His name was somewhat familiar, but Octavia found herself shaking the Drake’s claw. She supposed Erin had mentioned him? She was so hungry she went back to eating as the two spoke. Like many who shared the same class, they had an instant camaraderie.
“I’ve been at it, oh, a bit. But I’m definitely new to Liscor. Would you say you’re the best in the city? Also, anything interesting I should know about? I could use pointers.”
The Drake grinned. Octavia nodded. Ah, an immigrating [Alchemist]. Not uncommon given how you could wear out your welcome even without gang wars. One bad accident was enough. She eyed him up and down. Competition? Well, he certainly had at least a decade on her.
“Actually, I’m from Celum. I’m new to Liscor too, but I hear there’s good materials here. Shield Spiders, acid flies…say, where’d you learn your trade?”
“Oh, everywhere. But I was born and raised in Pallass. That’s where I work, actually.”
“Pallass?”
Octavia paused. That was the big-leagues. When she’d come from Chandrar she hadn’t even considered settling in Pallass. Competing with all the good [Alchemists] there? No way. She had somewhat regretted her choice; Pallas might have been competitive, but it had a good market and a thriving economy. Celum had been a fight to be the biggest fish in a puddle.
“Wow. Pallass. I’m uh, from Nerrhavia Fallen myself.”
“Oh really? I’ve been there! How’s Nerrhavia doing? Still having honor-duels between [Alchemists] in the streets? Good times, that. I tried practicing it in Pallass, but no one would accept. Old Xif’s no fun.”
Xif. Octavia stiffened, recalling the name of Pallass’ best…and then Saliss’ name hit her again. It was familiar. Even starved as she was, she knew it. And—he’d been to Nerrhavia? If he knew about the duels [Alchemists] got into…
“Hey Octavia! Have you met Saliss? I should’ve known you’d meet. Hey Saliss. Do you need more food? Are you sure I can keep—”
Saliss waved as Erin stopped at their table. Octavia looked at Erin as the Drake replied.
“It’s all fine. Keep ‘em! I got a lot of chocolate. Boy, it’ll be fun eating it.”
He grinned with pure delight. Octavia caught Erin’s sleeve.
“Erin—who is that?”
She gestured at Saliss. The Drake was grinning ahead, but she had the feeling he was looking at her out of the corner of her eyes. Erin paused. She looked Octavia up and down.
“Um, Saliss Oliwing? Also—Saliss of Lights?”
The copper penny dropped. Octavia nearly bolted out of her chair. Saliss, laughing, waved her back over.
“Hi! I’m Saliss!”
“I am a huge admirer. I am so sorry I did not recognize you, Honored Saliss. No wait, Sir Saliss—I was hungry, and I was just working on something upstairs and—”
Octavia stumbled over her words. Saliss winked at her.
“It’s fine. Hey, so you’re an [Alchemist]? Erin said she had one. What’s your specialty?”
