Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 56
It happened on the fourth night, after the mad, day-long marches had slowed and someone had cracked a joke—a bad one—for the first time. After that smiles began, and people began to distance the memory of what had happened.
Pisces was in camp when he saw Tenir stop someone. Merr the Storm. Pisces paused as Tenir pulled her around the stone wall that Azam had raised. He heard a muffled sound.
The [Guard] had a hand over her mouth. He was smiling, laughing.
“No, we shouldn’t. But if you’re that desperate…? Just quickly, then. Merr. It’s a beautiful name.”
“Let go of—stop—”
She was trying to shout, to scream. He had an arm blocking her mouth. Tenir continued his monologue, staring at her face as if he didn’t see the fear or horror.
“Let me help you with that.”
He reached for her clothing. In response, the [Bandit Lady] tried to kick him, but her collar made her weak. She bit his arm instead.
Instantly, blank-faced, Tenir cracked her head into the stone wall. She went slack and he laughed, looking at the broken flesh on his arm.
“Not to worry, my arm? It happens. What a funny accident. Are you alright?”
As if there were some other reason she had bit him. As if he didn’t realize what he’d done. Something was filling in the gaps in his head.
Riqre’s madness.
Tenir had half her clothing off, tearing at the rest, when the low voice spoke.
“I knew it. You know exactly what you’re doing.”
Tenir spun around. He felt something at his waist—and Pisces drew his sword. The [Necromancer] held it to the ground, panting at the effort it had taken just to draw it.
“You—Pisces! Drop the sword! Hey, I have—”
Tenir hesitated. He looked at Merr, who was sitting, head lying back, nose bleeding, barely conscious. He bared his teeth at Pisces.
“Say you didn’t see us, Adventurer. Put the sword down and I’ll keep quiet if you do. She asked me—but neither of us should take the blame, eh? Everyone needs comfort after what they saw.”
Pisces didn’t answer him. He just looked at Tenir.
“You must know what you’re doing, somewhere inside of you. That Skill just helps you sleep. You coward. [Rapist]. Can you even see your class? How do they let you in at gates? Or does your class hide it from their spells too?”
Tenir heard that. His face turned hostile instantly.
“I’ve never taken a woman into my bed that didn’t ask, Adventurer. Watch your tongue—”
“You cowardly man. I’ve known true cowards, but never one who lies to himself like you. You should have died with Riqre and his lot, [Rapist].”
Pisces raised his voice. Tenir reacted even more than he had hoped. The man’s eyes opened wide in genuine fury—he really believed he was innocent.
Pisces felt sick as Tenir’s fists clenched and his face turned crimson with outrage.
“Don’t—call me—a [Rapist].”
He strode forwards. Pisces tried to raise the blade. No good. And Tenir knew it. He strode forwards, but Pisces stumbled backwards. Raise the damn sword! He tried one more time, as someone raised his voice.
“Hoi. Where is Pisces?”
A man skidded around a corner as one of the [Guards] saw him. He shouted.
“Here! With Tenir! Damn—”
Now. Pisces raised his voice. He shouted with all his might.
“He was assaulting Merr! Trying to rape—”
“I did not!”
He leapt at Pisces, confident the [Necromancer] couldn’t so much as lift the blade. And Pisces couldn’t. So—he sat down, and in one motion, put the sword on his knee and angled it up.
Tenir ran onto the sword as he crashed into Pisces. The furious man’s charge did all the work. He spitted himself onto the sword. He choked.
