Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 16
Se pulled out her fake eye with a laugh to wipe at the socket. Femithain nodded. He walked over to the orb, the same as Nsiia had seen in his other golems.
“This, Nsiia. This is a Golem’s Heart as we call it. Do you see the command spells running across it? They connect to the entire body.”
He pointed to the intricate runes that would match up with all the ones running across Domehead’s body just so when the heart was installed. Nsiia nodded, her own heart racing. So that was it! But…
“But there’s no magic in there, surely?”
Femithain smiled as another chuckle ran around the room. Now Nsiia was playing the willing fool, and the Crafters were clearly pleased to show off their knowledge.
“Actually, there will be. A Golem’s Heart is meant to draw mana from the world around it. No…vessel could hope to hold enough mana unless it produced itself, and since Golems cannot do that, and it is inefficient to link them to [Mages] unless they’re temporary—Golem Hearts store and draw magic from the world around them. Sometimes they need additional mana, but…that is their secret.”
“Ah. That makes so much sense! Forgive my ignorance!”
I’m going to steal your best Golem Heart. Femithain smiled at Nsiia’s credulous look.
“There are exceptions, of course, Nsiia. Some Golems did run off of unique Golem Hearts that produced mana. Unicorn horns, a Kraken’s eye, even…I’ve heard of a Sage’s Grass heart, but it requires at least a decade-old plant and keeping it alive is too difficult…”
“Easier to draw mana. But how did Illivere march it’s army to Tiqr? There were four hundred Golems, were there not? They should have drained the area dry.”
Femithain sighed.
“Indeed they did. We had to bring mana potions and split them up to reduce the strain. Mostly however—a [Golem Leader] or [Golem Artificer] generally gains the [Mana Well] Skill. It allows us to build reservoirs to cast spells from or power Golems. A necessity.”
“Oh. Like [Summoners] and [Necromancers], you mean. [Golem Makers] are much like those two classes, or so I understand.”
It was the wrong thing to say. The good mood of the workshop went dark at once. Someone actually threw something at Nsiia. The woman caught it and stared at Se’s eye, which gave her a dirty look. Nsiia tossed it over her shoulder, and Se ran after it, cursing.
“[Golem Artificers]…are not the same as [Necromancers]. Or…[Summoners], Lady Nsiia.”
One of the older Crafters said with a strained smile. Nsiia gave him the same smile.
“And how not? You all three create beings, don’t you?”
“Yes, but theirs are inefficient wastes of—”
Femithain held up a hand.
“I believe what Crafter Merk was trying to say, Nsiia, was that our disciplines have similarities—but are quite different. Summoned beings and undead are usually highly inefficient compared to Golems. They leak mana like sieves, to put it politely.”
“Why?”
Se had reclaimed her eye. She walked over to Domehead and tapped his legs.
“Structure. See? Domehead is one thing. A skeleton? A zombie? Holes everywhere. Animation spell has to keep the damn bones floating. It’s why they’re so expensive. Although…they do generate death magic. But that’s because they were once alive! Golems are more efficient. And summoned beings? Wastes of mana, the lot.”
“But you can reuse summoned creatures and not fear damage or death.”
“Ah! Ah! But can you get the efficiency of a hundred pound arm turning your fancy summoned warrior’s face into—”
Femithain actually had to grab Se to prevent her from storming Nsiia. The [Exile] sensed a definite…rivalry…between the classes.
