Interlude – Chocolate Alchemy
Page 2
A Rock Crab trying to eat the Workers building the second floor, Ekirra learning bad words, oh, and another playground incident. Erin had been banned from Liscor’s playgrounds after she’d once rallied the children in a day-long siege against the adults.
This time, it had been Mrsha and her two little friends who’d attacked anyone within throwing range with their balls. An entire army of Gnoll children pelting adults with leather balls was a sight Erin wished she could have seen.
Normal incidents. And as it so happened, Ekirra and Visma were coming again today. Erin greeted Visma’s older brother, who was once again on child-escort duty.
“Hey! Um—Feiss, right?”
The young Drake boy stared up at the infamous Human. He nodded as Visma hid behind him and Ekirra stared up at Erin. She smiled at them.
“You were here just the other day. Hi Ekirra, hi Visma. Would you like some lemonade?”
Lemonade was a cool thing for kids. Erin had drunk it and thus she associated that with summer and outdoors. Ekirra’s ears perked up. Visma appeared.
“Hello. Ekirra learned a bad word. His mom got mad when he said it.”
Erin’s face fell a bit. Ekirra and Visma were Mrsha’s best friends. New friends, but they were so close. Erin was trying to make these playdates a regular thing. And getting on the parent’s good sides helped.
The ‘damn’ incident had been a bad one. And frankly, getting any parents to let their kids come to the inn had been a hurdle and a half. The inn had a reputation. But the Garden of Sanctuary, along with some testimonials from Krshia, Elirr, and Selys, had really helped. Feiss left Erin with the two kids after a cup of lemonade himself. No one turned down Erin’s free food, even if Lyonette said it was unhealthy.
“Mrsha!”
The little Gnoll had been on the roof. She raced down, having smelled her two friends. Bird followed, with a bow. Erin stared at it and the Worker lifted his arms innocently.
“I was letting Mrsha shoot the bow.”
“What?”
“It was very safe. She nearly hit a bird.”
Erin paused for a second as she considered all the ways Mrsha could hurt herself and then weighed Bird’s actions on a beratement scale. Eventually, she decided it was probably safe. Bird was an expert at shooting things. And he had really gotten out of his…shell, or rather, tower, since he’d been banned from killing birds.
Heck, he was practically going on little trips with Numbtongue and sometimes Octavia every day. Erin suspected he was also hoping they’d be attacked by Wyverns or something, but she appreciated that side of Bird.
“Well, just so long as Mrsha’s very safe.”
“She is very safe. I did not even let her climb out onto the roof.”
Mrsha gave Erin a wide-eyed, innocent look as Erin turned to look at her. She tugged at Visma and Ekirra’s arms and they ran over to the door.
“Just remember, you stay inside the inn and garden! And if I catch you trying to use it to sneak into the kitchen—”
Erin’s injunction sent all three children fleeing, giggling. Erin crossed her arms and closed her eyes. It had been quiet. Pleasantly so, of late. She hadn’t seen Pawn or the other Antinium yet, and she was beginning to be a bit…worried about them. Or rather, Klbkch. Erin needed to have a chat, when she figured out what they were going to chat about.
But Erin hadn’t been inactive either. She had yet to really dive into experimenting with her fire—it was all about the Sage’s Grass field and her magical garden at the moment. Already, part of the meadow had been uprooted and all the lovely flowers replanted so Wailant could plant his grass.
