Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 30
What vast shadows. The grass looked so tiny, that even with Fierre’s eyes, she could barely see the blades of grass. She looked at the others, confused. Nothing seemed wrong.
Then Gothica cried out. She pointed down.
“How…?”
Something looked up at them, wide-eyed. A fox, emerging from its den. It stared up at the group of five, then backed up, turned, and fled into the hole in a pure terror.
Not just because one was a Vampire, and there were Goblins and Antinium. The others realized what was happening and cried out. They looked down at the tiny fox.
It was smaller than they were, which it always had been. But Gothica, a Cave Goblin, was still short. In this moment? Now? She towered over it. She would have towered over Numbtongue.
“We’ve grown! I don’t want to be bigger Goblin!”
Ulvama shrieked. She felt at her body, but she saw no huge, rippling muscles like Tremborag’s war-form. She whirled, eyes wide, and saw Fierre’s pupils glowing red, like her own.
Niers. The Titan was laughing.
[Giants on the March]. The five swept around, bewildered. Then the Titan whispered, through Fierre.
“Can you feel it? Look at the moon. Can you sense it? Power. You have broken your limit. But there is more to power than a [Warrior]’s might. More to magic than [Mages] know. Do you sense it?”
He urged them to realize it. Could they feel it? It had come out of him, unguarded, as he inspired the others to run. Untrained, largely. But the Titan still had it. Not as powerful as a royal’s, or someone dedicated to the power like the Order of Seasons.
Yet no one could ever force him to kneel. No one could control his mind. The Titan unleashed what was essentially another manifestation of his ego. His will.
It was one of the reasons they had given him his name. A Fraerling with the aura of a Giant.
Titan of Baleros.
Did they feel it, as they stood above it all? By night? The Titan saw the Vampire girl’s eyes widen. Ulvama looked up, and realized she stood inside…
“What is…? Where?”
She was confused. She didn’t need to focus on him. Snapjaw’s eyes widened.
All of them.
[Chieftain]. [Shaman]. Snapjaw and Ulvama felt something rising in them, provoked by the Skill, the moment, the other aura weighing on them, forcing them to acknowledge what was in them.
Everyone had it, but some classes were drawn to it. But what of the other three?
Fierre and the Soldier—was it their nature, personality? Sometimes you couldn’t tell. Sheer potential. A force of will. Chance? No, there was always a reason. The Soldier stood there, the same one both the Titan and even a Drake [General] had identified. No one had ever asked for his story, but he belonged here. No, on a far greater stage. The Titan would uncover it, his hidden worth and valor.
It felt familiar to Fierre, like a part of herself she had never noticed. She reached for it, struggling. Niers studied the others. But his eyes were on the last.
What a strange class. Perhaps it was just chance. Uncertainty in what the word actually meant. Or maybe that was just how it was.
The little Cave Goblin, Gothica, opened her eyes wide. Under this moon. The darkness. As tall as a Giant. All it needed was some sombre music and it would be perfect. Her eyes gleamed and she smiled in ecstasy at this moment.
I look at nightmares and laugh. I would leap into the abyss to see what lay down there.
The world’s first Goblin [Goth] manifested her aura, and the moonlight turned to shade around her. She began to laugh.
Fierre swept around, eyes shining. Reaching for her aura, as the others manifested theirs. 
How the Titan laughed. How he roared.
