Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 61
The [Chieftain] looked sharply at Yelroan and the [Mathematician] nodded. He pushed something across to Xherw and the Gnoll saw a jumble of numbers.
“What’s this?”
“Oh, facts, figures about Qwera. I can’t make them add up, Chieftain. I’m afraid…I can’t help you. I keep trying, but I can’t create a direct link between her being a Doombringer and…”
Yelroan shrugged, speaking very carefully. He tapped the paper with the confusing list of numbers. Qwera’s birth date, income, money earned, locations visited represented as coordinates.
Xherw studied the paper, but briefly. He shook his head, sighing hard.
“If you cannot, I believe you.”
“I’ll keep working, Chieftain! I don’t want to doubt your intuition, it’s just as a [Mathematician]…”
Yelroan trailed off. He gestured at the paper and knew every word he spoke was true. There was no mathematical way to make all the numbers about Qwera’s life line up into something that spelled Doombringer.
Math wasn’t silly. Xherw just smiled.
“I can be wrong. It may be she’s just…lucky. Keep working, but we will need you for this Earth-matter. Thank you, Yelroan.”
The Gnoll nodded and sat back down. He stared at the closed tent flaps, then began shaking uncontrollably. But he did it. He…
He wondered what Merish, his friend, was doing. Merish was a good Gnoll. A warrior.
Had he tried to kill that little girl? Yelroan sat in the darkness…then he pulled out more lists. More information, since he had insisted they keep such data. Older information too. It was time to begin another investigation. A better one.
He didn’t know what he’d find, or even what he was looking for beyond the obvious. Only…that he thought, now…it was there.
 
——
 
The next day, Satar was fast asleep when a Gnoll landed on her. Cers hit Satar, went flying as she yelped and rolled over, and jumped on her again.
“Cers! I’m going to hurt you! Leave me be!”
“Satar! Satar! What did you do? What did you do?”
Something had riled her younger brother up even more than normal. Satar raised a fist, but then saw how excited he was.
“What? Has the Meeting of Chieftains decided something?”
Blearily, the Gnoll girl stared at him. The Gnoll cub stopped, looked at her, and a gleeful expression filled his face.
“You don’t know? Satar! You’re on the scrying orb! Satar, what did you do? You’re in trouble! Cetrule’s looking for you!”
Satar sat up fast, blinking.
“What? Don’t lie, Cers. That’s a stupid lie.”
“Am not! Everyone’s watching! You’re in trouble—”
He raced out of her tent. Satar looked after him, heart suddenly pounding wildly. Did that have anything to do with…? But surely not—! They had just been letters! Why the scrying orb? Wait. Wait. Had Rose said she was writing to Drassi?
What did she write?
Satar stumbled out of her tent a second before Cetrule came running to find her. The [Shaman of Purity] was panting. He had something in his paw.
“Satar?”
She looked at him in confusion and then at the orb he was holding. And she heard her name echoing from it.
Across the Meeting of Tribes, as Gnolls tuned into the scrying orbs for the news and any major events in what was rapidly becoming a habit, the siege of Reim, on its sixth day, was interrupted by a special call in.
Fetohep of Khelt had begun his address and claimed the right to occupy the world’s attention in the following manner.
“I am Fetohep of Khelt. I have a moment of import to communicate. You are free to ignore me. At your peril.”
He was talking to Drassi and Noass. The [Reporter] and [Commentator] were listening as the Revenant-king spoke.
