Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 25
Upset. Beyond that, really. The young woman came down the stairs, too angry to even continue her game of chess. She walked down and looked around at the happy guests.
And felt annoyed they were so happy. Didn’t they know what Magnolia Reinhart had done? No, some of them even approved. Idiots. 
The [Innkeeper] just stood there as Drassi came over, smiling. The Drake [Bartender] took one look at Erin’s face and her smile dropped. She backed up. And Erin Solstice turned her head as Jelaqua wobbled over.
“Erin! Erin, come tell the story about Pallass and the Wyverns to the others! They want to hear it!”
“No.”
The Selphid hesitated. But Erin’s expression was inhospitable. And—the atmosphere was spreading. Jelaqua put a hand on Erin’s shoulder, recoiled as Erin brushed the hand off. She walked backwards.
“Fine. Be like that.”
She sat down with a harrumph at the table. The adventurers fell silent. And the goodwill—began to turn sour. Maviola looked up as Jelaqua ignored Maughin leaning over to talk to her. She stared at Jelaqua. And then she turned her head.
“Five Families, what—”
Lyonette felt it too. A sour aura, running through the inn. It came straight from Erin. And it was—powerful. People stopped smiling. They began frowning. That was the power of an [Innkeeper]. And usually it was such a positive force.
Not this time. The Earthers began arguing at their table.
“We don’t need to buy drinks! Stop wasting our money!”
“Our money? You mean, my sword!”
Joseph snapped at Rose. The two began quarrelling again. Lyonette frowned and concentrated. She tried to push back, but she wasn’t Magnolia. And this was Erin’s place. Lyonette made her way over to Erin.
“Erin, what are you doing?”
“Nothing. What?”
The [Innkeeper] looked up. Her eyes flashed and Lyonette stepped back. Something was wrong. But what?
Maviola was just staring at Jelaqua. And then Erin. Her eyes were wide.
“She has it too? But—”
And then her head spun, searching. Maviola saw another figure getting to his feet. And she swore.
Wailant Strongheart was drinking. Or had drunk and was still drinking, rather. But his jovial expression from entering the inn was…changed. He made his way across the inn’s floor, shaking off his wife’s arm.
“Wailant!”
But the former [Pirate] was in no mood for reason. He stopped at the adventurer’s table.
“Oi. Sailwinds. I want a word about what you said about my crewmates.”
The laughing adventurers looked up. Seborn smiled, in a good mood for once.
“I meant what I said. Obviously. That was a sight. That Drowned Man [Depth Captain]? That was actually my f—”
Wailant’s fist hit the table. All the dishes and some of the adventurers jumped.
“Take back what you said about [Pirates].”
Seborn blinked.
“It was a jest. Why are you taking it personally?”
He gave Wailant a very odd look. Seborn had said any number of things, but Wailant was the last person he’d have expected to take it personally. But the [Pirate] turned [Farmer] was angry.
“Our ships would’ve trashed the Underseas Crews in a real fight. Let’s settle this, Drowned Man.”
He reached for Seborn. The [Rogue] leapt out of his chair.
“Are you drunk? What’s gotten into you? We settled this—”
“Until you insulted my class!”
Wailant snapped. He went for Seborn, but Moore, Halrac, and Yvlon all grabbed him. They pulled Wailant back as he snarled.
“I’m sorry, this isn’t like him. I have no idea what—Wailant! Stop disgracing yourself! He’s never like this, even when he’s at his drunkest!”
