Interlude – Embria
Page 30
Tekshia poked Relc in the back with hear spear.
“You, fool. Where did that girl learn how to do that spear dance?”
“I don’t know. From the army?”
Relc ducked as Tekshia swung at his head. And she was quick too. She glared at him.
“Don’t be cute. You’re too ugly. She copied you. I’ve seen you practice that before. And you can’t learn that from sight alone, no matter what genius you are. You taught her.”
The big [Guardsman] hunched his shoulders.
“So maybe I did. I didn’t think she’d keep using that in the army. I taught her how to use a spear and nothing else. So what? That’s a terrible gift for a kid to get.”
Tekshia just shook her head. She looked around and then clicked her fingers.
“You. Keldrass. Grab a bucket of water. Fill it up from the wall.”
The Gold-rank Captain blinked. But another click of Tekshia’s claws sent him trotting off. She looked at Relc. He was leaning on his spear, sweat dripping down.
“Go wash up. And put something decent on. Don’t leave your daughter waiting. If you really feel that way, then your company is the least she deserves.”
Keldrass came back. Tekshia grabbed the bucket and hurled it on Relc. The Drake cursed, and then blinked at her through a waterfall of water dripping off him. He hadn’t dodged it. Tekshia snapped at him.
“Did you hear me? Get lost.”
Relc uncertainly looked around. Slowly, he put his spear away. Then he trotted down the street. Yvlon stared at the puddles of water he left. Tekshia sighed as she watched him go. Then she stared around.
“What are you waiting for? Do you think you’ll level up by watching? Get back to work!”
The adventurers started and took their spots, even if they’d been intending to get a nice long drink instead. Tekshia walked back into her guild. She paused to stare backwards at Relc’s disappearing from. Then she looked at the place where they’d been. She swishes her tail and shook her head a final time.
“Ridiculous. Liscor doesn’t need three [Spearmasters].”
But she was smiling when she said it.
 
—-
 
A father and a daughter met outside his apartments. As they do. As they did. They walked together through Liscor’s streets. It was both their days off. And as it had been noted, Liscor was full of things more interesting and exciting than them.
On his platform, Lism dueled Krshia with words. By his side was the esteemed, no, heroic Captain Wikir. The Gnoll stood in full breastplate and armor, saluting and looking bored and embarrassed to tears by halves. Embria paused to stare at him with Relc. She hesitated, and then pointed to the stage.
“You should be the one he calls out. Not me. All I did was follow orders. You slew that Goblin. Garen Redfang. I never thanked you for doing that.”
“Don’t.”
“But you’re Liscor’s war hero. If anyone was.”
“I don’t feel like it.”
Relc crossed his arms. He looked bleakly at the stage and shook his head. He looked at his daughter. This was the first thing they’d really said to each other since the sparring match. But it was honest. It didn’t dance about the subject. And it wasn’t the same conversation. She looked at him, hesitating.
“Why not? You stopped Garen Redfang. A Gold-rank traitor. And you commanded the 4th Company. You called the retreat when I didn’t. And they listened. Didn’t you feel anything?”
The former [Sergeant] hesitated. And he could have evaded or lied. But he didn’t.
“Of course. I went out there and for a second it was like being back in the ranks. But just for a second. I didn’t want to go out there swinging and fighting with the [Soldiers]. And I didn’t go down there for the 4th Company. I went there for you.”
