Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 10
“…Maybe an ale. Miss Erin.”
He turned to her. And then the two looked at each other slowly. Erin gazed up at Grimalkin.
“Are you happy about what Magnolia did, Grimalkin?”
Her face fell as the [Magus] avoided looking directly at her.
“I would have preferred not to be caught off-guard, but on the whole, it was beneficial to Izril, Miss Solstice. Liscor as well. That number…you understand Magnolia Reinhart analyzed the entire Hive? It is substantially higher than it should be, under any implementation of the Antinium’s treaty. This is information all the cities need to know.”
Zevara’s shoulders hunched. She looked at Drassi, hurrying over with the burgers.
“…Double my drink order.”
The [Bartender] threw up her claws and raced off. More people were coming in. No Antinium, save for the ones present. Erin looked at Grimalkin.
“I guess Magnolia’s on your side, then.”
The [Sinew Magus] refused to answer that. Erin felt something dark creeping up on her. But she forced it away. She shook her head.
“Fine. Go.”
“More people from Pallass are waiting to come through! I have two [Tacticians], Watch Captain Venim, Major—”
Sergeant Kel was arguing with Lyonette as she tried to protest that the door would run out of power again. Erin walked up to the door.
“What’s this? The door doesn’t have enough power. Get a [Mage].”
“We would like to enter the inn.”
A haughty Drake informed Erin. She looked at him.
“Oh, really? But are you on Kel’s list?”
The Drake hesitated. Sergeant Kel bit his lip. And Erin shut the door and turned the dial.
Lyonette stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] looked at her.
“Change it back once we get more people through from Liscor and elsewhere.”
The [Princess] did, biting back a comment about how unusually aggressive Erin had been.
“What do we do about people in Invrisil, Erin? They want to come through and we can’t handle the numbers, even with the Sage’s Grass…”
Erin watched a small flood of Gnolls and Drakes, arguing about what they’d seen, come through. She caught a few hints of conversation.
“—came to our aid the first time during the First Antinium Wars. She may be a Human, but she’s the best of them.”
“She’s one of the Five Families. As trustworthy as a snake in your pants!”
“What kind of snake?”
“She just kneecapped the Antinium with that move. If they have kneecaps. I don’t know. But she’s on our side.”
“Yeah? And I think the Antinium are fine. Who saved us in the Second Antinium Wars?”
“Why are they called the Antinium Wars, scales-for-brains?”
The [Innkeeper] shook her head. She felt—lousy. Despite her friends coming to visit. And the lousiness was getting worse by the second.
“We’ll let some of them through, Lyonette. That’s all from Liscor? Check every five minutes. Now—Esthelm—Wailant’s farm?”
“Dead gods! I just saw everything on the scrying orb! Is that [Lady] still here?”
Wailant stormed into the inn, Viceria on his heels. Erin recoiled as the [Farmer] looked around. He shook Erin’s hand, laughing.
“Rhir’s hell! What a thing to see! No Reinhart, huh? Damn, but I’m in such a good mood! We’ll visit the inn if that’s alright, Miss Erin? And the door’s open to Invrisil?”
“Oh, Wailant. Sure. I mean—yeah!”
“Invrisil. What a miraculous thing. We might have to prevail on you to visit, Erin.”
Viceria’s eyes were shining. Wailant laughed.
“Just drinks for tonight. Dead gods, what a sight! Hey, is that Seborn bastard here? I want to jaw with him about what he said about [Storm Sailors] on that damned scrying orb! As in, punch him in the jaw…”
He walked past Erin. The [Innkeeper] saw Viceria give her an apologetic smile.
