Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 11
One of the Drakes in Niila’s team tackled the Gnoll. Lehra went down, punching at the [Brawler] with his magic gloves. He was trying to pin her, stop her from using—
“Lehra! There you are!”
Someone cried out. The [Brawler], whose name was Frell, was picked up and hurled over a rooftop. All without the person doing more than looking at him.
“Suxhel! Where were you?”
The Gazer blinked one of her vast eyes as Lehra, her team’s captain and friend, scrambled back to her feet. Both turned as Niila and the other [Mages] opened fire again. Two spells were obliterated as the Gazer caught them with one of her eyes.
“Eating. Did you have to wander off?”
“I was admiring pottery! Niila’s after us! Let’s go—where are the others?”
The rest of Stargazer’s Promise, the Named-rank team who’d earned their status this year—the newest group to achieve the coveted title—skidded around the corner.
A Stitchman with a staff, a rare [Monk] from Pomle. And a female Dwarf from Terandria.
“Niila again? She doesn’t quit!”
“[Reflection Stave]. [Whirling Guard]. Lehra, we’ve got trouble. It’s not just Niila. You know who’s tracked us down. And he’s got—”
Lehra saw the Stitchman, Emper, blocking the magical spells in a blur of motion as his staff glowed.
“Oh no, not—”
“City Watch! Everyone is under arrest!”
The Watch Captain of the town, who still commanded a ‘City Watch’, skidded around the corner with all the [Guards] under his command. Niila hesitated and began to shout her credentials.
“I’m an agent of Fissival! That team is a wanted group in possession of an artifact stolen from the ruins!”
“Shove it up your tail, Niila! Lehra, we have to go! It’s h—”
This time it was the town’s wall that imploded inwards. The Watch Captain turned. Lehra groaned. She saw…a familiar figure standing behind the first giant Golem which had just punched through the walls.
“Lehra Ruinstrider. I have you cornered!”
The Drake bellowed. Niila instantly turned and began blasting at the Drake with her team. Lehra looked around.
“Oh no. He’s brought the battle Golems. Niila—”
The magical spells evaporated on a stronger barrier as the magical Golem returned fire. In this case—bound [Fireball] spells. Everyone went diving for cover as lesser Golems, temporary summoned monsters and the Drake’s constructs advanced into the city.
In the commotion—Lehra, the Gnoll, and Niila found themselves hunkering in the [Potter]’s ruined shop. The Drake [High Mage], a graduate from Fissival’s famed Mage Academy, snarled at her one-time friend and enemy.
“Lehra!”
She hesitated, but then poked out of cover and shouted.
“[Shatterbolt]!”
The high-level spell tore apart a giant Shield Spider’s head and the monster dropped. Niila cursed.
“He’s using the monster collars again! Oh hells—”
She ducked back as lightning crawled through the air. The Drake was shouting, bellowing furiously as he looked for the Captain of the Named Team.
“Lehra Ruinstrider! The Forge of the Star Dragon will be mine! Give me the artifact or I will reduce this town to ash and rubble!”
He meant the artifact Lehra carried. The same one Niila was after. The angry [High Mage], far younger than the old Drake in his robes with his plethora of artifacts, poked her head out to shout at him.
“Lord Dragial, renegade [Astromancer] of Fissival! You are under arrest by order of the Walled City of Magic! My team is here to bring you to—Ancestors!”
