Interlude – Paradigm Shift (Pt. 1)
Page 26
Bearclaw stood in the dark alleyway, amid the shadows and trash. It was her! There was no mistaking that burly form! He spoke, loud enough to be heard through that door.
“Bearclaw, you bitch! Why didn’t you send word you were alive?”
“Had to keep moving. They were on my tail. Mind letting me in already, Dramaw?”
He nodded, and began to work at the locks. Then—the Gnoll hesitated. He glanced through the peephole again.
It was Bearclaw, wasn’t it? She looked like her. She was standing back, to get into full frame of the spyhole for him. Yet the Gnoll felt a little prickling of unease.
“One second, Bearclaw. Just let me check something. What was the last thing I said to you?”
The big Gnoll paused. She spoke after a moment.
“—‘don’t screw this one up. But get us that bounty and I’ll let you take half of our people and start your own group. Under me.’”
Dramaw relaxed, slightly. That was true. He began to open the door. It budged open a crack and then a chance breeze blew down the alleyway.
The scent of the street, the city, refuse, piss, and Bearclaw blew into the little room. Dramaw sneezed—then coughed. And coughed again. His paw froze on the door.
“Bearclaw? What’s up? You don’t…smell…”
The scent of blood and death filled his nose. Not that he hadn’t smelled that before many times with Bearclaw. Yet this smelled like old death. Underneath it—
‘Bearclaw’ tried the door’s handle and it didn’t move. The door had re-shut. She pulled on the door, gently, then harder.
“Dramaw? What’s wrong?”
There was no answer at first. Then a slight sound as the other Gnoll adjusted the cover of the spyhole again. His voice was muffled from within the safe house.
“…What have you done with Bearclaw?”
The female Gnoll laughed, derisively, and slapped her chest.
“Don’t mess me about, Dramaw! It’s me!”
There was no response. The leader of the gang looked down from behind the now too-thin door. His paws were shaking.
“You’re not the Watch. What in the name of Rhir’s hells are you?”
Bearclaw stepped back. For a second, he thought she’d curse him out and hit the door. Then—the figure began to chuckle. Dramaw stared as, suddenly, Bearclaw—vanished.
Something, someone far taller and bigger than even the Gnoll woman adjusted herself. The cloak she wore, the ragged clothing, shifted as the breeze blew again. Dramaw’s eyes widened as he saw and realized—
That wasn’t a cloak. That was Bearclaw’s…
That was Bearclaw.
He leapt back, scrambling for his speaking stone. Outside, someone began to try the handle, pulling, hard. Yet the enchanted door had enough strength to resist whatever it was.
“Come now, let me in. I didn’t think you were a coward.”
“Shank, Beilfang, report!”
Dramaw was scrambling for his speaking stone. He watched the door, grabbing for his weapons. He heard a muffled sound—then one voice.
“Boss? What is it? Did you find Bearclaw?”
“No! That’s not Bearclaw! Beilfang! I don’t care if you’re shitting or in bed, respond!”
There was no response. Dramaw’s fur began to stand up taller. He stared at the door, now rattling as something hit it.
“Boss?”
Shank was worried. Dramaw spoke, rapidly.
“Shanks, that’s not Bearclaw. I don’t know what got her, but get out of the city. She’s right outside the safe room. She wants me—she might have gotten Beilfang.”
The other Gnoll swore. Dramaw shouted.
“Shanks? Get out of the city! Don’t go to any of the safe houses! She knows all of them! Go to where we last were on our way here! Move!”
“Got it!”
