Interlude – Lifting Ants
Page 8
“Shush, Xif! You’re making the cake taste bad. Mm. Ooh! And a glass of milk does go wonderfully with it! Erin was right! Hey—hey! I think the reaction’s nearly done! Maybe this is a super-valuable potion you ignored because you thought Octavia was too low-level to teach!”
He winked at Octavia and motioned her away; the reaction still had a bit to go. But outside Saliss’ run-down lab, Xif, the most famous regular [Alchemist] in Pallass, pounded at Saliss’ concealed door and howled into the speaking stone outside.
“Let me in! You can’t do this to me, Saliss! I’ll trade you one of the flower cuttings! Or my recipe for Alloyshine Oil!”
“Eat chocolate, Xif! Oh wait, you can’t! Because you don’t have any!”
Saliss crowed. He began to dance around the speaking stone, laughing as he mocked the older [Alchemist].
“You can’t buy what I’ve got! Why don’t you go to Erin’s inn and see if she’s in the mood to sell you more flowers? Hm? You know what, if you’re really nice to Erin, you might be able to get her to sell you another flower in a year, but I think—whoa!”
He twisted. Octavia nearly dropped the huge bicorn horn she was inspecting. Both [Alchemists] stared as something condensed in the clear liquid. Saliss dropped his cake, dove, caught it, and came back upright.
“Ancestors!”
The crystal that had formed in the jar didn’t look big to Octavia. Barely thumb-sized. But it had come out of a single drop of the potion sample. And Saliss? He stared at it. Then he walked over.
“Let’s see. Based on the size, and the clarity, that’s larger than…my Youth Potion doesn’t have…”
“What? It’s bigger than the Youth Potion? Let me in!”
Xif shouted. Saliss nodded to himself. He put down the jar and the crystal he had been measuring with a little stick and scales. Then he looked at Octavia and nodded.
Her eyes went round. But Saliss was purely controlled. He took a deep breath, exhaled—and then threw his arms up. The Drake ran around the laboratory, shouting gleefully.
“It’s top-grade! This has to be a relic—do you hear that, Xif? Are you crying?”
He shouted into the speaking stone, and then turned it off before Xif could reply. Saliss turned to Octavia, chortling.
“He’ll be shouting into it for ages before he realizes I can’t hear him. This is a great day. And that proves it! Have some cake! You’re in luck, Miss Cotton! I have a new project! This—and you!”
He offered Octavia some of the cake on the plate. She stared at him.
“It’s—it’s powerful?”
“Powerful? It’s not just a Potion of Haste. It might be a Potion of Greater Haste.”
Octavia’s legs went out. Saliss instantly caught her and lowered her to the ground.
“Whoa, watch out! Don’t get weak-knees now. Seriously, that’s how [Alchemists] die. Tripping. And I don’t know if I can even replicate it. I have ways, but the attempt is what matters. I might level from it alone!”
He was rubbing his claws together, looking delighted. Alive. Octavia slowly rose.
“Master Saliss, I am so honored to—I’m so—”
“We went over this. It’s fine. We’re [Alchemists]. And I don’t steal. Not like you, Xif! Oh, wait. I turned this off. Actually, he doesn’t steal; he just has that pushy Skill of his.”
The Drake leaned against his table, sighing. Octavia glanced up at him.
“And you’ll teach me—?”
“Yup. I can’t make you an apprentice. I don’t do that. But we bargained and you’ll break Level 30 before we’re done. I hope you don’t mind this perfect body!”
Saliss winked and posed. Octavia looked at him.
“I uh—don’t mind.”
