Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 40
It pained him to speak, so he stopped. Anand listened, then nodded, his eyes filled with understanding at last. They had sung.
“So that is why the Armored Queen was sad.”
“Sad? Yes…I suppose.”
“Did they make music? Or was it just singing that is not singing as I understood it?”
Klbkch’s head lowered. His mandibles drooped. For a long time, he hung there. Then he spoke.
“Only one ever learned an instrument that was not part of their body. If that is the difference, yes. One made music. The rest of us…no. To your question, there was one Antinium who ever fulfilled your criteria.”
Anand listened to the weary Slayer. To stories of old. How alike they were, how apparently different. Centenium. Of every form? Not all the same? What was Antinium, truly? He yearned to know.
“Is his statue among the Armored Queen’s?”
“Perhaps.”
“What is his name? I could look.”
Klbkch hesitated.
“His name was…”
 
——
 
“Czautha.”
The Death of Chains turned. Her body, inside of the Demons’ domain, was condensed. Still, she was reminiscent of a cloud of magic and color that had decided to take humanoid form. Two glowing eyes narrowed. For she was still wrathful.
The Death of Magic returned the look. Silvenia, Islandbreaker, The Curse of Elves, the Traitor of…well, one of Terandria’s traitors, did not back down.
She was a half-Elf. But Czautha thought that she came closest to the heritage of her kind. If Elves were pure magic, Silvenia was among the closest of her kind to that idea. Certainly, the closest living.
“I do not wish to speak with you, Silvenia. Begone.”
This was Czautha’s domain, and so even atmosphere as other species understood it was different. Still, Silvenia intruded.
“Ah, but I wish to speak to you, Czautha. Little whispers have reached my ears since our raid on Chandrar.”
“Our raid on Roshal.”
That was the difference. Little words, which heralded deep rifts. They had not cropped up as the Deathless were returned from their mortal wounds. Then, they had been grateful to live, too busy with the great news.
Flora.
Time had passed since then, and Czautha, the Djinni, Death of Chains, Chainbreaker, was reminded of how Silvenia was. She who loved wars, compared to the Djinni who would liberate her people, all slaves, if she could.
The Deathless looked at each other, and Czautha forced the hostility down. Now was not the time to fight. Silvenia might hold back, but she was always hungry for battle.
“Why have you come here, Silvenia?”
“Two reasons. The first is minor. We have time for the second. Yet the first bothers me. I interviewed the ones we brought to Rhir. One of them is a cousin of yours.”
“So?”
“His name is Azam. Or was. He is picking a new one, I know how you are with names, but since he has no new one…he told me something interesting, Czautha.”
The Death of Chains knew what was coming. She sighed.
“Yes. Which was?”
“In your raid, you came across a spellbook owned by a Gold-rank adventurer. The one who was on the scrying orbs everyone likes to watch?”
Silvenia wasn’t as interested in that. She peered at Czautha.
“He had a treasure. From the Putrid One. A spellbook. So powerful you could see it. You let him have it.”
“And?”
Silvenia narrowed her eyes as she floated towards Czautha. She was displeased. As if it didn’t matter to mention assassinating a [Knight] mid-transit and trying to kill a child and a girl in chains.
“You said I had ‘many spellbooks’ like that one. Did you appraise it? Did you check which spells it contained? Who wrote it?”
“I do not know. It was powerful, but I did not have time to investigate it. Every second mattered.”
