Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 5
Well—a few moments later, a Drake emerged from an alleyway. He took a few breaths, then stretched.
“Ancestors, I’m tired!”
The Drake strode down the street, with considerably more energy than before. Being a pudgy Drake slowed you down. He hopped through a radius of light coming from a magical streetlamp, feeling lighter.
The streets of the City of Invention were never entirely empty. A few passersby hurried about their business—not with fear, but with that instinctual reluctance some species had to attract attention at this point in the day.
Saliss had no such inhibitions. He strode forwards. At one point he passed by a trio on patrol.
“Hey, Guardspeople.”
They reacted to Saliss warily. One Garuda muttered.
“Nak—oh. Alchemist Saliss.”
Their faces changed from bored tiredness to wariness at the nudist approaching them to wary resignation. ‘Please don’t make our lives any harder’, was the impression they were desperately trying to send Saliss.
The Drake considered it. But it was late, and even Saliss needed to sleep. So he just pointed two finger-claws at the [Guards].
“Keep guarding stuff, [Guards]!”
They stared at the finger-guns Saliss had picked up from Erin. He chortled and gyrated into the night. Saliss did have fun, contrary to what Mirn believed.
For instance, just half an hour later, Watch Captain Qissa paused in the beginning of her day-shift and looked up at the Drake posing in the doorway. She closed her eyes.
“No. Get out. Please?”
“Don’t be like that, Qissa! Aren’t we friends? You arrest me, I dance naked in public—we have a relationship!”
Saliss slid through the doorway. The Watch Captain saw the desk-sergeant giving her a hopeless look. In theory, 6th Floor’s Watch could have stopped or arrested Saliss. But they only did that now and then and the [Alchemist] was one of Pallass’ assets.
The desk sergeant and other [Guards] left the sacrificial Watch Captain to her fate. Qissa resigned herself to a long day. If there were omens for how your shift was going to go—a naked Named Adventurer before dawn was a bad one.
“Alchemist Saliss, please tell me you haven’t melted something.”
“Nope!”
“Destroyed public property?”
“Not recently.”
“Offended a foreign dignitary? Killed or discovered a monster? Caused a public disturbance?”
Qissa brightened up as Saliss shook his head to the most-common reasons he’d appear in her office. She saw the Drake dig around in a belt pouch.
“Actually, Qissa, the reason I came here was…tada!”
He slapped something on the table. The Watch Captain craned her neck to see…rows of numbers and little names of potions. Saliss half-crawled onto the desk and looked pleadingly up at her. She resisted the urge to shove him off.
“Please check my math? I’m bored. Also, the Merchant’s Guild is closed.”
Qissa, resigned, looked at the Drake lying on her desk. Out of all the Watch Captains in Pallass—why her?
She knew why. Pallass was many times larger than Liscor and had multiple Watch Captains per day/night cycle. There were at least four on duty at any given time and Pallass had a Watch Commander. However, Saliss of Lights had different relationships with each one and he ‘liked’ Qissa.
It was advantageous to have the Naked Drake of Pallass as a friendly figure, not an unfriendly one. Saliss could be uncooperative if he chose to be. So, Qissa reached for the list with a sigh. And like so many of Saliss’ antics, she saw the method behind the annoyance.
“Potions? Potion of Blaze, Potion of Barkskin, Potion of—”
