Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 18
It was a simple one. Gnolls ate hot meat from a hunt. They laughed and drank and talked and followed the [Shaman] from the Plain’s Eye tribe as they led a strange contraption forward, hoisted on a few poles by Gnolls careful not to let the embers burn anything down or touch their fur.
It was an effigy. The kind of thing you burned. The flames were halfway up, and the smoke was acrid because of the paint. Satar looked up and saw a white Gnoll burning.
A Doombringer. The Gnolls cheered as it burned, and it passed by the Silverfang camp. Some Gnolls came out to join them, not knowing why Liscor’s representatives and some of the Gnolls went so silent.
But they weren’t Doombringers. The little girl watched the white Gnoll burning as Gire tried to distract her. The worst part? If Satar could have written it down, she would have put it like this:
 
The little girl looked like my brother. She didn’t look evil, and Doombringers were always described as evil to me. In every story. As bad as Raskghar. I wondered, then, if any stories were true. Because if she was evil, no one was good. 
Maybe she was cursed. I didn’t know. But the saddest part as she watched the effigy of the Doombringer burning wasn’t that the other Gnolls were cheering. Or that none of us could say anything. The saddest part—was that she didn’t look surprised.
 
Satar would never write this down. Not until the day came when it wouldn’t endanger anyone. Never, never. But she kept writing in her heart, in her mental diary.
 
That was the moment when I knew I had to help her. Find the truth. Doombringer. What…
Were we lied to?
 
Something began to tingle in her mind. That rare class, that rare Skill…began to reach out. Highlight the mistakes in red, and they were everywhere. Satar reached for her Skill and felt it.
[Narrative: Spot Inconsistencies].
 
——
 
Mrsha du Marquin stood with her crab-hat on her head. It had seemed like such a good idea when she had crab legs with Gire today.
Now? She looked at the little bit of string looped through the crab shell and decided it was a mockery of a dead crab’s life. She took it off. She didn’t want to play anymore.
“Mrsha? Are you okay?”
Gire hovered around Mrsha, like an anxious terrier the size of a water buffalo. She nudged Mrsha.
“Want to play? I have the smartphone. Let’s play, Mrsha.”
The girl stared up at Gire. She reached for her notecard and wrote, staring up at the blue sky tarnished by smoke.
 
I am adequately entertained, Gire. I will lie here now and rest recumbent forevermore. Or until I get tired, thank you.
 
Gire hesitated. Her brows crossed. In anyone else but a Terandrian noble, Mrsha’s eloquent writing would have stumped them, much less from a child. Gire, though?
“Verily, Mrsha, I quite comprehend the impetus to laxitudity, but maudlin does not become you. I would that you repast yourself on fine foods or find something of import and would help you find that. What about…cookies?”
Mrsha almost smiled.
Forsooth, dear friend. It seems I needs must join you in some small measure of delight. Let us abscond, then. Carry me.
So Gire scooped her up, and Mrsha hugged her great friend. She buried her face into Gire’s arm. The [Paragon] hugged her gently and glared at the burning Gnoll effigy as she turned away.
It was then that Rose burst into tears. She started blubbering so hard for Mrsha, for Gire, that Adetr Steelfur stopped walking towards her, hesitated, and went to buy a gift and wait for her to stop.
 
——
 
