Interlude – Two Rats
Page 28
And all eyes turned to Elirr, and the old [Beast Tamer] sighed. But they were pests. And so he went and called for his dogs as Erin picked up the white rat and grey rat that Mrsha held in her paws. She stared at them and Numbtongue lifted the hammer. But Erin protested, and so the two were saved.
From tragedy to grief. The two shuddered at the blood. And the People of the Grain Sack saw their kindred being taken upstairs, into the light, by the titans. And they did not protest and instead hid, thinking themselves safe. Until they heard the barking, and meows, and the click of ivory on wood.
And then the People of the Grain Sack knew the last age had come and they took to flight. But down poured a multitude of beasts, led by a Gnoll who spoke of peace. And he meant every word. To kill a rat was one thing. To torture it, sheer cruelty. The People of the Grain Sack screamed and fled either way.
And lo, there was great lamentation and terror. Beasts of fang and tooth, made larger or smarter by a [Beast Trainer]’s craft fell upon the basement, pouncing, biting, and tearing. The People of the Grain Sack fled into every cranny and hole. To no avail.
Not one of four generations survived. They died in the basement and Erin poked her head in and decided it needed a wash. Poor Ishkr got that job. For overtime pay and triple the hour. He sighed and got to work as the ratters washed and gleefully filled their bellies.
The Goblin watched it all. Did he think of his kindred in that moment? Or of the death of Goblins played out a hundred ways in a hundred times? Did he see kinship between the rats and he, as they fled from the predators that toyed and killed indiscriminately?
No. They were rats. But privately, the Hobgoblin thought it would have been kinder to use a hammer and make them go splat, rather than use a bunch of dogs and cats.
 
—-
 
So ended a people. In terror and fear. And the last of the rats quivered in Mrsha’s paws. The Gnoll looked down and felt them shake. And it was an echo of her. It made her fear Erin was right.
It couldn’t be. But it was. The [Druid] looked up and saw Elirr’s face. The Gnoll didn’t look bothered by the death of all the rats in the basement. He’d been angrier when he saw the two rats tied together. Now he just looked miffed as a cat tried to crawl up one leg. He shooed it off.
“You stupid cats! That hurts! Climb somewhere else!”
Half the cats licking their bloody paws looked up. And all of them decided to flip their tails up and show their butts to the [Beast Tamer]. He glared.
“I hate training cats.”
But that was a lie, wasn’t it? One of the ones adults told. Mrsha looked up at Elirr. And he looked down at her. She sniveled. Her nose was still running. And he bent down. Lyonette was giving him a death’s glare. The Gnoll ignored it as he looked at the Gnoll cub.
“Oh, little Mrsha. I know I was harsh. But I mean it. You can feel them, can’t you? You know they hurt. It’s unkind. But Plains Gnolls are often unkind. That’s how we have to be. We kill Corusdeer or cows or even, yes, cats! You hear that you fleabags?”
He shouted at the cats and they scattered, yowling as Ishkr glumly mopped up the bloody basement and rat corpses. Elirr looked back at Mrsha.
“The difference is that if we have any decency, we do it quick. Have you ever seen a [Hunter], letting an animal bleed out? Or stabbing an animal and letting it die slow? Those are monsters.”
Mrsha shivered. She could picture that. She tearfully looked down at the rats. Did that make her one? Elirr shook his head.
