Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 11
Kissilt looked as appalled as Venaz. The Drake shook his head, spilling his drink as he reached for a shrimp. Foliana shook the liquid off her fur as she stood next to him.
“You damned Human anarchists. What happened to the order of law?”
“Shut it, Kissilt. No one wants to hear about the superiority of Drakes. It’s as bad as listening to Venaz talk about Minotaurs.”
“I resent that!”
“As do I!”
The Drake and Minotaur glared at each other. Feshi cleared her throat.
“Speaking of bloodlines—how is it that the nobility don’t have funny heads and weird noses, Wil? I’ve seen bad inbreeding among Oldblood families back home. And it is not pretty, no?”
She looked at Kissilt and the Drake, glaring, nodded. Wil shrugged.
“We make sure to marry distant blood relatives. And lots of the nobility have Skills to help with children.”
“Skills? What, like fertility Skills?”
Cameral spat his drink out and glared at Yerranola. The Selphid cackled, greatly amused. The other Dullahans looked scandalized. Wil turned beet red.
“No! Inheritance Skills! You know, [Adroit Progeny]? Skills that allow you to pass on what the mother or father was good at—like if the father was a [Lord] who was excellent at warfare, his children have a better chance of being as good as he was with a sword, or as beautiful as their mother?”
He looked around. This time the side-eyes he got were deeply disturbed. Jekilt shook his head. His torso leaned over as his horse-half sat on the cushions.
“Let me get this straight. Terandrian nobility have Skills that…change their children?”
He looked appalled. Wil nodded.
“Wait. No one else has heard of it? It’s not rare. I mean—come on. Really? It makes sense! A Skill that passes down appearance, or talent? No one…?”
The other species looked at each other. And then they pushed themselves back from the table, leaving the Humans and Merrik alone. They huddled together, glancing over at Wil. Foliana was stealing Kissilt’s shrimp.
“Dead gods, that explains so much. Remember the other nobility we met? No wonder so many washed out!”
“That’s so freaky. Terandria is weird.”
“Don’t make fun of him! He’s got a great body! Do you know how much it costs to buy the body of the nobility on the black market? Let alone a good one? Look at that jaw!”
Yerranola objected, pointing back at Wil. Marian snorted.
“He probably got it from his father.”
Venaz nodded, looking deeply disgruntled.
“He was born with an advantage. Humans. Even with children, they have to put a finger on the scales—”
“Don’t drag scales into this, Venaz. We don’t do anything like that in the Walled Cities.”
“What about Oldblood breeding programs, Kissilt? I know Drakes do that!”
“It’s not the same as having Skills—hey! Who ate my shrimp? Marian!”
The Drake exclaimed as he saw his bowl was nearly empty. He turned and glared at the Centauress to his left. She folded her arms.
“Don’t look at me! I don’t like shrimp!”
“You don’t?”
Xelic, one of the Lizardmen, looked horrified. Umina sighed as she waved for another bowl of the delectable crustaceans. Alive. Drunken shrimp marinated in alcohol were the best. Marian just shuddered as half the table ordered a second round of snacks. Foliana took another from Kissilt’s bowl.
“I don’t know how you eat them. They’re awful! Fish, now, I like fish. But shrimp? They’re okay if they’re breaded, but raw? Moving?”
Marian pointed at the refill a Lizardgirl [Server] was bringing over. The drunk shrimp met a grisly fate as Venaz picked it up and bit the head off. He shrugged.
