Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 11
After a full minute, Erin looked at Altestiel.
“Me? But wh—”
“Are you unwilling to even consider it a moment? If that is your answer, I will accept it, Erin Solstice.”
The [Knight Marshal]’s face fell. He hesitated, then stood slowly. Looking…
“You clever bastard.”
Palt murmured. That was what was missing. Erin looked at Altestiel. Then she stood, flustered.
“No! I mean—”
Everyone waited on her response. Erin looked around, and then, beet-red, muttered.
“Okay?”
And Altestiel took The Wandering Inn by storm.
 
—-
 
“I feel as though I’ve failed you, Ser Solstice.”
Talia Kallinad was flushed with embarrassment. It made Rabbiteater feel embarrassed for her. Also—dead.
He was going to die. But the Hobgoblin had thought that many times. It was almost a friend’s thought.
“Why?”
“I…we should have continued to fight. As it is, we will be ransomed. At cost. I think my family will pay your ransom, but it is a [Knight]’s shame. This is not how I hoped you would see the Order of Seasons, at our lowest.”
The other [Knights] murmured agreement. They were all sitting, cuffed, in a tent. Not in full chains, and not treated too harshly; they’d been tended to with rough military medicine and even given food, albeit gross food for the [Knights].
Good for Rabbiteater. And most crucially—they’d let the ‘Goblin Slayer’ keep his armor. The other [Knights] were partially disarmed, all helmets off…
It wouldn’t last. Talia indicated the [Soldiers] on guard in front of the tent.
“If we had fought…”
If, if, if. Rabbiteater thought back to the moment it had all gone wrong.
Ailendamus ships at sea. They’d told the [Captain] to pull over and surrender the [Knights], even though his was a neutral vessel. Talia had ordered him to lose the pursuit.
They’d fled. A fight had broken out. A fireball had burned the sails, and three ships had drawn alongside. It would be a fight three-to-one, perhaps in the water.
Not exactly ideal for the [Knights], with their horses belowdecks and most not at home with naval combat. Talia had conferred with her Order and elected to surrender.
Rabbiteater could have opposed it. But the odds of survival…
“What will happen?”
“You will be ransomed, Ser Solstice. No improprieties will be taken. The Order of Seasons would not stand for that and Ailendamus is not entirely morally corrupt.”
A Spring Knight raised her voice to address the [Soldiers] outside. They ignored her. The others explained.
The thing was…they needed to know who Rabbiteater was. They would ransom him, expecting a [Knight] to be able to pay something or be imprisoned.
But who would pay Rabbiteater’s ransom? And even if they did—
“I regret your vow may be broken.”
Talia finished. Rabbiteater nodded. He should have just jumped ship and abandoned them.
But he’d been playing [Knight].
Playing [Knight]. A good way to put it. Rabbiteater was a Level 5 [Knight]. Not a high-level one. Not…a [Champion].
It was time to be honest. The Hobgoblin turned his helmeted head to look at Talia.
She had a huge black eye from where she’d been hit. No healing potions until they were ransomed.
“Talia. I have to tell you something.”
“Yes, Ser Solstice?”
“I…lied. I am not…a [Knight].”
The Order of Seasons stirred. They all looked at Ser Solstice, who they had embraced as their own. Talia’s eyes flickered.
She did not seem very surprised, but a bit.
“You mean, you have not our class, Solstice?”
That was her name for him. Solstice. Knight Solstice, Ser Solstice. Even that would become a lie. Rabbiteater shrugged. A Goblin’s answer.
“I have the class. Level 5. But I am not…a knight.”
