Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 64
“I grew up reading stories of her! I would wager many rulers of Qualvekkaras did! We have books of her and her stories. Other Gnolls too! The thought that the tales of Arculen Jawbreaker were lost—I myself will pledge to send a copy of our stories to Izril. Although it may be simpler just to have a [Scribe] copy it. But I will send our tales to the Gnolls of Izril.”
“And who is this flying Gnoll?”
Drassi leaned forwards, and Satar’s fur began to rise of its own accord. It couldn’t be. But wasn’t it right there, in one of the most famous songs ever written and sung? The white-feathered Garuda looked at Drassi in shock and then threw her head back and caw-laughed. So did her retainers.
“I didn’t even say! I thought everyone would know her! She was the [Great Chieftain of the Skies], and she flew higher than most Garuda ever dreamed. Her name was—”
“Seru’nial.”
The Gnolls whispered it. The Gnoll who took her tribe into the clouds. The Sapki looked around, beaming.
“She came to us to learn to fly! Well, of course she did. Imagine if she’d been taught by Drakes! She’d have crashed before she got halfway up!”
All the Garuda exploded with laughter and slapped each other with their wings. Noass opened his mouth—and Makhita looked up.
“Ah, but I’m wasting time. Who’s next? Um—ah, yes. It’s written right here. Gorgon Lixctoria.”
“Wait, but—”
The image changed, and a Gorgon appeared—or rather, one slitted eye. Noass nearly fell out of his seat, and Drassi recoiled. The Gorgon boomed as a plethora of Lizardfolk clamored to get into the shot.
“Of course we had Gnolls. We have books of how they explored the Dyed Lands with the first of us. Or do you mean older? They came across the sea in ages past. Gnolls, who lived across this land. We were sorry when they left—we didn’t do it. Blame the Centaurs and Dullahans.”
She held up a book and brandished it, before one of the Lizardmen raced onto the scrying orb. One of them produced a ring and tried to kneel down as he spoke rapidly.
“Drassi, will you marry m—”
The Gorgon slapped him out of frame with her tail so fast they never heard the rest. And she was the last person Fetohep had prepared. But, of course, she was hardly the last.
“Gnolls? We had them. Obviously. There are records of Gnoll-[Knights]. You’d think they’d be called [Fur Knights] or something, but apparently that was a slur back in the day.”
A Terandrian [Historian] did his best to explain, but the energetic King of Avel was the one to use the unfortunate appellation, jostling for his screen time.
Satar said nothing. She just listened. And she looked. Not just at the stories each nation had…
At their books. The [Bow King] raised it triumphantly.
It wasn’t all about them. Some books were, but the others? It was just a single passage, or a side-character. But there they were.
We were here. Gnolls. They were in the other species’ stories. Heroes and villains and helpers, cunning tricksters and stalwart friends. More and more nations began cracking books open. Even nations that Satar had never heard of.
A Dullahan wearing what looked like coral armor from an island pointed to a library of a hundred books.
“We have a hundred books in our library. Of the stories with histories or adventures, over sixty have Gnolls. We counted. They’re here.”
“Well—of course. We have stories with Gnolls too, you know. Lots of Gnolls. We just don’t go waving them about.”
Noass tried to bluster. The Dullahan looked at him and frowned.
“Shut up, Pallass.”
