Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 1
Ryoka saw him flick his eyes back to their farm. And the well, freshly topped-up with silver. The Lischelle-Drakle family had been forced to boil water and collect the evaporated droplets rather than drink from the well. Hiding that from the non-Vampires during the storm had been a trick and a half.
“Be careful, Fierre. You’ll have to find a supply yourself.”
“I will. Thanks.”
Fierre looked at Ryoka. The young woman nodded slightly to Himilt.
“Is your family leaving, Mister Himilt?”
“We’re still talking. We need to spread word. Bamer and Rivel are going to deliver the news already.”
The Vampire farmer replied quietly. Ryoka nodded.
“And what will you do? Leave Izril?”
Both Himilt and Fierre were quiet. The farmer glanced back towards the ruined keep. He sighed.
“It’s not so simple. My family is one thing, Miss Ryoka. Vampires as a whole? Another. The thing about wells and groundwater and such is…it takes more than that to chase us off. Now we know what is ailing us, we can at least clean the wells, dig new ones, and perhaps…we’ll have those pills made up for us and try them. I will, at least.”
Charcoal pills. Ryoka nodded. The Vampires were also going to use different methods to clean their water. The problem was…she was no expert in metal poisoning and they had lived here for generations.
“So you’ll try first?”
Himilt nodded.
“If we must move, we must. However, that would be what House Byres wants. If we flee—they win. I’d rather try to save what can be saved, first.”
His eyes were flinty and crimson. Fierre nodded, folding her arms. Ryoka couldn’t imagine what they were feeling.
Himilt went on after a pregnant pause.
“For now, we have too much to do. We need new flocks. We were lucky to buy some breeding pairs from overseas that had just come in. Colfa knows [Breeders] and [Herders] the continent over; her family can get us animals. New animals. Ones who weren’t raised in Izril.”
“And the old ones?”
Himilt blinked as Ryoka glanced back at the plentiful herds, being led out by Colfa herself to graze. He shrugged.
“We’ll keep most. Fluffles, of course. He just won’t give blood.”
“Oh. Well, good.”
Fierre’s jaw dropped. She stared at Ryoka.
“Did you think we were going to kill him? He’s my favorite sheep! I’d eat anyone who hurt him!”
“I just—I’m sorry.”
Ryoka raised her hands defensively. Fluffles the Seventh—or was it Sixth?—was an odd pet for a Vampire girl.
“We will keep talking. And decide as a group. For now—Vampires are in your debt, Miss Griffin. We won’t pass on your name, as you asked. But word will spread.”
Himilt nodded at her. He’d said as much this morning. Ryoka felt embarrassed again. But this time—a thought occurred to her she’d forgotten to ask.
“Himilt. Can I ask how many Vampires there are in Izril?”
She hadn’t ever inquired. Fierre and Himilt glanced at each other.
“That’s normally secret, Ryoka.”
“Well then I—”
“But for you, it’s fine. There are several thousand of us.”
Ryoka’s jaw dropped.
“Several…”
That was a lot. Wait. Was it? Several thousand for a continent of Izril’s size? Was it a lot or a little? Himilt nodded.
“They’re not all scattered families like ours. There are…settlements. Larger clans. Even…towns. Fierre can tell you more. So you can imagine moving all of us will be difficult indeed. Everywhere House Byres has gone is poisoned. If we can clean the area, well and good. But they have had centuries to turn Izril against us.”
He shook his head. Fierre spat. Ryoka nodded. Then she had a thought. She glanced at Fierre, and then south.
