Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 7
And then the two began to dance. The music halted, shifted as the musicians found a different song. They took on a courtly, slower theme, like one of the Victorian-era songs for the ballroom. But of course, this being Lord Bel’s home, it was more upbeat, and with a melody and harmony that made you want to move.
And the young [Knight] took Lord Bel’s hand and they began a waltz. Like the very ones Lyonette had taught to Pawn, although Ryoka couldn’t know that. But she grinned as the two men danced towards. The other Savellian [Knights] were clapping lightly to the beat and their grandmaster was whirling one of the female [Dancers] onto the floor.
They just loved to dance. That was all of it. Be it courtly, fast, newfangled or traditional, on-the-spot—Ryoka stared at the people in the image. And she wanted to move her feet. She wondered if Lord Bel had ever heard of tricking. No—how good could someone in this world with a dancing class be?
Certainly, she saw Lord Bel effortlessly hoist the younger [Knight] in a classic ballroom move, as if the armored person were a light [Lady] in the dress. He even made it look graceful, which should not apply to someone wearing plate armor. Yes, it was light, but…
The theme was set. Male dancers paired off with male, and female with female. They whirled around, dancing as the music began to pick up. Ryoka was smiling and Fierre laughing. And as Lord Bel turned to walk hand-in-hand with the [Knight] of Savellia, tracing their steps carefully and delicately across the ballroom floor—
The image went blank. The scrying orb darkened, turned into crystal. Ryoka’s jaw dropped. What happened? She stared at the [Mage] attending the scrying orb. He was staring at it, confused. And then—
The image of Noass and Sir Relz’s broadcast flipped back on. But the table was empty. The audience, bewildered, stared at it. Then, they saw a Drake—not one of the two [Commentators], but one of their assistants, hurry onscreen.
A little placard was hastily placed in front of the empty desk by a Drake assistant who hurried offstage just as fast. Ryoka read it slowly.
We apologize for the short intermission. This broadcast has been cancelled due to issues of possible obscenity.
There was a moment of silence. And then Ryoka threw her pail of popcorn at the scrying orb.
“What? That was the best part! You sacks of shit!”
Ryoka and Fierre went nuts from the back of the crowd. The audience erupted into shouting as the Mage’s Guild tried to restore order. The worst part was that not everyone was with Ryoka. Some people looked disgruntled.
“They can’t be real! That was just two guys dancing! And doing it better than I’ve seen!”
Fierre looked unhappy, but she tried to shush Ryoka as the [Mage] glared at her.
“I bet there are Terandrian nations already complaining.”
“For what? It’s just—”
The scrying orb came back to life as Ryoka was about to rant. Noass appeared in the screen, hurrying forwards and looking unprepared. He brushed crumbs off his tunic.
“Sorry for the delay, folks. Er, we apologize for the scene, and we’ll uh, immediately cut to—”
There was another voice in the background. Sir Relz, and someone else.
“Those Ancestors damned—there are children watching! Talk about impropriety! We’ll have to broadcast—no! No one’s ready! Cut to the Titan! What do you mean, he’s not teaching class? Cut to—”
Ryoka just stared. Drakes too. She knew this world had problems, but she realized—was it Terandria and Izril? She looked at Fierre. The Vampire-girl seemed just as annoyed as she was.
