Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 36
The [Bard] who found himself in grand tales and sometimes took up arms that they should end the right way. He looked old and young. He smiled, shamefaced.
“I confess, it was not just the desire to know that made me come out of my semi-retirement, Cognita. One of the stories I had hoped to investigate—ended. Too abruptly. I have seen it many times, as you have. Or maybe it is not ended, but I cannot imagine how it will return. The Horns are part of it.”
“Really.”
“Yes. I met with adventurers from the Village of the Dead raid. They are still fighting over who will gain the Helm of Fire, but the Horns of Hammerad saw what lay in the center of that place. Isn’t that a story worthy of Barelle the Bard? Not to mention, the King of Destruction has awoken! He will be more than the lifeless man on the throne. I wish to see it. So—yes. I am going to Chandrar.”
The [Bard] stood on the decks, breathing in the salt air as Cognita felt the ship move. She envied the life in his eyes, rekindled by adventure. He looked at her, and took her in fully.
“There is a story behind Cognita of Wistram leaving her home. May I ask it?”
The Truestone Golem considered him for a long time. Stories. True and untrue, flawed, the stories she told herself about Zelkyr, the ones told by history and the present.
“Perhaps. Yes, perhaps it was well we met after all, Barelle the Bard. Let us talk. As for the [Prince]?”
She glanced over, to where he was hovering, eyes alight with interest. Cognita glanced at Barelle.
“Does he matter? Or is he just a smaller player in your story?”
Barelle glanced at Zenol, who hadn’t heard them, only saw them looking his way. He bowed again, and Barelle smiled.
“Everyone has a story, Cognita of Wistram. Perhaps you will think more kindly of him if I tell you his?”
She considered it.
“I will listen.”
Thus, Barelle the Bard stood, setting his foot on the lip of a railing, and lifted his harp. The deck went silent and even Bressa turned to listen as Barelle the Bard gave a performance. He strummed one chord that sang like the sea, as blue as the sky. His double-harp had a mortal set of chords, and the magical strings on the other side.
Was it music or chant? Cognita listened. It was not rehearsed, but it was free-form, told by Barelle to the ringing notes. He touched the magical chords only rarely; they had power, but it was power that only had its magic because it was spent more rarely than the mortal chords.
“There is a story behind Prince Zenol of Nerrhavia’s Fallen. [Prince of Sands]. Prince of Isphel. One of many of Nerrhavia’s royal lines that stem from the throne. Long ago, the [Prince] left for an adventurer’s life. For war, for death, for untimely end and strife. He did so not just for glory or gold, but to fulfill fate. His father’s story, which shapes him. A tale of old.”
Prince Zenol watched Barelle the Bard. With a kind of eagerness and pain mixed. Cognita looked at him as Barelle told the story of the former Prince of Isphel. Now there was a man who might have risen higher. Who had risen higher.
A [Prince] who had carried his line into fame. A lion among Nerrhavia’s sheep.
Who died when his son was but a boy and left their house weakened irrevocably. And a legacy that would never be matched. Barelle touched a string like blood and it echoed across the sea as the Four Winds raced onwards. Past. Present. Future. Zenol listened. He whispered.
“[Like a Lion, He Leapt].”
