Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 34
“Let’s assume I have Antinium labor. And that costs on some of the rare materials go down. Oh, and I can prevail on Master Pelt and Master Hedault and other mages in the area.”
“Uh huh.”
“I will also assume I’m trying to get this done quickly, not in four years.”
“Yep.”
“Well then, advance me roughly three hundred thousand gold pieces, and we’ll see how fast it runs out.”
It was Lyonette’s turn to begin choking, but Hexel just indicated the designs.
“I’m not being facetious before either of you two object. Drevish wants magicore insulation. As in, magicore? That substance that [Mages] love? He wants enough to fill the lining in entire rooms. Entire pipes of the damn stuff. Oh, and he wants a plumbing system in copper throughout the inn. He seems to think you can have dedicated toilets in each room.”
“Oh no.”
Erin had told him about modern hotels, and she saw that Drevish, up to the challenge, had designed a lot of guest rooms with an inbuilt toilet and shower or bath. Hexel tapped the blueprints.
“Let’s say I take that out. Make everything out of wood and stone. I don’t know if some of the building would collapse, even with reinforcement Skills. Drevish was a picky bastard. He used to make plans such that if you cut corners, you’d watch the entire building implode under the weight of inferior materials. You do know he’s calling for mithril-alloy in some of his metals?”
Erin covered her face. Lyonette’s smile was waxy. Hexel glanced at both of them and shuffled the foolscap together.
“So. Once you advance me the gold, I’ll begin work. We’ll have to find a foundation if you don’t want me redesigning the inn over your heads, but then again, I could easily just have the Antinium raise the hills next to this inn. By the time this inn is done, no one will be able to dig it out or use [Earthquake] to ruin it. Just let me know when you’re ready.”
Erin’s head rose.
“What, in ten years? Twenty? Fifty? I can’t get that money, Hexel!”
The Lamia gave Erin a polite smile.
“I am not going to disparage your claims, Miss Erin. But I do have eyes. Chaldion of Pallass, Earl Altestiel, and Niers Astoragon are all sitting in or around your inn. I also hear that delightfully precocious Mrsha is penpals with Fetohep of Khelt. Whenever you have my budget, let me know and I will make time for you. Now, did you want to talk about statues?”
 
——
 
A statue cost anywhere from a few hundred gold pieces to tens of thousands. On average. That precluded exceptionally expensive ones made with Skills or with the artisan or materials jacking up the price.
The reason was that a few hundred gold coins paid for a good [Woodworker] to sculpt a statue for a few weeks to a few months. Depending on how cheap you wanted it, the majority of the price could be just finding enough wood of the right material.
But a whole damn statue quarried out of the right marble or granite? Thousands. Start at thousands and move up—just for the effort of finding a block of stone in that condition and transporting it. Even with chests of holding, few devices could hold something of that size.
Obviously, you could get someone else to finance it. And depending on the size, the price scaled down a lot. But if you wanted larger-than-life, the kind that could adorn a plaza—tens of thousands.
That was the simple economics that Orreh, the [Silversmith] of the Silverfang Tribe, knew off the back of his paw, and he wasn’t even a [Sculptor]. He said as much to Krshia Silverfang as he followed her out of the gates.
