Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 28
A hand caught it. Erin saw a dark, slim Antinium inspect the fiery drink.
Klbkch. She looked at him, and her breath caught. The Antinium looked—unhappy. So deeply so, Erin could feel it. But this wasn’t the night. She couldn’t help him now. She had to—
The Revalantor, Klbkch the Slayer raised the glass. He stood in a moment made for him, as people like Saliss and Grimalkin turned. Chaldion looked up. Olesm froze, and Zevara tensed.
Klbkchhezeim of the Free Antinium stared around the room. He looked at Pawn, and Bird and Belgrade and the others who were here against his orders. At Erin. But he did not say anything to them.
It was not the moment. The Antinium simply lifted his glass. He opened his mandibles.
“To the Centenium of the True Antinium. To the Antinium of Rhir!”
He drank. And then he hurled the glass to the floor, as Relc had done. The Slayer walked back. And no one stopped him. It made the eyes of some burn with more than sadness, but his was not the only toast. He had the right.
“Attention, attention everyone! Shut up!”
Erin climbed onto a table. She kicked someone’s spaghetti out of the way. Erin waved her arms. She had a mug in one hand, filled with alcohol, not the burning magic drink. Everyone turned as Erin shouted.
“I have only one thing to say tonight! This is my inn! And you’re all my guests! You’ve seen it destroyed, rebuilt! You’ve seen monsters—and heroes!”
She shouted to the roaring crowd. And Erin felt more like an [Innkeeper] than she had before. People shouted, someone screamed about their spaghetti, and Erin shouted louder as the drinks and food flowed.
“Just remember this! This is The Wandering Inn! And we’ve seen good people and jerks come through here! Legends and monsters! But we remember the good ones now! Raise a cup to them all! They’ll be back again, someday!” 
People began to thrust their tankards and cups up, but they paused. Erin looked around. And in the sudden lull, she nodded.
“The good and the bad. But that’s okay. Because this inn’s open. And I believe that if you can do terrible things, you can also redeem yourself.”
Her words carried across the bar. And Erin gazed about. She looked past Beza, Montressa, and Palt, past Relc, Olesm, Klbkch, standing silent, watching, past Lyonette and everyone in the inn who looked at her and listened and remembered. Out, through one of the windows at the distant city. And further still.
“No matter how far you go, no matter where you go or who you become—you can always come back here. That’s a promise. I might hit you with a pan, but this inn welcomes you all. Because it has only one rule. Which is?”
She waited. Her guests murmured. And then a Drake jumped onto his chair. The Senior Guardsman raised his mug and met Erin’s eyes. He nodded, and then bellowed. And he was not alone.
Relc shouted it with Saliss, and the [Mages], and Lyonette and Numbtongue and everyone who’d ever been stopped and had the sign above the bar pointed out to them. Who’d ever looked up and read the words, or seen the little sign by the door. They shouted it.
“No killing Goblins!”
Erin laughed. She lifted her tankard and drank it down in one go, to cheers from around the inn. Then Erin got down from the table.
“Nice speech. Also, that would be more impressive if I didn’t know you were immune to it.”
Lyonette helped Erin onto the floor; glass shards had been swept, but Mrsha was sitting on a table much to her delight. Erin wobbled as she went to put the mug down and missed. The world was suddenly…tilted.
“What was that?”
