Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 2)
Page 55
The [Crusaders] looked dumbly at him. They had never known you could speak if you were a Soldier. Yet this Painted Antinium, Overstone, had learned how to.
“Mrsha-speak. We must teach you all how to do it. Here. Garry’s bread and some Ashfire honey. There is not much. The bee colony vanished, although one of our jobs is to resupply each week with sugar water. We get no honey, though.”
Starfold himself sat with Squad 5, talking easily with Theophilus and Zimrah, who sometimes came to calm Crusader 57 down. The [Cleric] eyed Crusader 51 and the silent Squad 5 playing dice with Overstone as he replied.
“I did not know this was a function of the Painted Antinium.”
Starfold smiled, and Overstone brought out something as he lost his game, and the pillbugs he’d been loaned were swept away by Shelly. He produced copper coins and offered them around. How much are these worth?
“We take jobs. Silveran employs some of us. This job was paid for by Mrsha herself. However, when we heard of the tragic battles on the front and Pawn asked who would fight, we all volunteered.”
The tragic battles? Crusader 51 looked at Starfold as Theophilus clicked his mandibles.
“Pawn is well, then.”
“Yes. He sends word for you to visit if you are able, Theophilus. We will help you end this war as quickly as possible.”
Squad 5’s heads rose as one, and they looked at each other. Overstone watched them politely, but funnily enough, the Painted Antinium could not understand the [Crusaders].
Since they wore helmets, their natural ability to sort of sense things was muted, and Squad 5 had a different sort of link. But they were alike in this.
End the war quickly? The Painted Antinium rose as Tersk demanded they show him how good they were. Crusader 51 watched as the Painted Antinium rose—and outperformed every battalion.
 
——
 
“Incoming attack. Left.”
The Painted Antinium pivoted as one to meet a charge from Drisshia. They barely needed Starfold’s verbal words; they signaled each other with sign-language, and they were so in-tune that they moved together.
But any squad who’d fought long enough could do that. The difference was…when the angry Drakes in armor came at them, the Painted Antinium opened up.
“[Long Uppercut]!”
A Drake went over as a Worker threw a punch. One of the Soldiers threw a javelin and called it back. A third calmly blocked a sword slash with gauntleted arms; the impact left no mark on the steel.
They had levels. Some were higher than Crusader 51’s level. Not [Crusaders], these, but regular [Soldiers], [Warriors]—even a few [Skirmishers] copying Ksmvr of Chandrar.
Because they watched television.
The Painted Antinium sent Drisshia packing. A wounded Painted Antinium was nearly run through, but five Painted Antinium jumped on the Drake trying to finish him off. Crusader 51 watched as the Painted Antinium lent their voices to the fleeing Drakes.
“Run! You must suffer for what you have done!”
“Flee to Hectval! Cowards!”
What made it worse was that they had morale through the roof, fought in perfect sync beyond even the regular [Crusaders], were beautiful in their colors…and had levels beyond all but the best [Crusaders], and they weren’t doing it on purpose.
They didn’t know they came across to the rest of the crusade as…arrogant. Perhaps the Painted Antinium realized they weren’t liked, so they went around sharing their possessions, even gifting them the last of the provisions they brought. They didn’t realize why that made it worse.
