Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 14
Just like the Titan. Tallguard. Luan saw a few more, young Fraerlings, children to the full adults, glance at the Tallguard, and there it was. A kind of…romance. Distant for most, stronger in the children.
Like how kids looked at Daly or other adventurers. Noa waved, smiling. Ekrn slapped her arm down.
“Don’t encourage them.”
“We always need recruits, boss.”
“Almost all wash out. Nineteen out of twenty. Did you know the Guidance this year was a washout? But she got to actual fieldwork…she got further than most do. Well, Luan. This is the city of the Fraerling. A primitive village where we make shoes and hide pots of gold. Hah! What do you think?”
The Human was silent as Ekrn looked at him, reminded that the Architects were letting him see all this and in a bad mood again. He waited, and heard Luan’s voice, distant. Longing.
“It’s beautiful. We don’t have this magic. This is amazing. It reminds me, though. Of home.”
Ekrn glanced sharply at the eye in the jar. Home? He looked around at the city no Human could dare match. He hadn’t told Luan this, but he had seen cities of Baleros. He was one of the Tallguard who had gone on missions to cities—even great ones—and he knew.
There was no city like this, not even Pallass. Unless he was far off.
Yet Luan didn’t sound like he was lying. Ekrn’s anger and wariness began to shift. To curiosity. He began to realize that if a great secret had been unveiled by Luan finding them…perhaps they had found something here too in him.
After all. How else could you explain the strange device in his bag of holding? The one that had no magic, but glowed? Ekrn rubbed his chin as they went to meet the Architects.
 
—-
 
The meeting with the Architects took two hours and was surprisingly…normal. They asked Luan a lot of questions and he answered.
He was a City Runner who’d survived a freak accident at sea. He wanted to go home; he wouldn’t tell.
Obviously they had problems letting him go, and they debated that with Ekrn.
“Look, if we wipe his memory—it never works. That’s how stories get out.”
“What about a [Geas]?”
“You can break those. It’s my professional opinion that you can’t keep our secret safe without a dead Human—and even then, [Necromancers] talk. So you chop up the pieces and feed them to the crocodiles. No offense, Luan.”
“Much taken.”
Noa was nervous, but Ekrn’s heart wasn’t in it. Nor were the Architects going to do that; they were civilized people.
Exceptionally civilized. They were like people from Earth, who did not kill, did not contemplate fighting for their lives. It was refreshing to Luan, although he realized they could still be petty, vindictive, and evil. Just in a different way.
They could also be good, intelligent, and kind, and he thanked them for that.
“We respect the institution of City Runners; much like Tallguard, Mister Luan. You have put us in a difficult place, but perhaps we can help each other? Paeth has long been sufficient without Tallfolk, your people, about, but perhaps an exception can be made?”
Citivican Loust smiled at Luan. Ekrn muttered under his breath.
“And that’s how a settlement ends.”
Anyways, the long and short was that Luan was a guest and he got to tour more of Paeth for the last hour they had. Noa did that; Ekrn had stomped off to send a message to their Skywatcher, the Tallguard leader of the Feiland.
“You see, Feiland’s an outpost where we train. A fortress; we go to other settlements. That prevents one from being biased. We divide up, and they all give us what we need. Artifacts, see?”
