Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 14
Hot. The Minotaur’s fur stood out with sweat. His voice was a bellow, as if you had given a bull words. It shook as he addressed the Antinium.
Not in the throes of madness, though. There was something grave about the way he addressed them, as they stomped their feet, helmets raised, peeking out at him from behind their shields.
No mindless berserker. No raging bull-man. He spoke to them like a warrior.
“Antinium of the Free Hive! When a warrior of the House of Minos is judged worthy, in character, in might of arms, they are given leave to depart our shores. It is not just strength or the ability to kill that marks a true warrior.”
He walked down their lines. A bolt of lightning flashed across the ground, and every piece of him lit up. The [Minotaur] staggered. Turned his head.
Snorted. And went on.
“Those are the Beriad. It means, to our people, in our tongue—away. Away from home. They will fight and die from our shores. But they are of our home, and they will never forget.”
He aimed his axe at the Antinium as their stomping slowed.
“You are Beriad! You have left your Hive! If you die on these soils, or wherever you fall—you are true warriors. You are the Beriad of the Free Antinium. Give them no reprieve. Fear no end. You will not find your equals ahead of you. They stand at your backs. Now—”
He turned and aimed his axe ahead.
“For the honor of Hammerad and Liscor! Charge!”
The Minotaur’s feet churned the ground as he took off. Again, he lit up as a bolt of lightning struck him. A howling [Battle Mage] threw fire, engulfing the Minotaur, and the [Archers] focused on him as if he were magnetic. Bring him down! Bring him—
A howling Minotaur, mouth opened like a crimson red furnace, pounded towards the Alliance’s front. Behind him came the Antinium. Vess’ claw shook on his wand.
He wouldn’t die. He saw the first [Soldiers] begin to break and run. Too late. Too late.
The axe came down like the slowest bolt of lightning in the world and shook the earth.
 
——
 
When they took the Antinium prisoner, Big Yam was close to breaking themselves.
The Painted Antinium had entered the war. Painted Antinium. Who spoke. Who used Skills! Who—
Died.
Manus had gone through their ranks like a hot poker through a block of butter. Vess thought he’d seen that [Spearmaster] fight before, but it was nothing compared to the whirlwind the Gnoll turned into.
And the spells! Something was in the skies! [Mages]? Maybe…he saw Tier 4 spells hitting the ground. Tier 5 spells tearing the Antinium apart.
“Thank the Ancestors.”
Velden whispered. Big Yam looked up and saw Liscor fall back in disarray. Thank the Ancestors indeed. When Vess saw that, he thought they could win.
And he also wondered why Manus didn’t fight harder. Why those ‘[Mercenaries]’ didn’t fight every battle.
Vess didn’t know. His squad picked through the battlefield, taking some Liscor [Soldiers] captive.
No Antinium. No one even bothered; they never surrendered. You had to kill them dead. Instead, Big Yam occupied themselves with a grisly task they had fought for:
Looting the dead for weapons and gear.
Not just for themselves. Vess had pocketed a dagger with a jewel on it and tried to fence it with the [Quartermaster]. He’d gotten fifteen lashes for that, so Velden had helped him send it home with some ‘gifts’ to his family. It was good coin.
And an enchanted blade or weapon could save you. So even the Antinium were fair game, though you’d only get a steel weapon—that was still better than most could afford outside the army.
