Interlude – The Revenant and the Naga
Page 21
Sun rose the next morning. The Emir Darsul waited to hear the wail from Yazdil’s palace, the myth of how he had been robbed blind. He heard no such things. And he found the Djinni in the same room which he had bound her to her task, her back to him.
“Is the Emir Yazdil without coin or treasure?”
The Emir Darsul demanded. The Djinni shook her head.
“He is not, master. Nor was I able to do battle in his palace, or destroy his artifacts.”
The Emir was furious.
“I gave you orders, servant! How can you disobey?”
For it was curious and frightening. Djinni could not disobey direct orders. If they could, they would surely slay their masters and escape. But all those imprisoned were totally subservient.
What had the Emir done? For answer, the Djinni turned.
“I searched all night, master, but could not find the Emir’s palace. I return to you in failure.”
And the Emir Darsul saw she wore a blindfold on her face. A magical one, that could not be removed or broken despite his servants trying all. He demanded to know how it had come to her.
“I put it on, master.”
Then, the Emir Darsul knew he had been defeated in the night, and the Emir Yazdil had ensured the mighty spirit could not fulfill her task. He had somehow suborned Darsul’s great weapon against him!
The Emir’s wrath knew no end and he punished the spirit until he fell to worrying. It was said that no matter how much the Djinni screamed, she still smiled afterwards, and the Emir Darsul retreated to his inner sanctums before long, fearing the worst. He armed every trap, put every hired [Guard] and [Mercenary] on high alert and opened his treasuries and armed himself with the best artifacts he had, and commanded the blind Djinni to defend him to the death.
In this, he was somewhat wise, but he had still erred in his misguided attempt to kill the Emir Yazdil.
 
—-
 
On the last day in the week, Fetohep of Khelt just thought about history. He read a [Message] he had hand-transcribed and thought.
In the past, Khelt had ruled more than this land. It had been empire. Its legions had even assailed other nations and it had possessed more than one Revenant. Eternal, renewable armies without fear or need of rest.
Yet Khelt had eventually collapsed, as empires did. It had barely survived the retaliation that had come, and thereafter never expanded this small amount of land.
These were the lessons of old. And Fetohep had been content to make his entire existence one of benign continuance. His people would live and die without doing much, and was that not well?
They were happy. That was what it meant to rule.
Still. Were they a great people? One to be proud of? The question bothered Fetohep, for surely it did not matter. He belonged to them.
Chained to your throne. His eyes flashed in the dark room.
“Great Fetohep of Khelt. Your kingdom remains a polished gemstone among Chandrar’s sands, built upon great deeds and foresight. I have admired your rule, and that of Khelt’s since I was a boy, and write to you now in hopes that you will heed my message. For we share common cause.”
The ruler intoned slowly. It was a brief [Message]. One with both dignity and brevity, and no sender nor point of origin. Fetohep read on.
“I have revealed the secrets of undeath, and walked far down my path. Now, I have learned a great truth of creation. One that I would share with Khelt, if we could find common ground. My admiration for you, Wise Fetohep, knows few bounds, but we have never met, only conversed from afar once before. I write to you in confidence, hoping you will repay my trust. If we could be allies: perhaps.”
