Interlude – Dancing and Brawling
Page 2
“Thank you, Noass. I believe we have an event shaping up in—Terandria? Yes, some kind of [Knight] order. Challenging…a [Lord]? Well, we’ll cut to that while we try and find another [Mage] willing to broadcast the events.”
With that, the scrying orb went dark. There was a sigh from the Mage’s Guild, and the audience watching the orb—one of many across the world—relaxed and began to chatter a bit.
Ryoka Griffin ate a popcorn kernel. It was unpopped, but she liked eating the kernels as well as the popped ones. It was a habit.
“Odds are one to eighty-six that Belchan survives the war. If they make it past a week, anyone with a gold coin bet walks away rich.”
Fierre murmured from the side. She and Ryoka were watching from a bench in Reizmelt’s Mage’s Guild. There were few scrying orbs in the city, and one of them was being used to display Wistram’s broadcast. Everyone who could be here, was. More were peering through the windows, in fact, but Fierre had gotten Ryoka in on a bench. She had connections.
“Pass me some popcorn?”
Ryoka did. Fierre munched as the two waited for something to happen. Ryoka glanced sideways at Fierre.
“Did Alber and Madain not want to come?”
“Nope. He’s practicing your weird punches. And Madain doesn’t like crowds. Plus, no one’s allowed to drink in here.”
“Huh. Well, there are kids.”
Ryoka glanced around. The Mage’s Guild did indeed have kids, and Ryoka wasn’t sure if letting them see people literally being killed was…well, good. But this was a reality here, and she wasn’t going to argue with the parents.
In fact…Ryoka was a bit perplexed that the two kids sitting on her bench hadn’t tried to get any popcorn. They were staring at the blank scrying orb, but even when she offered her pail over, they barely looked at it.
The people in the room were silent, in fact, apart from a low murmur. And when the broadcast began, it would be dead silence. People went outside to sneeze. They had a reverence for the televised broadcast that people from Earth had forgotten.
So, the Mage’s Guild was quiet, but for the occasional crunch as Ryoka waited for more to watch. She and Fierre were there. Eating popcorn. And yes, Ryoka had made it herself, after asking Madain for permission to use his kitchen.
She wasn’t bringing it to this world, and she wasn’t making a stink about it. It was just popcorn and butter and salt, alright? With an optional bowl of delicious, meltable parmesan flakes for taste. If you wanted it.
Besides, Erin had already brought popcorn to this world. Although she ate it with—the City runner had to shudder—nutritional yeast on top. Who did that?
Anyways, Ryoka could still cast normal magic spells, and she could warm up the popcorn whenever she pleased. She stared as the two Drakes reappeared.
“Sorry, everyone. A minor technical issue—we’ll try not to cut the broadcast again! We’re back, and we have what I understand to be a challenge to the ah, infamous [Lord] Belchaus Meron, who is known of course, as the most eligible bachelor, and best [Lord] in the world as ranked by Sir Krsysl Wordsmith. Of course, that list has been disputed, but the Lord of the Dance as he’s known is a Terandrian force, and his navy has defeated—what’s that, Sir Relz?”
“I believe, Noass, this isn’t a challenge per se as we understand it. Um, this appears to be some sort of traditional…competition? By the Order of Savellia.”
“Ah one of Terandria’s ubiquitous [Knight] orders. We er, saw a few orders yesterday, Sir Relz…”
Noass had a slightly supercilious tone as he spoke. In the Mage’s Guild, Fierre snorted. She elbowed Ryoka.
