Interlude – Death and Stitches
Page 20
Toren shifted uncomfortably. He tried to separate the Drake trying to punch Venitra out, and a bunch of Drakes blocked him. Some were ready for a fight, and Toren didn’t draw his sword. He held his arms up, wishing he had a voice.
You idiots, I’m trying to save you from…
Nerrhavia’s smile was calm as the Drake fanned herself. Some of the people on the street were looking nervous—she looked like a rich foreigner, and she was watching the fight. Oom slowly rose, unharmed, as Bea patted him anxiously.
“Oom, are you alright?”
Toren wished he had eyes to roll. Oom was a slime. But he seemed more concerned about her, and Healing Slime vibrated angrily in Toren’s bosom. The two Chosen retreated behind Nerrhavia as new voices emerged from the crowd.
“Hey, break it up! Break it up—”
A group of Drakes came pushing forwards, and one yanked the young man who was staring at his swollen knuckles back. They had clearly seen the fighting, but whether or not they’d stopped it because they’d just seen it or because Nerrhavia was here—it was hard to say.
“You idiot. What are you doing? What are you—”
Someone was arguing with the younger Drake with the bruised fists, and it seemed like he was in danger of being punched himself. Nerrhavia strode forward.
“Are you this young man’s father? He has attacked and injured my ward, who, I am assured, did nothing to provoke the attack. Perhaps she did not move out of the way for him, but that was all.”
The Drake turned, and Toren saw him put up his claws. He wore a leatherworker’s vest, and he spoke quickly.
“Miss, the Watch is coming, and they will sort this out. My son is a fool, but please don’t tell your guards to do anything. We don’t want trouble in our city. Nothing like Cellidel.”
He clearly meant Toren, and the other Drakes seemed to think Toren was some adventurer or higher-level bodyguard. They were watching him as if ready to take him out if there were a fight. Nerrhavia rolled her eyes.
“Trouble? Your son provoked a fight with my follower.”
“She’s barely injured. I can’t even see a mark.”
The Drake tried to point to Venitra, who was in fact glaring so hard that the Gnoll—and Chosen—seemed ready to kill the Drake. Nerrhavia’s tone was icy. She stared at the man in the eye.
“I suppose that makes it better, then. So long as we beat every child or victim without a mark, there would never be a need for the Watch. What is your name?”
“Listen, Miss, the Watch is—”
“What is your name?”
“—Leatherworker Joerss.”
Nerrhavia was speaking over the other Drakes trying to justify or talk, and somehow, her voice was louder. She was staring the older Drake in the eyes, and she shifted to the younger one as he looked ready to speak. His open mouth shut.
“Are you going to take responsibility for this, Mister Joerss?”
“My son starting a fight? We’ll go to the Watch, and if they find nothing caused the fight—”
“Are you going to take responsibility, Mister Joerss?”
Now, the Drakes, at least near Nerrhavia, seemed to sense that something was wrong. They fell silent and began looking at Nerrhavia. Joerss hesitated, and he looked at his son, then Nerrhavia. He ducked his head slowly.
“…Yes, Miss, if there’s some fine, I will pay it. Rest assured.”
“No. No. No.”
She folded her fan and poked him in the chest with it. Now, Nerrhavia was so close that her puppet was eye-to-eye with the Drake. She peered at him.
“I am not talking about coins. Damn the coins. I am asking whether you are going to take responsibility for what that Drake did. Completely. Without reservation or regret. Answer me.”
“Miss, the Watch—”
