Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 27
“As you understand it. He is next in line for the throne. Excluding our King’s son—this would be her younger brother. As honorable as she is. And nearly as mighty. Er—he’s not the one I beat to take the Professor’s classes. Don’t tell him I bragged about that. And be respectful.”
He was older, gray mixed into his mane and fur. But as big as Venaz. He roared a greeting.
“Venaz of Hammerad! In the name of the House of Minos, I welcome you home!”
“Prince Khedal! The honor is ours! Your timing was most fortuitous!”
The two Minotaurs strode up the gangplanks as the ships docked. Khedal was a unit of a Minotaur, even as they reckoned such things. He and Venaz struck each other on the shoulders and grabbed each other’s forearms as they locked horns.
And he had a presence, like that of the [General] of Pheislant. A high-level person. He turned to Wil as Venaz began to introduce the crew.
“Ah, Lord Kallinad. I have seen your story unfolding. It is the privilege of the House of Minos to aid you, as well as one of our own.”
He inclined his head. And he was suddenly, incredibly formal. He gave Wil a bow—a Terandrian courtier’s bow. It was impressively done. Wil found himself fumbling his reply.
“The honor was ah, mine, Prince Khedal. Your warship was timely. And the aid of your Que—your King was impressive.”
Khedal was nodding. His horns were actually gilded with silver—and his armor was as ornamental as functional. Wil saw dozens of Minotaur [Sailors] hard at work; the [Storm Sailors] eyed them nervously.
“The King of Minos directed our ship to your defense as soon as she saw you were inbound. That she provided the honor of her Skill was unasked for.”
“I shall surely thank her. And if my companions and I are worthy of it—we would be honored twice by an audience.”
Venaz was nodding. Khedal studied Merrik, Peki, and the others. The Garuda whispered.
“Strong Sea Cow.”
The Prince’s eyes narrowed. But then he was nodding.
“Few are worthy, but she would wish it. And of course, we shall bring your ship to harbor. Come—have you replacement sails? If not, my [Oarsmen] will bring you to shore. It is not far.”
He turned to Captain Lasc. The [Storm Captain] saluted.
“Our sails are going up as we speak. It is an honor…Prince Khedal?”
“Yes, it is. We were prepared to fight to the death in your defense. I do not know if it would have been fitting for those not of House Minos, or even one son. But our King is far wiser and more honorable than I.”
The Minotaur Prince nodded slightly. Lasc blinked. So did Wil. Khedal was somehow more uptight and arrogant than Venaz. Wil saw where he got it from if it was a cultural thing. However—he was also commanding.
“Let us return to harbor before we speak more, Venaz of Hammerad. You have been gone too long. No doubt you will be feasted in the Thronehall of Minos. You must tell of us of your accomplishments. We have witnessed some, such as Daquin.”
“Yes. I have failed as much as triumphed. But I hope to speak of the accomplishments of my companions as well.”
Venaz hung his head as Khedal nodded. Wil felt his knees going weak.
Safety. He looked at Yerra and saw her and Feshi staring into the distance. Perhaps they were just shadows, but the Archipelago of the House of Minos awaited. A mysterious place. Wil looked back at the casket.
And saw something on the horizon. The [Lord] stared.
“Venaz. Prince Khedal.”
The two Minotaurs turned. Wil pointed silently. Prince Khedal looked over his shoulder and frowned.
“Spyglass.”
One was placed into his hands. The Minotaur sighted. Then he looked up abruptly.
