Interlude – Niers
Page 6
Niers smiled, for a moment becoming a proud teacher.
“Really? What did they say? I’d be interested in knowing who—and how good their analysis is.”
“Mm. It was the Lizardgirl. Nervous.”
“Umina?”
“Mm.”
“Good child. What did she say?”
Foliana tilted her head side to side as she thought.
“Goblin Lord’s on the run. Lost a big battle. Apparently the Human [Lord] is very good. At…fighting? Leading? Strategy?”
The Fraerling snorted. Trust Foliana not to remember nuance. He’d go ask Umina about her thoughts later. Make her paranoid about what he knew that she knew.
“With Elia Arcsinger demoralizing the Goblins and an army larger than theirs at his back? He’d better win every battle. That’s not skill, Foliana. That’s just good preparation. Mind you, he hasn’t engaged them yet. He’s running them away from their fortress. And that’s curious because I know the man.”
“During the Second Antinium War?”
“Yes. I met him briefly—he was younger—but I’ve been to a few gatherings. Always on Izril. He never travels. And I know reports of the man.”
“Does he like Damcli Noodles?”
Niers looked up.
“No. And I don’t think he has a favorite food. I didn’t care for him. He’s everything I don’t like about Humans. Well, about every species that has men like that, really. But he is a good leader. He can choose when to fight and he hasn’t engaged yet. There are a few reasons why that could be.”
Niers studied the map. He traced the speculative arrows he’d drawn leading away from the mountain and eyed the nearby cities. Invrisil, a section of the map he’d planted a big flag next to and written ‘Emperor?’ on in huge letters. Then he snapped his fingers and grinned.
“Ah. I see what he might be doing.”
“Fast. Sure?”
Foliana spoke around a mouthful of noodles. Niers nodded.
“It’s a good strategy. If it’s what I think he’s doing. I’d say it’s clever, too. It might work. And if it does…well, we might get some work in Izril if things go really poorly. Or well. Otherwise, we won’t be bothered. I doubt his enemies will notice it before it’s too late.”
“But you did. In seventeen seconds. Why?”
The Titan sighed.
“Because everyone’s an idiot? Or because I’ve seen this before. A variation, anyways. I keep telling my students that part of good strategy is just experience. Everyone tries the same little tricks without realizing they’re doing the exact same things over and over again. Depressing, really. And people wonder why I drink.”
“Because you’re an alcoholic?”
The Fraerling raised a finger.
“If the world was filled with an unlimited supply of any alcohol you wanted for a few silver coins, what would you do? There’s a reason why most Fraerlings who visit the city develop bad habits. You big people make things far too cheap for us.”
“Okay. What’s Veltras’s plan?”
Niers hesitated. He stroked his chin and wavered.
“I have a theory. But I’d rather not share it. Hold on. Let me write this down.”
He searched around and came back with a quill and ink. Foliana watched him scribble on a piece of paper, writing large so she could see it. Then Niers bent down and folded the paper. He handed it up to Foliana.
“You can open that in, oh, ten day’s time or so. And if I’m right…hey, stop that!”
Foliana was already opening the paper. She ignored Niers throwing his ink pot at her and read. She nodded, her tail moving a bit with interest.
“Hmm. Oh, makes sense. Hmm. Obvious when you think about it. This is good.”
“It was supposed to be a secret! I could be wrong, you know!”
Niers fumed. Foliana shrugged.
“Don’t think so. Sounds right.”
