Interlude – Mundanity and Memorials
Page 3
“No, no makeup—we’re going in. No one kill any Snow Golems if you can…who’s coming in? Adventurer Jewel?”
“On bodyguard duty. And excavation work for Miss Solstice. I’m Captain Jewel of Glitterblade—”
The Human woman was trying to get some camera-time, but Drassi stared at the closed door. Erin had shut it, yet some cold air was leaking around the frozen handle.
Stone. The door had changed. It now looked out of place. It would have fit…somewhere else. A frozen fortress. Perhaps a door set into the side of a keep, and it was larger. Fit for a [General]. Drassi’s words were quieter now, and a Gnoll backed up as she turned to the camera.
“I—to give you all some clarity, I believe we are about to enter the [Garden of Sanctuary]. A legacy Skill inherited from person to person. This is not Erin—the [Innkeeper]’s. She has apparently gained access to an older garden. This was the domain of the leader of the Iron Vanguard over seven thousand years ago. Before the Creler wars, Dolost the Adamantine was said to have this Skill.”
A visible shiver ran down Drassi’s scales. She breathed out.
“They called that age the Wars of Complacency—before the Crelers emerged, Rhir was left mostly barren. There were no Demons. [Archmages] were common, and if my research is right—so were even Dragons, although the times of Dragon-empires were long gone. Think on that. The Iron Vanguard was there. And their leader wore Adamantium armor—he had this Skill. We cannot confirm this is the very same garden, but the stone and design matches that of Invictel, the capital of the Iron Vanguard. We may be walking a place untouched for seven thousand years.”
Her voice trembled, and her eyes were locked on her audience. That was magic. And—whether Erin liked it or not, that was the value of The Wandering Inn.
It was so gripping that no one was speaking. Even people in Liscor were watching the scrying orb—or hurrying to crowd the inn. The Dullahan audiences were just as rapt. Maughin had abandoned his love—the block of Adamantium he was trying to learn to forge—although he’d taken his other love, Jelaqua, to join the crowds in the inn.
However, even though he could have been there—even though he had every right, and more than most—one person watching the scrying orb was not fighting to get a peek.
He had no doubt it was magical. He wanted to see it all.
But Garry the [Baker]-[Chef] had a stall to run. And Garry’s Antinium Edibles was open every day of the week. Count on it.
His audience wasn’t purchasing his goods. They were all staring at the scrying orb. None of them could afford one, Garry guessed. He based this on the fact that they were here for his deals on bread—and they were regulars.
And that half were children. Children were not fiscally wealthy in his observations. Except for Mrsha.
But they were not children like Mrsha. So as he watched and listened, Garry got their orders ready.
“Look at the door. She’s opening it! Look at the snow! It’s at that inn. The one that kills people.”
The children were whispering. Garry interrupted them gently as he pushed a loaf of bread over the counter.
“It does not kill people directly. Here you are, Hisnis. One loaf of bread. I have included a new idea this time.”
One of the Drakes might have been fourteen. He was at that stage where they shot up, or so Garry had been told, but he was shorter, yet to really climb.
He was also not going to purchase anything like Garry’s scrying orb any time soon. Which was why he often came to watch. He had on cheap hide clothing.
