Interlude – Conversations
Page 19
Liscor had changed. Pawn looked back and saw Gnolls and Drakes playing baseball in the pitch just outside the wall. But more than that, the new quarter was rising ever higher. The temporary dirt walls? Turned to stone in many places.
Hexel was constantly redesigning the city, and the new quarter already was being called ‘Human Liscor’ because of how many Humans had moved to the cheap buildings. There were…conflicts. Ironically, they took some of the heat off Antinium.
Pawn walked up the hill. A Gnoll sweeping out the front turned to look at him. He raised a paw, and Pawn waved back.
“Moore must have left with Ulinde and Jelaqua for Pallass.”
That was all Seborn said, as the Workers and Soldiers stopped there, to look at the inn and tower and…take it all in. Pawn nodded.
“Do you see anything, Seborn?”
The Drowned Man put his hands on his pockets.
“No. Not yet.”
“Then perhaps you are looking for something else. If you wish to watch…we are going to visit her.”
Seborn hesitated. Then nodded. He followed Pawn inside. On the way, they met two people, the last few people who stayed at the inn, coming out.
 
——
 
“Are you drunk?”
“No…”
“Get ahold of yourself, Montressa.”
The [Aegiscaster] stumbled after Bezale. She was vaguely aware of the Antinium walking past her.
“I’m not drunk. I’m hungover.”
“Wonderful.”
The Minotauress grunted. But she didn’t lambast Montressa that long. She understood, she really did. And yet…
“We’re a duo, Montressa. Bezale and Montressa. Secrets, services—not Bezale and this Human who our clients have never seen, only heard me speak of.”
Montressa du Valeross hung her head.
“You should kick me out of the partnership. I deserve it.”
“And watch you fall deeper into your cups? Come on. Shores of Mawei! Do I have to buy you a robe that cleans itself?”
“Hey. I’m not Pisces.”
Montressa brushed at her robes guiltily. But it was true. She was a wreck and she’d fallen further. Bezale? Bezale was doing great. The Scriptels had forgiven her, and she was their representative in Invrisil. But Montressa wasn’t part of Wistram.
She was making money. Their business was going well—all thanks to Bezale. Montressa drank her profits. And unlike Ceria and Pisces, she hadn’t bounced back.
No, it had taken them years. Her family wanted her home, especially in light of the war, and they wanted explanations. Montressa didn’t want to go. She was still trying to communicate with Ceria, but the half-Elf had fallen off the radar. She was watching the Ksmvr documentaries, trying to get word of Pisces, pleading with Nerrhavia’s stubborn judicial system from afar—
And mostly being useless. Every day was the same. Bezale dragged her out of bed and Montressa said the same thing.
“I’m going to get out of this, Bezale. I’m going to start learning magic again. By myself. I still have spellbooks. I’ll…I’ll do that. I’ll make a career here.”
By the end of the day, or week, she was saying the exact same thing again after Ishkr found her face-down in a corner of the inn.
Not all of Liscor had changed for the better. Bezale was dragging Montressa forwards.
“Hurry. Or we’ll completely miss the Invrisil gateway. And we cannot miss this appointment!”
She strode ahead of Montressa. The [Aegiscaster] felt distinctly nauseous and felt around for a hangover cure.
“One second. I’m right behind you.”
