Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 33
Lasica was sitting at the bar as Rufelt did some side-bartending just to keep his paw in. They’d been watching the courtship of Erin and the [Chef] was talking to Garry.
“Was the cake not enough?”
The [Chef] was consulting Lasica and the Drake had to own—she was not at home with Antinium, but a fellow [Chef] was a fellow [Chef]. And she respected both Imani and Garry’s efforts and creativity. Not Erin’s.
“I’m sorry, but you never had a chance. Maybe in the future…but the Earl’s lost.”
“How so? He appears to be ahead.”
“Ahead. What is this, a game?”
Lasica snorted. She shook her head.
“He had one chance. He did well. But he had to sweep her away. He managed to impress Erin. But he didn’t manage it. Now everything with a pulse is after her.”
She gestured at Dawil, Numbtongue, Olesm…Garry looked at Altestiel, other Drakes, Gnolls, Humans who wanted to try their hand.
He didn’t get it. Lasica clarified.
“They’re like damn ants swarming ov—er…bees around honey. And Erin’s the honey. Does that make sense?”
Apista flipped up her stinger, offended. Rufelt chased the bee away from his drinks and his wife. Garry’s mandibles opened.
“Oh, I see. We are getting in each other’s way?”
Belgrade and Pawn, his wing-ants, nodded, taking notes. Lasica sighed long and loud.
“Not just that. How do you think the honey feels? Er…Erin? Making a grand show, giving her gifts—Dawil had better not sing that song. Or that Gnoll.”
She glowered, pointing two serenades out. Garry tilted his head.
“Why?”
“Do you think it’s always pleasant to be fought over? For that matter—there are too many people watching and trying to get her to choose.”
“Why is that bad? Erin should make her choice, should she not? That will relieve the pressure.”
Belgrade raised a hand. He flinched as Lasica glowered at him. The Drake adjusted the intensity of her glower.
“Why does she have to choose because you all want her to? Boys!”
She sighed. That was only one argument though. The truth was…Lasica cast about. And pointed once more towards something in the inn.
“The truth is though…not all of you are a good match. I can see him with Erin more than most of you.”
Garry deflated as he saw who Lasica meant.
Kevin. He paused, a Mrsha-crepe in his mouth as everyone stared at him. The worst part was—it did make sense. Kevin had a bit of Erin-energy.
“I must withdraw my suit, then. Do I leave the cake?”
Lasica looked at Garry and shook her head.
“Why do you want to court Erin anyways? Do you think she’d leave you for the Earl? Really? He’d have to drag an entire Antinium Hive over the water and I’d love to see that. He never really had a chance.”
“I was afraid.”
Garry mumbled. Lasica shook her head.
“Do you think Erin Solstice is petty enough to just leave you?”
“Now, now, dear. You’re being too harsh.”
Rufelt admonished Lasica. But it made Garry feel better. He decided he would stop courting Erin. Besides—he’d heard about sex from Pawn and it seemed so inconvenient.
Then the door opened and Erin Solstice stormed into the inn. Dawil whirled.
“Ylawes! Falene, enchant my voice! Erin Solstice, by beard’s oil and combed curl—”
Half a dozen suitors rushed forwards, with hastily-assembled gifts. The [Innkeeper] saw the mob. She blinked.
“Enough.”
She walked through them. Garry saw the people slow as they tried to crowd in front of them. As if suddenly weighed down.
The jovial, carnival-air of the inn faded. Altestiel’s head snapped around. Olesm stopped fidgeting and reached for a [Message] scroll on his side.
Lyonette felt it too.
“Erin? Is something wrong?”
