Interlude – Songs and Stories
Page 37
“With his pride, he died alone. He left only his sword. His last Skill. And the burden of legacy on Prince Zenol Isphel. The lion who leaps. He did not die at the Village of the Dead. For he was taught, by Antinium no less, that the lion never fights alone.”
Barelle finished the high chant. There was a moment of silence as the last magic finished humming in the air, then applause. Zenol bowed slightly as people looked at him. He had a [Prince]’s air; many couldn’t have borne an entire story about them, but Zenol kept his head high.
An [Innkeeper] would have fled. But each to their own and Barelle…his eyes lingered on Zenol as he addressed Cognita, more quietly.
“Where will fate take him next? For the bonds of adventurers he returns to his kingdom. I do not know where the story ends, but I shall watch and see whether son steps out of the shadow of father.”
“You are fascinated by such things.”
“It is worth living dangerously to find out how each story ends. And they should end right. Gloriously, tragically—but right. So they call me the Meddling Storyteller.”
Barelle chuckled self-consciously. Cognita nodded. She took some things from the story. Little sympathy for Zenol. An appreciation of who she was. But perhaps…she looked at Barelle.
“I have never known much music. My master never cared for it to the degree of others.”
“Oh? That is interesting. Did he have no desire for it?”
“He simply never truly cared for music as made by mortal hands. And Golems play music poorly. They do not create. Perhaps, though…you will show me how to play a harp before we land. If one can be made for my hands.”
Cognita saw her fingers change shape. Barelle’s eyebrows rose and his eyes lit up with curiosity.
“Ah. There is a tale here. I am glad I travelled. To Chandrar, then, Cognita. Adventurers await. If only I could be everywhere and live longer. But such beings do not exist. Even Djinni are limited.”
He smiled. Cognita almost did too.
“There is a word for that, Barelle.”
“Really? Forgive an old [Bard], but I have never known it.”
The Truestone Golem’s eyes glittered.
“I would speak it. If you could survive it. There are words that Golems know that even [Bards] lack. Someday, Barelle. When you are a truly great [Bard], seek me out. I hope you will accomplish it before the end of your life.”
The man’s eyebrows rose. He looked at Cognita. She smiled as she set the flames of his curiosity higher.
It might be an interesting trip after all.
 
——
 
Music rang through the tunnels of the Antinium just once. It was quashed in a moment. The frightened little Worker hid in a corner and Anand had to carry him away with Goat and the others.
He had never heard the Armored Queen, who seemed nicest of all the Queens, even the Free Queen, scream like that. But the terrified little Worker, Pie Piper, had begun to play music and she had heard it and…
It distressed him so much he had to talk to Klbkch during their daily debriefing. That was what Klbkch referred to it as. Anand scurried up to the Antinium, reconnecting nerves and muscle. It was a long, painful process, being rebuilt.
However, Anand had to admit that Klbkch looked more dangerous. He was able to talk, and often discussed the building of ships, which was progressing now that they had a guide, albeit a terrified one.
But that was ongoing and neither here nor there. It was over there, in the underground lake. Today was about music. Klbkch had, of course, heard of the incident.
“Music will be forbidden in the Hives.”
“But why, Revalantor Klbkch? Bird sings to the Free Queen.”
“…He does?”
Anand hesitated.
“No?”
