Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 23
“Erin, Ryoka, Kevin, Rose—they can go. With teams of adventurers guarding them. Mrsha—”
“What if we introduced her to Chieftains of tribes I know would listen, first? And you would be there—we would have at least twenty, fifty tribes guaranteeing her protection before we brought it to all tribes in person.”
Exasperated, Krshia snapped her knee with a paw.
“She must be there, Lyonette! Gnolls are a literal people. To prove she is a child, not one carrying malice and ill-luck, they must see her! And they will, I am sure of it.”
She eyed Lyonette.
“You were more receptive to this before, Lyonette. You gave me assurances.”
“That was before…this is too sudden.”
Krshia snorted out her nose.
“The Meeting of Tribes has been underway. You have known I wanted to take Mrsha. You wish another reason? Fine…at the Meeting of Tribes, the Silverfang’s [Shaman] will certainly formally let you adopt Mrsha as your child.”
Lyonette spluttered.
“She is my child!”
“I am aware. Peace. But this would make it official, especially in the eyes of all Gnoll tribes.”
“Why? Her family is dead! I took her in, cared for her—”
Lyonette was furious. But then she saw the flicker in Krshia’s gaze.
“What?”
The Gnoll turned her head.
“Nothing.”
“Krshia Silverfang. What do you know? Mrsha’s family is dead. Her parents were…[Miners]? Hunters? The entire Stone Spears tribe was wiped out. I know all the adults died, even if the children…”
The Gnoll wasn’t meeting Lyonette’s gaze. But she’d let too much slip.
“…It was not easy to find out. But other Gnolls who knew the Stone Spears tribe told me that when Mrsha was born, her…parents disowned her when they found out she did not speak. They wanted to abandon her. For their unworthiness, Urksh, the Chieftain of the Stone Spears tribe, exiled both and took Mrsha into the tribe to raise. They were gone long before the Goblin Lord’s army.”
Lyonette looked around for Mrsha. But the door was closed. She relaxed. Again—without looking for the right listeners. Numbtongue crawled up the side of the hill. Reiss stared at him and sat, invisible, right next to them.
“That—is just another reason for Mrsha not to go, then. Too much danger. And the Raskghar. Yes! I know you’ll bring them, won’t you?”
“In my group. Which is not the one Mrsha will be part of.”
Lyonette was shaking her head.
“No. No. Not within a hundred miles of those things. Not even if you need her to convince the tribes. Do it with words! Do it without her! I’ll find another Gnoll [Shaman] if I want to do your ceremony. And I don’t need to! She is my daughter. And no rites will change that!”
She turned and faced Krshia defiantly. The Silverfang Gnoll exhaled slowly.
“Lyonette du Marquin. You claim her as your daughter. But, I think, you are not thinking of Mrsha’s future.”
“How dare you—”
“Someday, she will grow and want to know her kind. If she is a Doombringer forever—and I have never heard of any regaining their color—she will have to live in fear, hide her nature. The Meeting of Tribes will not come again for decades. I love Mrsha. I want to change our traditions for her.”
The two looked at each other. Lyonette’s arms were folded, Krshia’s brows were set. She sniffed the air—then set down her cup.
“If you will not listen, perhaps Mrsha herself should decide. With all these factors in play—does she have no will?”
“She’s a child. Don’t you dare tell her!”
“By the Silverfang tribe. I will not.”
 
—-
 
