Interlude – The Pets of Innworld
Page 2
Never let it be said that Othius IV, the Blighted King, was a foolish ruler when it came to statecraft. He knew how to make his visitors feel honored. Within the next few days, as the transports were speedily unloaded, cargo efficiently catalogued and stored, there would be further celebrations, honoring each nation and species.
However, the key issue laying before General Vors of Fissival was this: he didn’t know how he was going to handle a Human ordering him about. Let alone his people serving with, well, non-Drakes.
Other Drakes were bad enough. There had been fights onboard. The [Magic General], recently graduated from Fissival’s small martial academy, knew all the long grudges between Walled Cities. There was a saying about Drakes fighting over dust at the end of the world—well, that was nothing compared to Humans, Gnolls, and Drakes in the same room.
He’d seen the Tribes had sent countless warriors of their own. They were occupying some of Zeres’ ships and Rhir’s sent to transport them. The Tribes didn’t even have a fleet of their own, by and large.
Vors didn’t think he was…prejudiced. He could certainly envision taking orders if they were the right ones, but would he get a commander who didn’t understand Drake tactics? Who didn’t value Fissival’s unique focus on magic and physical combat? He’d fought Gnolls of course, and other cities, and wondered if they’d hold a grudge or make assumptions.
The [Magic General] shifted. He’d been ushered off the ship with a tremendous amount of ceremony, which he appreciated. But while his [Soldiers] had been settled in with a kind of efficiency even the Manus-led ones admired, he’d been called here.
To a rather small, cramped room in some kind of military outpost, to talk to Rhir’s High Command.
“Amazing.”
Vors glanced around the room, noting how plain it was. Chipped walls? There was a bowl of nuts on the table and he swore he’d seen something moving in it.
“It just goes to show. All that glitter on the outside and they can’t even design a room large enough to swing your tail about in. Unless this is large for them?”
Dead gods, that would be a nightmare. What would his personal quarters look like? Also—was he expected to sit and smile with some Gnoll [Chieftain] or [Tribal Warrior]? Vors shuddered—then reminded himself he’d volunteered for this. His poor brother—and he was the commander of this Drake force!
He could work with a Gnoll. Hadn’t he thought it was a shame about them being butchered on Chandrar? Even if they were unpredictable and their tribes sometimes looted settlements?
Well. Vors had been waiting for nearly ten minutes, and he was losing his goodwill towards the hospitality of the Blighted King. None of the chairs were comfortable—or sized for people with tails!
“Damn Humans. I thought they got Drakes regularly.”
The floor was a bit dirty and if he had to wait another ten minutes, he was going to find the High Command and complain. Or complain to the Walled Cities about how their reinforcements were being treated. Was this what his predecessors from Fissival had had to face?
“Poor bastards.”
Vors murmured. He’d heard the [Charge Commander] talking and he knew they’d run straight into the Death of Magic on 5th Wall. He shuddered. Sat there, determined to make a first good impression.
Vors waited for twelve more minutes, and then lost his temper. He stood up.
“Excuse me! Has there been some kind of mistake?”
He opened the door, calling into the corridor for one of the aides who’d brought him here with no explanation. He found…no one.
