Interlude – A Night in the Inn
Page 7
Mrsha scowled and leapt off the table. She punched Pisces in the leg. He smiled and flicked his fingers. A cube of cut steak floated off his plate. Mrsha jumped with her mouth open and it swerved out of the way. She glowered at Pisces, and then gave him a grudging thumbs-up with one paw.
It was good to have him back. No one else in the inn dared stand up to her.
Erin giggled as she came back and saw Mrsha leaping about, trying to grab the bit of meat. Pisces was smiling and Ksmvr’s mandibles opened wide.
“What is that?”
“Dis? Dis is a calzone. You want?”
Erin proudly pointed at the abomination that was pizza folded over to create a pocket stuffed with goodies. Ksmvr nodded rapidly.
“It is very good-looking.”
“I’ll have one too, Erin. Not to share.”
The half-Elf waved a hand eagerly. Yvlon looked disgusted.
“Can I get a salad? And something—else?”
“Sure! We have a menu. Wait, I probably should have brought that, shouldn’t I? Here, Ksmvr…I’ll be back!”
Erin hurried into the kitchen as Mrsha poked her head over the table and stared at Ksmvr’s calzone. He put one hand over it, protectively.
“I do not know you, stranger. Begone.”
As Erin walked through her inn, she stopped for a second. She felt incredibly, almost deliriously happy to see her friends—and it hadn’t been that long ago! But—then Erin froze and her brow darkened. Her mind connected something Magnolia had said.
“Oh. Those eggs.”
She looked back at the Horns of Hammerad. And felt something dark in her chest. Magnolia Reinhart. She’d…beaten Erin. At her own game.
She’d been prepared. And Erin had not. She’d thought the Garden could save her friends. But the [Druid] had entered it—and Magnolia?
Erin had meant every word. ‘I hate you.’ Had she ever said that to someone else and meant it? Something black was in Erin’s chest, burning there like a memory.
Hatred. Helpless injustice, rage—oh yes, Erin could remember that. And it was rising in her, like some creeping dark force. Pure, unforgiving loathing—
Erin blinked at her hands. She expected to see black fire, but…there was no flame. Erin sighed, but was almost relieved. She rubbed her hands on her jeans; they were all sweaty. Some fire she didn’t need to see.
And as she passed by them, a group of young people stared at Erin’s back. Kevin whispered.
“That was a calzone. I know it is! And that’s Erin. I think. I don’t remember her, do you?”
“Just wait and see, Kevin. Don’t be an idiot. I think it’s her, but…this is her inn. Let’s just listen.”
Rose whispered back. Joseph was half-rising. He glared at Rose. Why wait? But then—a Gnoll hurried over.
“Sorry, everyone. My name is Ishkr. I will be serving you all for tonight. Do you have your menus? I will take your orders now.”
The Earthers stared up at the tall Gnoll. Then they looked at their menus. And they were hungry. Imani looked at the list of foods and her stomach rumbled from meals missed or cut in half due to their dwindling budget. Joseph felt at his side. He had the coin from selling his sword, after all.
“Um—sure.”
“C-can we get a pizza? No—three?”
Kevin almost begged the Gnoll. Ishkr nodded and wrote down their order. Rose was looking at the menu and salivating.
“Oh my g—is that a milkshake? I’ll have one.”
“And me.”
“And me! And some french fries! French fries, guys—”
The Earthers began ordering feverishly. Ishkr sighed as he wrote down the orders. And they actually cheered when the first pizza came towards them, already hot. It was only after they’d fought over the slices that Joseph raised his head and remembered something.
“Hey. Where did that Maviola person get to?”
 
