Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 10
Kiish was edging closer slowly, a frown on her face. Belgrade poked Olesm; the Drake was just listening. Palt hesitated in rolling up a cigar.
Wait a moment here.
Altestiel looked at Erin. She smiled faintly.
“…That’s really nice of you, Altestiel.”
What a perfect, airtight defense. Deliberate or not, no wonder they’d fallen. Better than a wall of pawns. Altestiel just smiled.
“You are a remarkable player, Erin Solstice. And it seems I must say it outright. Would you consent to me courting your affections, Miss Erin? However briefly I have—I’ve been rather taken with you.”
Erin placed the knight. She sat back, smiled at Altestiel. Then she rubbed at one ear.
“…Huh?”
Crash. Olesm had fallen out of his seat. Altestiel’s smile was like the moment he’d ordered the halberdiers into the flank and committed his entire line to holding off the enemy’s front, eight years ago.
“I would like to court you, Erin. With your permission.”
She froze in the act of tugging at an earlobe. The ambient conversation in the inn…slowly went silent.
What had he just said? Casual eavesdroppers, other people sensing the moment, looked up. Someone edged past the curtain and [Silence] spell and interrupted a play.
“Hey! Get over here and listen—”
Erin’s mind was blank. She opened and closed her mouth like a goldfish. Altestiel himself was somewhat taken aback.
Asking to court a [Lady] was common enough. Asking her directly? He’d thought it was a masterful act. But Erin’s stupefaction was either a Level 30 [Actor]’s Skill or genuine.
“Earl!”
Kiish broke the silence. Erin and Altestiel realized everyone was staring.
Numbtongue, Palt, Olesm, Belgrade, Lyonette, Ekirra and Mrsha on the stairs, Hexel by the door, Menolit, Kevin, Hedault, Selys—Pelt was drinking and laughing his butt off—looking.
Erin immediately turned crimson. Altestiel? He coolly raised a finger.
“Privacy, please? This is rather rude.”
Everyone immediately turned away. Then realized they’d turned away.
Erin started. The Earl’s aura felt like cool water, touching everyone but her. In this inn—it was the second-most powerful aura. She hesitated. But the question was…she stared at Altestiel.
“Are you serious?”
“I am indeed. I wouldn’t lie about something like this, Erin.”
She hesitated. He was in his early forties! He was—she stared at him.
“You’re really serious? But why?”
“Because I find you fascinating. I’m only asking to court you, Miss Solstice. And I believe I did have to ask. Nothing more. Would you consent to let me tender you my affections, however poorly?”
“N—why?”
The Earl didn’t look away, at Kiish, his other companions, all of whom really wanted to get a word in edgewise.
“Erin. You are one of the most unique people I’ve ever met, and in a positive way at that. You could charm a Creler, I believe.”
“No I can’t.”
He smiled, ignoring the comment. The Earl looked Erin up and down. He saw her, perhaps more clearly than most people.
“I could go on. But I would like you to believe, Erin Solstice, that there is something you possess that is deeply attractive. Would you at least let me explain why?”
She turned bright red. He’d said that with a straight face. In front of people! Numbtongue stared at Altestiel. The man was cool as—rainwater. As slick as a puddle. Or some rain-analogy.
Erin Solstice had no idea what to say. ‘No’ was her first instinct. But why? It was just…sudden.
Olesm expected Erin to say no. He waited with sheer confidence, willing to applaud Altestiel, but convinced it would be a no. He waited for it to come in a second.
Then five seconds.
Then twenty…
