Interlude – Conversations
Page 9
Tesy looked at Mrsha with quite a lot of concern and Vetn turned at the door. Cers was already racing into the Ekhtouch camp to play Triumphs, whatever that was, with the other children. Qwera glanced knowingly at Mrsha.
“Sometimes a girl has to think things over. With the fine company of a caring, sensitive soul.”
Tesy nodded.
“So—”
Qwera put him in a choke hold and dragged him off.
“A caring, sensitive soul. That Feshi or Chieftain Torishi will be over in a moment. You stay far away.”
Satar hesitated, but she had a job too, and Mrsha passed her a note thanking her for the repast and vouchsafing that she was merely taking her time to savor the melody of flavors.
She had that one pre-prepared, incidentally. She tended to give it to Lyonette when she had to eat salads, then tossed them out the window.
Lyonette. Erin. Mrsha sighed. She wasn’t sad. It was just…she thought of Mrell. No…no. But…
Life was never easy. Dead gods. Mrsha took a sip of her goat milk and sighed like the last drunk in a bar, leaning on the counter. She was left alone with a generous helping of breakfast cooling in the pot. Outside, Ekhtouch was starting their own day. Mrsha knew that Chieftain Torishi would soon be here to talk, and Feshi, and…Rose and Inkar, and more.
They all cared about Mrsha, and were invested in getting Lyonette here, or Mrsha to Lyonette, or Mrsha to home, or something. But Qwera was right. Mrsha had ‘parents’. She was going to have to do something. They just showed up out of nowhere and gave her a headache.
Mrsha was in her maudlin mood and content to sit in contemplative silence.
…Right up until a shadow passed by the door flap. Mrsha froze. A huge shape. A giant muzzle, like a Gnoll’s, but far larger. Gigantic muscles, yet unearthly dexterity. That shape—she began to choke on her food, and tried to stand and run. It was them! Somehow!
Raskgh—
Gire poked her head into the tent. She sniffed.
“Bird hash? You’re making bird hash for breakfast?”
She looked over her shoulder, then blew into the tent so fast Mrsha barely saw her move. She had two bowls full and a spoon raised before she saw Mrsha.
“Oh. Good morning. Mrsha du Marquin. May I have some food?”
She blinked at Mrsha. The Gnoll stared up at the gigantic [Paragon], the second-tallest Gnoll in the entire Meeting of Tribes, and nodded. Gire smiled, ducked her head, and began to eat her breakfast.
Satar had prepared enough for Mrsha to stuff herself until bird hash came out her ears, and for everyone else in the tent to eat their fill; she could always save or re-use it. Gire chowed it down so fast Mrsha saw less of it every time she raised her head.
Not that she didn’t savor it. She was beaming with delight.
“Bird hash. I love bird hash. What kind of bird is it? Chicken…but the speckled hen breed. Probably eight years old. Yum, yum…”
Then Gire blinked at Mrsha and looked embarrassed. She offered the last bowl to Mrsha.
“My apologies, Mrsha. You’re an honored guest. Do you want more?”
Mrsha shook her head, in awe of how much Gire was putting away. The Ekhtouch Gnoll ducked her head and went back to eating. She had good manners. Even so, now that she was reminded Mrsha was there, her eyes assessed Mrsha as she sat cross-legged, back straight. A giant among even her tribe.
[Paragon]. Mrsha had seen her yesterday, of course. But today? She took in Gire, and Gire did the same.
“I should introduce myself. I am Gireulashia of Ekhtouch. [Paragon]. It is my honor to meet you, Mrsha from Liscor. Especially after all you’ve done!”
