Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 31
He glanced at the door. Luan had heard it too. In the distance, someone had blown a warning siren. It sounded like a birdcall, but he was familiar with the Tallguard enough to know that it was an owl by day, a bird by night, so they didn’t get mixed up.
“Trouble?”
Luan sat back up, reaching for the modified crossbow. The [Necromancer] hesitated.
“Let me check. Stay there.”
Luan hesitated as the man ran out. He loaded the crossbow, just in case. He didn’t want to get in the way of the Tallguard; if they were swinging around and fighting, he might hit one.
Another owl’s shriek sounded—then stopped halfway. Luan waited.
“Ekrn! Noa?”
He called out, going to the door, but someone met him—he stopped as Noa slipped in, nearly striking her with the door.
“Luan! Stay there!”
“What is it, trouble?”
She didn’t reply.
“I have to go! The boss needs all of us—just—just stay there.”
A worried note was in her voice. Luan hesitated. However, Noa was gone in another moment. He listened, but no one blew the alarm again. He did hear…shouting. Luan listened, wavering between going out and not. He peeked out the door and then saw it.
All the Fraerlings outside of Paeth had returned, the Architects and Inners hurried into the city out of danger. Only Tallguard remained, taking up their usual posts around the clearing, ready for combat.
But…something was off. Rather than stick to their posts, Luan saw hundreds of Tallguard running. All those not keeping watch were heading one way. He cracked the door open further and saw.
“Tallguard of Feiland! Deploy! Move, move! I want [Bird Riders] in the sky! Keep us clear! Kill everything that moves! Signim free! Go!”
That was Ekrn, and the Human had never heard the note of—panic—in his voice before. Luan was just about to thrust the door open and demand to help. That was when he saw it.
In the distance, stumbling past the higher tripwires, traps against other animals, Fraerlings were entering the clearing. Fraerlings…but not Tallguard. They ran forwards, meeting the Tallguard, pointing back.
Hundreds of them. No…thousands. At first, Luan thought it was a war, but if it had been, Tallguard would have been swinging through the air. These ones were just on the ground.
And they weren’t Tallguard. Some carried weapons, wore armor, but he saw impromptu spears rather than enchanted blades. They were—ragged. He realized in a sudden jolt of adrenaline these weren’t warriors at all.
“Get them inside!”
Ekrn ran past his field of view, Noa following. The Fraerlings were crying out, and he heard voices.
“—all gone! They came at dawn—”
“Where’s the Skywatcher?”
The door opened further as Luan looked out. One of the Fraerlings wore the same garb as the Guidance of Paeth. He was pointing, shouting.
“They all stayed! They were dying, even with their Signim—we lost the last a week ago.”
“A week? When was this? How many? Monsters?”
“No, it was—”
The Guidance looked past Ekrn, dazed, as a stream of countless Fraerlings emerged from the forest. Weary, bloody, wounded—clutching their possessions. Noa, horrified, saw tens of thousands, maybe over a hundred thousand—but so few.
This was the Guidance of Oierdressql, and that city was larger than Paeth! If not as old—they had all fled. They were wounded, and the Tallguard were securing their retreat. The Guidance was babbling at Ekrn, but then he froze. He pointed.
“There! Human!”
The Fraerlings moving towards Paeth froze. Their stream stopped—then they began to stampede backwards, screaming. The Guidance pointed at Luan, peeking out of his house.
