Interlude – Relationships
Page 27
Seborn Sailwinds glanced over at Mrsha, then at Nanette. The girl was looking worried about her new caretaker’s wrath, but she tipped her imaginary hat very politely to Seborn.
“Hello, sir. Salt below.”
His brows rose.
“Wind above. Pleased to meet you, Miss…?”
“Nanette.”
She shyly shook his hand, and Mrsha peeked out from behind Fort Moore as he rumbled.
“I can see why Erin is so angry. Not that she should take it out on her friends and family. At least we’re nearly back to Liscor. She can greet the Antinium when they arrive. It will be a day or two yet, even if they march fast.”
“Are they headed south via however they got here or overland? Will they make it to Liscor without—incident? They might be safe when they reach Celum, but that’ll take some time.”
The question suddenly provoked some nerves in the others. Garia gulped, imagining how many cities lay between Orefell and Liscor. None of whom knew Antinium.
“Wales’ forces are escorting them, so they should be safe.”
Numbtongue exhaled, and the adventurers realized—that the inn’s guests didn’t understand how good the reputation of these Antinium were in Izril’s lower north right now. Or how scary Xrn was.
Ceria was still chuckling, and then the inn’s guests saw how the adventurers had fared on their ‘vacation’. Despite having Orefell’s resources after the battle, everything had been so chaotic that no one but Yvlon had managed to clean up. They were smelly—Ceria had sticks in her hair from sleeping outside, and despite everything having been healed by potions and Zimrah, Moore kept rubbing his back, which he’d thrown during the battle. Jelaqua and Ulinde’s Selphid bodies were full of bite marks, and Ksmvr was so sleepy he could barely nibble on his cheese.
They were the victors of a great battle, a heroic moment, even if they had not been the sole key players. Mrsha looked up at Moore, then down at Seborn.
“Hey, water rat. You got any food? We shared most of ours with Orefell.”
He poked her in the side, and she gave him an outraged look, which turned slightly respectful. Mrsha hesitated, then grimaced and pointed. Everyone looked over, and Jelaqua made a delighted sound. Yvlon groaned.
“You’ve got a Sariant Lamb?”
Numbtongue grinned.
“It found us. And ate all our food. That’s Nerry. Don’t ask what it’s short for. And we met Griffon Hunt!”
“I forgot they were over there! How’s old Halrac doing? How’s older Typhenous?”
The [Bard] snorted.
“Flirting with [Witches].”
Everyone laughed, and for a moment, they relaxed, watching the carriage. And yet—Mrsha saw the same City Runner who they had passed catching up. The young man pointed at the Horns, Halfseekers, and fished for an autograph card in awe. In fact, the gates were opening and the Watch was waving. Then Mrsha wondered what Lyonette and the other adults had hid from her, while they checked to see if anyone they knew had been hurt in the battle. She looked at Moore and wondered if he had been a hero again.
But then, he always was, and the half-Giant patted Mrsha gently on the head.
“Your boon was very helpful, Mrsha. Or rather, should I thank Lyonette too?”
“Oh. Yes. Where is Erin? I have a piece of my mind to speak to her about her admittedly helpful boon myself.”
Pisces snapped his spellbook shut for good. He frowned around, but Ceria was still watching the carriage.
“I think someone’s told Erin that Rags is at Liscor. She should be; she claimed she was flying, and I bet a Wyvern can make it from Orefell in two days.”
