Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 15
Vess had heard these Painted Antinium had enchanted gear, so he was rolling over bodies and staring at green blood. He heard someone from his squad exclaim.
“Hey. Hey, that Antinium who was shouting is over there. The one with robes on its armor. Look.”
Vess looked up and saw the Antinium who the [Spearmaster] had personally killed lying on the ground. Another Antinium was right next to it. Both had died in an odd posture.
One was propped against the other, mandibles still open, a hole through its chest—multiple holes, Vess realized. Green blood had stained the white robes and run down the steel armor.
The second Antinium, a burly Soldier with only two arms, had died…strangely. It knelt, two arms cradling the Worker, supporting it. Green blood painted its armor, and it had a mace lying next to it.
Dented, worthless. Vess walked forwards, staring at the glowing club in the Worker’s hand. He wondered how the Soldier had died. Then, as he reached out for the club, he saw something.
Did that mandible just move? Vess froze and stared at the Soldier. He’d definitely seen it…twitch. Then he saw, ever-so-slightly, the shoulders rise and fall.
It was breathing. It was—
“Ancestors! It’s alive!”
The [Arcane Warrior] shouted in horror. He leapt backwards, and Big Yam stumbled away, bringing their weapons up. Vess aimed his wand at the Soldier’s head and realized—it hadn’t moved.
It had raised the dented helmet slowly. The two arms on its left side were still holding the Worker, but the Soldier turned to stare at him. It didn’t attack.
“Blast it, Vess! Shoot it—”
One of the [Archers] was circling for an angle, and Vess lifted his wand. He hesitated. Was the Soldier mortally wounded? It looked like it had taken some damage, but it wasn’t attacking. It was…
“Hold on! Hold on!”
Velden roared. He yanked the bow down, and Big Yam turned to him. The [Sergeant] looked at the Antinium Soldier.
“It’s…take it prisoner.”
Big Yam stared at him incredulously. Yet the Drake looked at Vess and then turned.
“Someone get rope! Alert High Command! Tell them—tell them we’ve got an Antinium prisoner! The first one! Ever!”
Big Yam hesitated, but Velden was their [Sergeant]. Vess hissed at him.
“Are you mad, Velden? It’ll attack!”
He thought Velden had lost it, but then the Drake [Veteran] turned and whispered back.
“It could be our ticket out of the next battle if we’re guarding it!”
Vess saw the desperate gleam in Velden’s eyes. He realized this wasn’t about intel or novelty, just Velden trying to keep them alive another battle. Even so…
The Soldier was looking at him. Vess aimed his wand straight between its eyes. At his level and this range, he could blow a hole through its head. Velden watched Vess.
He wouldn’t stop the [Arcane Warrior]. Nor would Big Yam, none of whom wanted to touch the thing. They could run it through. Vess hesitated and saw the Soldier waiting. Waiting…
Vess lowered the wand and backed up. Ropes came, and Big Yam looped them around the Soldier, binding and rebinding it—then yanked it off its feet. The instant the Soldier was down, they resecured it, and began kicking it until Velden told them to leave it alive.
Vess didn’t join in. Nor had he killed the Soldier. Not because he bought into Velden’s plan to get them out of the fighting.
Simply because he didn’t kill unarmed soldiers. And he might have been persuaded there was no such thing with Antinium…but a realization had shocked Vess more than anything else.
The Soldier had been holding the Worker’s body. As if he were mourning him.
