Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 22
The fuchsia edges of the flame melted with darker edges, like the very blood that had been spilled. Erin held it up. And the crowd looked at her. The Minotaur’s eyes reflected the glow. And he and Erin saw in it all he had been.
Slowly, his back straightened. Erin Solstice looked into Calruz’s eyes and blinked away tears. He did not weep. But he stood taller, taller. Until he looked around.
The crowd of people looked at Erin’s fire. It did not captivate all of them. Some spat and turned away. Others hurled insults, fleeing the painful light. And still more looked at Calruz. At Erin. And she held the flame up.
“This. Don’t forget this. Ever.”
That was all she said. The Minotaur nodded. Erin cupped the flames. The shadows seemed long, despite the daylight streaming up. People moved around her pointing, staring. But Erin’s heart held that brief sight of glory.
And then she threw the fire up, out of her hands. And it burned for just a second and then vanished. For it was a fleeting thing. Erin looked at Calruz. Then she turned and walked away.
 
—-
 
She did not say anything more. She did not watch, as the Minotaur kept walking. Erin Solstice sat and talked with Selys. In time, she began to feel normal. But her Drake friend stared at her as if Erin had horns growing out of her head. Or something else.
The young woman found Beza and Montressa standing in the inn, helping with the production of Frozen. They looked wan, tired from the other fire, but determined to be helpful. Erin looked at them.
“Palt, Montressa, Beza, can we talk?”
The Wistram [Mages] turned to her, two of them looking apprehensive. Erin motioned them around the table. Then she sat.
“I was thinking about the future. Um…you know the inn’s growing, right? Well, we’ve nearly finished the second floor and I was thinking. We have three new rooms which opened upstairs. Since you three are always around here, I was thinking of offering you all a place to stay. If you can get up the stairs, Palt?”
They stared at her. Palt nearly choked on his gum. Montressa started.
“W—you want us, Erin? To stay at your inn?”
“If you want to. Pay, obviously. It’s not too expensive, and you get free breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Um, unless you get more than one plate.”
“But why us? You have every right to bear a grudge. Why change your mind?”
Beza folded her arms. She looked at Erin, and the young woman wanted to know all about Minos, suddenly. About how their King judged honor. But she just shrugged.
“Why not? I don’t mind. You two were sort of jerks, but you also helped fight the Crelers. I’m not telling you stuff just like that, or joining your factions, but you can stay, if you want to.”
She paused.
“You fought the Crelers. That doesn’t balance you out because that’s not how it works, but it matters.”
She looked from face to face, meeting each eye squarely. And then Erin smiled, mischievously.
“Besides, someone has to balance Palt. Or his faction has too much power around here and he’s the only person from Wistram telling me what’s what. What if I want to negotiate or undercut him somehow?”
The gum caught in Palt’s throat. He choked and Beza slapped him on the back. Erin eyed the saliva and gum on the table. Then she looked up.
She smiled, and winked. And all three Wistram [Mages] gave Erin the look everyone gave her when they saw behind the curtain for a second.
“Think about it.”
And that was all. Erin got up as Palt stared at her. She wandered over to Lyonette.
“Hey, it’ll probably be a full house tonight. Get ready. I’m going to bring it down.”
The [Princess] looked at Erin.
