Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 2)
Page 12
“That’s a force of the sea right there, Lord Kallinad. Begging your pardon—no, I won’t ask what we’ll find. But what manner of danger might there be?”
Wil hesitated.
“…I don’t know, Captain. But if it is anything like the crab, I’ll defer to your judgment.”
“Yes, Lord Kallinad. I wouldn’t have it any other way. Then—tell me where we’ll go today.”
Wil was giving the [Captain] a slightly circuitous route towards their final destination that would get them there in 3 days—if he corrected their course the next day. That done, he left the cabin.
“How much longer, Wil? I’m booooored.”
Yerranola announced as she stared at the treasure chest. The students were now playing cards and relaxing next to the chest. Inky was teaching them a sailor’s version of the game.
“Three days, Yerra. Be patient. We’re nearly there.”
“Fine. But I’ve gotten bored again. And the drinking is—okay, it’s helping a bit. But now I’m bored again.”
The Selphid flopped onto the deck, spread-eagled. Wil sat next to her as Feshi glanced suspiciously at Merrik’s hands. He was gambling well; Venaz, and Feshi had tells. Peki and Inky on the other hand were doing well. Merrik’s beard concealed most of his expressions.
They were done with discussing who might use the Swords of Serept best; Wil had considered everyone from The Blighted King to an Archmage of Wistram for maximum benefit. He’d stuck with Talia getting a blade if she wanted one, and possibly Foliana, but Venaz had assured him that there were better people to give the third blade to than Pheislant’s monarchies. Wil would see.
But it was in the future. Right now? Boredom, or rather, anticipation had resumed. And anticipation was worse, in a way. Yerranola stared up at Wil.
“Do something.”
Wil patted her on the head. The Selphid bit at his fingers. She was going stir-crazy.
“Unless you want to make that more serious, do something else, Wil.”
“Like what? Play chess?”
“No. Don’t wanna.”
“Play cards, then.”
“Don’t wanna.”
Wil exhaled. Yerranola was being willfully childish. He envied her, in a way. He cast around, had another lazy idea.
“How about we put on the scrying orb?”
“Oh—fine. We haven’t done it in…a while. Actually.”
Yerranola sat up. The other students glanced at her. They hadn’t used the scrying orb; Umina and Marian had kept them abreast of the Professor’s newest lessons. Wil set it up as Yerranola complained.
“I’m just sick of that Drake. Noass? He’s so—dismissive of non-Drake events. You know?”
“We know.”
Feshi growled as she put down her hand and folded her arms. Yerranola watched as Wil prodded the scrying orb. A figure flickered into focus. Well—two.
Noass was there. He was the regular anchor now—Sir Relz was more of a commentator while Noass delivered all the news. And the broadcast now had a system.
“If you’re just tuning in, you’re watching live, Wistram Worldwide! The WWW’s broadcast has all of the most important events in—the entire world! And of course, our first topic tonight: the sea. Obviously, essential. And we’ve been keeping an eye on this story the entire time.”
The Drake’s voice made Wil stir a bit. In the left side of the screen, he had a picture within a picture, a separate viewpoint. Of a ship. On the ocean. The other students looked up.
“Did he say the sea?”
“Mhm. We might find something interesting.”
Inky snorted as she shuffled the deck.
“From a landsman? I doubt it.”
“Joining us today is a special guest with a—seafarer’s perspective. Of the sea. I’m joined in the studio by Gold-rank adventurer, Seborn Sailwinds. Adventurer Sailwinds, I understand you grew up on the sea.”
