Interlude – Carriages and Conversations
Page 0

(The Last Tide is now available for purchase! Please consider buying the comic, and thanks for making this possible!)
 
Now. 
The isle was known as Feru’s Paradise for reasons completely unrelated to the present. At some point, it had possibly been a verdant ecosystem, the kind your budding [Biologist]-[Naturalist] and evolutionary theorist would have given their eyeteeth for.
However, that was in the past. And at some point, the owner of the isle had decided what it really needed was some lovely flowers and grass. They had destroyed the local habitat to make it a lovely vacation isle.
Subsequently, the rats had taken over. As rats did, they had ravaged the ecosystem. These rats were particularly small; half the size of regular rats, and green. That was to say, they blended with the grass and were the most invasive of species.
None of this mattered to the Runner who arrived on the island. They had chartered a small boat to take them out here; one of the small sailing crafts that [Fishers] used. Now, they watched it disappearing.
“And I paid gold for the trip.”
The Runner scuffed one foot into the ground and saw the camouflaged rats scuttling away. In fairness, the [Fisher] had warned them, as the locals liked to do, not to visit the cursed isle. Oh yes, they knew an Archmage lived here. And as far as they were concerned, the people on the coast of Feru’s Paradise hoped she never came out from her mansion.
Most people assumed she was dead. She hadn’t been seen in over a decade. Nor were they impressed with her title of ‘Archmage’. She was just another eccentric mage, holed up on her private island.
And everyone knew this island was certain death. So did the Runner. They’d been warned. So, very cautiously, they made their way to the one landmark on the small isle.
That was the mansion. It had taken the Runner a long while to get here. Feru’s Paradise wasn’t exactly an easy location to get to, even if you could move fast. They were…disappointed to see it looked just like a normal mansion. Incongruously well-kept among the overrun isle.
Still, looks were deceiving. The Runner touched the charm on their neck. Then, they drew a deep breath and shouted.
“Archmage Valeterisa! I bear a message from Lady Ieka Imarris! Will you allow my entrance?”
No response, although they had shouted commendably loud, enough to be heard from the mansion. But if it was that easy…the Runner tried again, amplifying their voice with a spell.
“Archmage Valeterisa! Can you hear me?”
Nothing. The Runner eyed the mansion. Then—they eyed the barren ground in about a two hundred foot radius around the mansion. There was no grass there; the ground looked like it had been disturbed. And most tellingly—no rats were foraging around.
“Right. Absolutely not stepping on that. Hm…”
They hunted around on the ground, and found a rock. The Runner hefted it and threw it into the middle of the barren ground. They braced—
And nothing happened. The Runner scratched their head. They took a few cautious steps forwards, swore, and leapt back.
The ground exploded. Dirt rained down and the rats scurried away almost as fast as the Runner. They caught their breath several dozen feet away from the detonation site.
“Life-sensing spells? Okay. We’re doing this the hard way.”
The Runner bit their lip and looked around. They had options…but an easy one came to mind, and one the designer of this death-trap might not have thought of.
“…I wonder if I can use rats?”
