Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 19
Someone else was covertly watching the chaotic scene, yet he ignored everyone but the white Gnoll. That poor child.
Mrsha. How much more did she have to put up with? Didn’t you—if you knew what she had been through to get here—didn’t you want to pick her up, hold her, and tell her it would be all right and that that would never happen to her?
That was exactly why a Gnoll started forwards, paws outstretched. He never went through the Silverfang camp. A group of Gnolls stopped him.
“Chieftain Mrell. Chieftain Torishi Weatherfur has spoken. You are not permitted within the camp without invitation.”
A Gnoll patterned like the blue sky and clouds, with both on his fur, looked at Mrell as he casually put an arm out. He did not draw the glass sword at his side, but he didn’t have to.
Weatherfur’s Gnolls were guarding Silverfang’s camp, something confusing to anyone who thought about it. Mrell looked at the Gnoll.
“But I—”
He tried to push past the [Guard] without an explanation. Just that he had to hold…his daughter.
His daughter, who he had left. Who he…his daughter, left with his tribe who had perished while he’d been away starting a new life.
He had no right, and Torishi had told him that to his face. And yet. The Weatherfur Gnoll carefully grabbed Mrell, and two more Gnolls held him.
“Chieftain Mrell! what’s going on?”
One of his bodyguards had no idea what was going on, and the Gnolls of the Demas Metal tribe slowed. A Great Tribe like Weatherfur—no one wanted to cause an altercation, but they put their paws on their weapon hilts. Demas Metal—they were all armed with the new weaponry.
“Enough. Hold. It’s…just for a second? I—she needs me.”
“She does not need you, Chieftain Mrell. She has someone to look after her. You would make it worse.”
The lead-warrior looked at Mrell and delivered the address without direct hostility, but still, planted a dagger in Mrell’s chest and twisted it a few times. What Mrell deserved? Yet—the Gnoll looked up as a babble of voices broke out.
“Wait! Let me—”
Someone went down hard as three Ekhtouch guards appeared out of the shadows and tackled her. Of the two estranged parents—Prha got it worse because she had tried to stealth over the edge of the Silverfang camp walls. She was jumped on by three Gnolls who had a head and a lot of mass on her. Even so, the [Warrior] of the Sofang tribe looked after her daughter.
“Mrsha! Mr—”
“Silence.”
The struggling Gnoll woman and Mrell turned as someone walked through the camp. The guards nodded to Shaman Cetrule as he stalked forwards. He was angry. He cast a spell, and Prha’s words were swallowed away.
“You two are not permitted in the Silverfang camp. Begone, now. Are you mad? Do not speak that name. Begone and do not come back.”
He snapped, and Mrell remembered—Prha was using Mrsha’s real name. She was Mri, here. He had almost said it himself. The Gnoll stirred, and she was picked up, hustled to the edge of the camp, and Mrell was pushed back.
“Can I send her a message? Anything?”
“No. You have no right.”
“But she’s our…”
Prha and Mrell stood together, and the two glanced at each other, then away. Mrell, Chieftain of the new tribe, the up-and-coming Demas Metal with their wondrous steel, looked into Cetrule’s eyes. A young [Shaman] stared at him, confused, and then at Cetrule’s hostile face.
“That is why you have even less of a right. Begone. Stop trying to insert yourself into her life. The best thing that ever happened to Mri was that you two left.”
