Interlude – Experiments in Golems
Page 47
Femithain stared. Domehead had recorded it! It was—it stepped sideways again. Palm to the face. Elbe’s crowd was going wild.
“He’s using the unarmed combat routines! It saved the routine! WE can win! We can win!”
Se was shouting. Nsiia heard a roar from Dellva and cheering. But there was a problem. Domehead lunged again—punch to the face!
Punch to the face! Hammera staggered back! Domehead hit her, once, twice—her routines were struggling to adapt! But—
“Oh no. He’s only going for her face. I never tried to hit you anywhere else!”
Dellic and Nsiia saw Domehead punching Hammera’s head. The Garuda-head was a mash. Any ordinary person would be dead. But—this was a Golem. Hammera kept moving.
Domehead froze again as she swung an axe and he executed a dodge. Hammera didn’t have a face left, just a mangled bit of steel. Yet she was attacking, furiously striking. There were no valuable command lines in her head! All that was leaking out was magicore—her acceleration booster.
“Oh no.”
The Golem froze as Hammera came at him. He took a blow to the chest and fell down. It had nearly broken his Golem’s Heart, but Hammera was also handicapped in that she wasn’t designed to always aim for his head, where his secondary routines were.
“If only we’d given him one more attack routine! If only—”
The Crafters were pulling their hair out. Nsiia’s fists were clenched. Yinah was being held tightly by Femithain as he watched in silence.
“Anyone else—”
Dellic stared down at the Golem. Nsiia nodded. She stood up, shaking.
“He just has to punch!”
She threw a punch forwards, frustrated, and turned away. She couldn’t watch this! She punched the air as Dellic did the same, as if they were on the ground. Either one of them could have taken Hammera to pieces!
Domehead’s crystal dome lit up. Slowly, it swiveled on its torso as Hammera advanced slowly. Nsiia’s punch was reflected, distantly from the stands.
But what was distance to a Golem? Nsiia was turning to stalk away for the bathrooms when she heard a roar. And a thump.
She turned—and saw Domehead’s fist hit Hammera’s chest again. The other Golem staggered back. Domehead advanced. It punched—
“Impossible.”
The whisper came from the stands. Nsiia saw Domehead punch—and take another blow to the shoulder. Hammera was still attacking.
“It just—”
“Dodge.”
Dellic breathed. Nsiia looked at him.
“Show it how to dodge!”
Nsiia saw Domehead’s ‘face’ swiveling. Flashing. She saw the hammer swing up—
The [Exile] leaned and Domehead copied her. She threw a punch—and Hammera fell down. Everyone was staring at her.
Domehead threw an empty punch, tried the face-attack—palm strike. Hammera was getting up.
“Empress! Show him more! Keep attacking!”
Nsiia’s mind went blank. She saw Dellic shouting at her. Femithain was frozen. She raised a foot and stomped. 
The Golem below hit Hammera in the chest with an impact that rocked her back. Elbe’s Golem actually rolled away and tried to get up again. In response, Nsiia kicked. Domehead raised a leg and froze. She heard a scream of metal—
“Don’t kick! He doesn’t have the joints for it!”
Se screamed in her ears. Nsiia put her foot down. She saw Hammera was on her feet. And she had the maul. But Domehead was waiting. Nsiia raised her fists, and it copied her.
“It can sweep the leg! Like this—”
Dellic demonstrated a leg-hook. And Domehead lunged before Nsiia could copy him. It copied the [Armsmaster of Steel]. Down Hammera went! He stomped without prompting and demolished the rest of her face!
