Interlude – The Tribes of Izril
Page 5
Oh yes, one more thing. The young woman turned and her dyed, exquisitely ornate clothing, a replica of traditional patterns from her home, glittered in the sunlight as Eska called out to her. Inkar rode, Deskie’s clothing light on her skin.
Magical clothing. Made from the Gnoll’s labors.
Clothing as strong as armor, as warm as an oven even during the freezing winter, and which had been inlaid with the most expensive product of the animals the tribe had: the angora wool of the Waisrabbit! Inkar and her horse blinked across a line of sheep, which turned their heads to stare at her.
The Waisrabbits, notoriously hard to breed and raise. Because the Waisrabbits…
Teleported. And unless you were kind, careful, and treated them well, an entire flock would vanish overnight. As it was, they produced precious little angora wool which carried their powers. But their meat, bones, and every part of them was a valuable cash product.
The herd of rabbits that had given Inkar the ability to hop a few feet regularly with her mount, the faithful Flura, promptly vanished and reappeared on the back of one of the rolling wagons of the Longstalkers. The Gnoll driving the wagon sighed, but let them peek over the side.
“Inkar! Good, come with me.”
The [Chieftain of Herds] waved Inkar forwards and they rode at a brisk trot. Inkar peered ahead.
“The other tribe? The Greenpaw Tribe?”
“Yes. They are different. Do not look down your nose at them—not that you would.”
“Why?”
The answer was obvious and Eska’s hesitation clear as the second tribe appeared over the hill they were descending, as the ground leveled out and became the Great Plains, so reminiscent of her homeland for their flat, enormous landscapes. But the Great Plains were many times larger than her entire homeland, Inkar had learned.
The Greenpaw Tribe was…an agricultural tribe. Also, poor. They did not go hand-in-hand, but poor harvest and a Creler infestation had ruined their fortunes. They farmed this area, and they had been subject to enough bad luck that other tribes called them cursed.
Eska did not. She greeted the senior [Chieftain] with a strong hug, and the grey-furred Orelighn looked curiously at Inkar.
“I greet you, Honored Eska and your tribe. Will you stay with ours and hunt and eat for a day?”
“We have a day to spare. And we would greatly enjoy the break, Honored Orelighn. Only—our Waisrabbits might infest your fields.”
The [Chieftain] sighed.
“It would not be the worst calamity to befall us of late. Better Waisrabbits than Crelers—one would be welcome since the other would not.”
“Creler eggs in their fields. Ate everything and tunneled up.”
One of the other Gnolls, the young [Stalker Hunter] who’d befriended Inkar, part of the escort for Eska, whispered. Eska’s ears twitched and she turned to glare at the younger Gnoll. The Chieftain of the Greenpaw Tribe sighed again.
“We have precious little to give the Meeting of Tribes. But perhaps—there is hope. That is why I asked for your Human, Eska. Inkar the Traveller, we have heard your name.”
“I have heard your name, Honored Orelighn.”
Inkar bowed in the saddle. The Gnoll smiled, pleased.
“This is good. While your tribe makes camp, Eska, I will show you what we found months ago. This way.”
He beckoned them off. Inkar saw the great migration of the first tribe halt. And they joined the Greenpaws, greeting old friends, howling at each other, insults, jests, and so on.
