Interlude – Two Rats
Page 18
The words were fire. And they warmed even the Minotaur’s heart. But he put one palm on the magical wall of his cell. His one arm, straining against ensorcelled air. And he longed to see the sky.
“I would rather die. Let them have their vengeance.”
“Never. Not so long as I remain.”
The Drake bared her teeth. And the Minotaur bowed his head.
“But a prisoner I stay. And I would rather die than sit here another day.”
And to that there was nothing she could say.
 
—-
 
At last, Zevara stopped pacing. She leaned against the wall of the cell. Calruz waited. His eyes were fixed on her. He stood, as still as a statue. And when she looked at him, Zevara saw a Minotaur.
Just a Minotaur. Haunted by what he had done. But she did not see the monster who had led the Raskghar. She had seen him, when Erin had brought the battle to the Raskghar far below. And she remembered a monster.
That was not the person who pleaded for death. And though Calruz’ words chilled Zevara, she could not answer his request.
“This goes beyond what you want, Calruz. This is a matter of a threat to Liscor. If something in that dungeon got you, I want to know what it was. If it wasn’t your fault—you deserve to clear your name.”
Was it a lie at this point, or the truth? Zevara was afraid, very afraid, that she was letting her feeling cloud her judgment. Because she liked the Minotaur in the cell, damn it! He understood what it was like to be her. When he spoke of honor, she understood. What honor was to him, was law to her.
But Calruz just shook his head.
“No one has suffered my fate. No one. No magic was found on me.”
“But you didn’t see some of the monsters in the dungeon. There was something in the water.”
“A spell. It doesn’t matter. The adventurers are still clearing the dungeon. Have any of them gone mad?”
Zevara didn’t answer. She turned away.
“I’m not debating this with you, Calruz. I just wanted you to know what was happening.”
She turned to go, rather than face arguing with the Minotaur. Calruz spoke as Zevara was leaving.
“Why do you fight so hard for me? I don’t deserve it, either way.”
Zevara hesitated. She walked back to the cell, the magical barrier. She had no fear of it breaking despite Calruz leaning on it. It had been made to hold Gold-rank prisoners. He could strike it even with a magical weapon as hard as he liked and she doubted it would break. Although she wouldn’t risk that. She hesitated—and then reached through the barrier.
The cell could be configured, so Calruz could pass through the waste bucket or receive food. If he tried to grab her on the other hand, she wouldn’t budge. He started at her touch.
“Maybe you are guilty. Maybe you’re innocent. I cannot tell. But I know this: letting Lism lead a mob to rip you apart is not how the law works, Calruz. And I will be certain before you die.”
He breathed in and out.
“Then I will abide. My confinement is no more than I deserve. Rather, I suppose it’s a fitting punishment until my fate. But Watch Captain Zevara. Remember what I have done. No excuse will change that. Even if I was truly ensorcelled.”
And that was true too. Zevara nodded and stepped back.
“I know. But I just can’t put an honorable person to death. If I did, I think I’d lose my class.”
That made Calruz smile bitterly.
“I see. So we’re both bound by our honor. I cannot be sure it was me that was the monster, entirely sure, so I am not allowed to seek my death. And you cannot give it for the same reason. It’s harder than I thought when I was younger.”
“What is?”
“Honor.”
