Interlude – Of Vampires and Fraerlings
Page 6
A dozen conversations. A dozen meetings. Bird happily craned his neck back to stare for a bird. Inside his hat, a little figure cursed as the floor suddenly rotated under him.
Niers Astoragon was slowly going insane.
 
——
 
“We are moving too slow.”
Niers hissed at Bird. The Antinium reluctantly stopped staring up, looked around, and realized Niers was right.
Let’s talk about a mile. A mile, a unit of measurement as it pertained to distance. 5,280 feet. Often ridiculed as being highly unintuitive compared to a kilometer. After all, whose feet were you using?
Well, only Earthers had another unit of measurement to go by. In the void of Niers’ rapidly-deteriorating mental state, he thought about a mile.
There were countless miles between Liscor and Pallass. Between Liscor and Invrisil. Four hundred, to be exact.
Izril was thousands of miles long. That was a lot of miles. Even if you assumed only half the length of Izril—since Liscor was roughly in the middle, that was a lot of distance to cover to any port or harbor.
“I know Izril is big. Please stop shouting in my hat.”
Bird retorted. Niers just glared as he paced around the top of Bird’s head.
“I’m bored and I can’t even sit in the open without being noticed! Someone’s got to learn something or I’ll start eating this damn hat. So let’s have a logistics lecture. You can be my top student.”
“I would not like to be the top student. I will be the eighth most competent, please. For maximum lack of expectations.”
Niers stared at one of Bird’s antennae blankly.
“…Okay. Fine. How long would it take you, Bird, without Skills, to walk a mile.”
“…How fast am I walking? Please stop kicking my antennae. Twenty minutes?”
“Great! Thank you! Twenty minutes. So let’s do math.”
“Must we?”
“Assuming you walk for…hm. Eight hours? How many miles could you travel? Let me help you—do you know how to multiply? Divide? I can teach you that. That would be an hour broken down into segments of twenty. Three per hour. So—”
“I will walk 24 miles in eight hours. Yes. Why am I learning this?”
Niers blinked. Bird stared blankly at a tick trying to bite his arm. He was going to call this tick ‘Ineffectual Biter’. It would be his pet. He would become a [Pet Owner] and…
“Aha! Got you, you little pest!”
Fierre grabbed the tick, squished it, and triumphantly tossed it to the ground. Bird stared at the tick. Then he went back to listening.
“Twenty four miles isn’t much. It would take us…let’s see. Isn’t Pallass 380 miles south of Liscor? So at 24 miles per day—”
“—It would take me 15.83 days. Yes. This is indeed math.”
This time Niers had to stop. He sat, thoughtfully.
“Are all Antinium as good at math as you, Bird?”
“We do not use math. Math is boring. I was taught by Erin Solstice.”
Instantly, Niers was distracted.
“Really. Tell me more. Why did this happen?”
Bird tilted his head. Niers slid sideways, but didn’t remonstrate him this time.
“…Because she was teaching Mrsha? Mrsha did not want to learn. She taught me because ‘I am a child and should know basic math’. I did not want to learn either. Therefore, Erin told me she would cook me my favorite bird food ever if I solved her math questions.”
“What’s your favorite bird food ever?”
“Cookies in the shapes of birds. But it was only my favorite food that month. She made it for me four days in a row. Mrsha got none. Even when she tried to steal.”
Bird smacked his mandibles together a few times happily. Niers was fascinated.
“So you solved the problems four days in a row?”
