Interlude – Strategists at Sea (Pt. 1)
Page 19
Wil Kallinad felt his spine tingling. [Storm Captain]. That was, to his knowledge, at least a Level 30 class. But the students were high-level. He saw Merrik pause, and grin.
“Can’t be sure I’d spare your decks if I went up against you, Captain.”
“Well, that happens in a ship battle. Can’t help it if it’s a true engagement. But we try to end it before it comes to that, right, crew?”
Lasc looked around. The [Sailors] laughed and cheered. Merrik’s eyes narrowed. Wil was hesitating. Should he break this up? He didn’t know Lasc’s class or abilities or temperament. He could…probably hold back. But he had a sword in one hand. Shortsword. Was he just some kind of good [Swordsman]?
But then—a snort from the side. And like he was born for the role, Venaz spoke up.
“That’s a lot of bravado. But I’m not sure Merrik’s the best fighter among us. Or Peki, for that matter.”
Every head turned. Wil leaned on Yerranola and covered his eyes for a second. The Minotaur strode forwards. He was, of course, the tallest person on the ship bar none. Huge, hugely muscular, his fur rippling with muscle. He looked at Merrik and Peki. Both [Officers] eyed him.
“Venaz, I love you like…a friend. Whom I’ve gotten to know for a few months at most. Two months, really. But you do like to talk out of your ass, right, Peki?”
The Garuda nodded.
“All ass, no Skill. We are [Warriors]. You’re a [Strategist].”
“ A [War Strategist]. I earned my levels, even if not all of my Skills went to combat. I consolidated my class. I’ve led [Soldiers] into battle. I didn’t join the officer classes because I heard the acumen of the [Strategist] classes was better, and that was what I needed to work on.”
Venaz flexed one arm, casually. Wil recalled—Venaz used plate armor too. He’d brought some for the trip. Also—he was skilled with any number of weapons.
“Oh, really? And you think you could take me?”
Merrik put his hammer down with deceptive good-nature. But even he had his limits. Venaz eyed him.
“You’ve got armor. Give me a moment to put on my armor and I’ll take you on. Bastard sword, shield. Since it’s not to the death, we’ll call each blow a point. Mortal wounds or ten to a victor, fair?”
The Minotaur was smiling confidently. Merrik’s eyes narrowed.
“You’re overconfident, Venaz. Just because you have a few Skills, you think you can take me on? Fine. Let’s do it and bet some real gold on—”
Captain Lasc walked between the two. The [Storm Captain] had a casual stroll. But he put one arm out to block Merrik. And he looked at Venaz.
“Mister Venaz. As much as I’d like the duel, I believe it was I who made the challenge. And the [Captain]’s honor must come before a passenger’s. Even a paying one.”
The Minotaur blinked. He looked at Lasc. Then he grinned.
“Pull out your armor, then, Captain. I don’t have a set large enough for you, but take out whatever you bring for a fight. Same rules—”
“I’ll fight bare blade and as I am. A [Captain]’s dress. And for you, sir, I’ll let you put on plate and whatever armor you feel’s fitting. I’m confident enough not cut you. Say you touch me once—we’ll call it your victory.”
The Minotaur—froze. And Wil heard Feshi laugh with delight. Peki was grinning.
“You think you can take me down without a scratch?”
“It’s my ship, and we’re at sea, sir. I’d dare any man or woman on this ship the same.”
There was a look in Lasc’s eye, like a predator. And Venaz? He looked into that confident face.
And he lost his temper.
 
—-
 
