Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 37
Because they were veterans, Lulv didn’t expect or enforce silence, and he grinned along with the others.
“Our job isn’t to bail Hectval out. They started this mess; they can burn on it. Don’t let yourself get stabbed, but don’t clash hard with non-Antinium if you don’t have to.”
“Any veterans?”
A Gnoll raised her paw. Liscor’s army was a well-known outfit. Lulv shook his head.
“Only Liscor’s 4th. Our target is Antinium-only.”
“Sounds like we’ll be having a vacation. Level 15 Antinium? I thought this was a volunteer mission, not garrison duty.”
That wasn’t a comment to the group as a whole. Lulv’s ears perked up, and the Gnoll turned his head. The [Soldiers] recoiled instinctively as he grabbed his spear and pointed it.
“You. Out.”
A Drake froze as Lulv singled someone out in one of the columns.
“Sir?”
“Out. Get me a replacement. If any one of you thinks this is going to be an easy job where the hardest thing will be holding your tails out of the mud—step out now. The Antinium have deployed their newest combat unit. Free Antinium. Underestimate them and you’ll get your entire squad killed.”
The [Soldiers] went somber in a minute. Face burning, the Drake stepped out of line and retreated. Lulv went on.
“Don’t treat this like Armored Antinium. Think of this like a Twisted Antinium raid. Be prepared for anything, and if you slip up, you have something crawling out of your face. Report any oddities—and your officers will be debriefing me hourly, but report it to my face if you have to. We are not playing games here. I want those three thousand Antinium gone, and I will make sure that happens if I have to stab all three thousand myself. Since my arm gets tired, are you the [Soldiers] to back me up? Or do I have to get another group to—”
They shouted and roared too loudly for Lulv to continue. He raised his spear and nodded.
“Alright, then. Dragonspeaker Luciva is counting on us. Muster up—oh, and try not to antagonize Hectval. I don’t care what the Drakes do. If I don’t take a swing at them, you don’t.”
The cheering died down, and the [Soldiers] moved forwards to the waiting Wyverns. You needed a lot to transport even four hundred [Soldiers], but Manus was the City of War. If they needed to, they could have requisitioned [Mages] for teleportation or used horse relays.
Lulv climbed onto his Wyvern-transport, and the [Rider] shushed the unhappy creature. Shame these ones didn’t spit frost, but elemental Wyverns were notoriously even worse to train. Lulv sat back and waited. Just…waited, as the Wyvern took off. It would be a long flight, landing, forty mile march, introductions to whomever was commanding him, and then…
Then he’d see where to strike.
The [Spearmaster] waited, eyes half-closed, until it was time to move.
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
Not one level.
They said adversity built character—and also raised your level. Well, Embria feared the war wasn’t adverse enough.
…Or she had her father’s problem, and that was that she was fairly high-level in two main classes. Not as much as the Gecko of Liscor—but enough such that leading 4th Company through so many victories wasn’t enough to guarantee her levelling, even in a warzone.
Embria was a Level 28 [Spear Hunter], having leveled twice after coming back to Liscor and training with her father.
She was a Level 28 [Wing Commander] too. Double-classed, same level.
Even one of those was enough to make her close to a prized veteran in Liscor’s army. Wikir, for instance, was one of the old-guard, and he wasn’t a Level 30 [Captain].
