Interlude – Chocolate Gold
Page 3
A few more visitors stopped by before Erin’s chocolate project could get underway. And they had a similar…theme to them. The first was Jelaqua, who came from Pallass. By herself; Moore had charged up the door, but since she was going back quickly, it made no sense for him to come with.
“Chocolate? Hey, send up a [Message] and I’ll be over! My taste buds are fresh. But I’m actually going on a mission.”
“Really? You found work?”
The Selphid laughed. She was in exceptional humor of late.
“That’s right! Just a minor mission. There’s a locust swarm and guess who gets to clear it out? Adventurers! It’s well-paying, even if it sounds like it’ll be a day or two of hard work.”
“Sounds difficult. Wouldn’t it be better to get someone to burn them?”
“Probably. But you need a bit of muscle for this and a lot of the Gold-ranks are in the dungeon. So we’re handling it.”
“But tiny bugs—”
Erin wasn’t sure how it was going to work. Jelaqua slapped her forehead.
“Ah, I didn’t say. Giant locusts. Anyways, it’s not that hard. We have tactics from fighting all those damned spiders and moths. But here I am, talking about boring work—Erin, I’m just here to pay for that field of Sage’s Grass.”
Erin nearly dropped the bag of sugar she was hauling to the kitchen. Jelaqua casually placed hers there—they were bringing it up from the cellar storage, now rat-free.
“What? Jelaqua!”
The Selphid forestalled Erin’s objections.
“We heard about the Sage’s Grass plan. And look—we owe our fortunes partly to you and the Redfangs. So let us cover the door. It’s not much as adventurers count coin, and you know we can pay for it.”
Erin blinked. But in a trice, Jelaqua was handing her a slip.
“The Merchant’s Guild in Liscor will give you the money. They have a system if you put in money to them—they’ll confirm it with me, but you’ll get the gold. That’s all. Gotta run! The locusts are eating farms and animals, apparently.”
She dashed off.
The next visitor was Teliv Witherscale, whom Erin had a special connection with due to the time they overthrew a burgeoning dictatorship in Esthelm. It was this entire thing, and the [Negotiator] poked his head into the inn and stared around for a long moment before making his way over to her. Erin suspected he was looking out for Crelers, Hobgoblins, monsters, or anything else that might kill him in the next few seconds.
“Good evening, Miss Solstice! I’m on official city business. The Council’s heard about your plan to upgrade your magical door with a…field of grass? Something like that.”
Teliv rubbed his claws together, smiling at Erin as she served him a cup of tea. She stared at him.
“Does everyone know what I’m doing?”
He coughed.
“It’s wise to keep abreast of things. Anyways, Miss Erin, I understand the price of this project is concerning? Well, I am here to make you an offer. Liscor’s Council and Pallass will subsidize the costs, for a bit of negotiation in regards to the door’s usage. I hear you’re planning on using it to let [Merchants] and [Farmers] sell their goods?”
“How do you know that?”
Erin began to glare at Teliv and around the inn. He smiled politely, and Erin felt him trying to soothe her. Unfortunately, it was something like an aura-effect and this was her inn. She just glared.
“Well, Liscor sees this as a positive for the city, but since the inn has access directly to Liscor and Pallass—we may have to talk about shipment oversight. Just a [Guardsman] or two who can see it done! And if you’re charging a transportation fee, well, you are a citizen, so we can roll that into your annual taxes. Or…”
