Interlude – The Titan’s Question
Page 19
“Umina, I confess you weren’t in the light as much as Wil, but your tactics were just as brilliant. Tunneling through a septic tank? That takes bravery! Especially to be able to create sappers and use them when everything was reaching the climax of the battle! Your coolness under pressure and the ability to think far outside your opponents is what I’ve seen you grow during your time as a student. A deserved win! You managed to outpace an entire force of [Knights] and every single one of your classmates!”
“Thank you, Professor.”
He nodded.
“Now, with that said, you didn’t do it alone. What you lack, Umina, is the daring Venaz and Marian demonstrated, the willingness to take huge risks. Wil showed that too, come to that. You’re acting like a [Tactician] among [Strategists] and while that means you cut deep with surprising maneuvers, you need to develop your own authority and presence as a commander, not a squad leader.”
It was fair. Umina felt a small sting to her pride, but she knew he was right. She took a gulp from her drink. Niers did likewise as he looked from student to student.
“Those are your strengths and weaknesses. As [Strategists], you two still have something to learn. But I’d still put you against any ordinary company-level [Strategist] and expect you to win handily! Functionally, you’re both at the level of any graduate of my regular classes. What I want to see is how high you’ll get to before you graduate. And that’s me in teaching mode. Back to conversation! I just had to tell you how proud I am of your victories.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Wil’s cheeks were red again. He reached for a few dates and ate them one at a time before taking some water. Umina had already finished her cup. She fidgeted.
“Professor—can I ask…?”
“I’d be offended if you didn’t. Go on, Umina!”
“Okay then. Professor, why do you give out the right to ask a question for winning your game? Any question? Will you really answer it truthfully? What do you have to gain from something like that?”
Wil looked up. And Niers’ eyes sharpened.
“Ah, now you’re asking the questions you really want to know the answer to. Don’t worry! That wasn’t your question. And I’m happy to answer it.”
So saying, he got up and began to pace around the table. He snagged a bit of cheese as he walked past a bunch of cubes, slicing a bit off to munch and eat. He looked up at last.
“I know I shouldn’t, but I have to make it a lesson. Old habits. Tell me, what’s the purpose of a secret, you two?”
They were back in class again, only the pressure wasn’t so high. Umina sipped from her drink, thinking.
“Knowledge, Professor? A potential advantage over someone else?”
“Good. Accurate, but not what I’m looking for. Wil, your thoughts?”
“Then—trust? Safety, perhaps?”
The Titan shook his head.
“All good answers. But to me, the answer is: constancy. The purpose of secrets is to prevent change. Because the secret is kept, the world remains the same. That’s why you keep a secret. When you use it is when things change.”
His students nodded, fascinated. Niers went on, walking up a wooden slope to slice a chunk out of a banana. His sword was enchanted, but he was using it like a table knife. And a fork.
“Why do I offer a question? Well, to explain that, I’ll talk about my world. I’m second-in-command to the Forgotten Wing Company, one of the most powerful forces in all of Baleros. But not the undisputed best, yes? We have the Four Great Companies of Baleros. And, why not? Let’s throw in Jungle Tails in as well. They were a Great Company and they’re still powerful.”
