Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 3)
Page 33
The Drunken Gnoll. They were at the Drunken Gnoll. She had also stayed away from wheat for their udon.
Relc had barely touched his bowl. He felt sick. Manus’ elites led by…
“A [Spearmaster]? Are you sure? Is Embria alright?”
Jordes was speaking to Relc in confidence. The [Sergeant] shuddered.
“Know a ‘Lulv’?”
“…Fuck. What about Embria?”
“She hasn’t clashed with him—much. They stay away from each other, but she got chewed up in the first few engagements. Actually…it’s almost always the Antinium that get it. Poor guys. Squad 5 had this Soldier who…well, let’s start from the beginning.”
Relc listened to a familiar tale—only everything was different. But the bones were every war he’d ever known. Jordes kept eying him, and a Human who was flirting with the Gnoll [Servers] and striking out, Satel, looked at him.
“Are you going to enlist, Senior Guardsman? We could use a [Spearmaster]. Right guys—”
Utel kicked him under the table, and Relc stopped with a fork full of noodles.
“…No. I’m done with war. Sorry, guys.”
He waited for…condemnation? Insults? Joking, pressing that would turn ugly? Relc saw Significant Beavers glance at each other, and Satel shrugged.
“Damn. That’s fair.”
They weren’t Liscor’s army. Relc exhaled and looked at the Antinium, Gnolls, Drakes, Humans…and saw Liscor’s army. Their real army. The Drake smiled, felt at his belt pouch, and looked about.
He would not go there. Not where nightmares and death waited for him. Some part of him was always there, with 4th Company. With the men and women he had fought beside.
Yet he had left. They’d have to figure that one out too, some day. But that was an older [Soldier]’s war. Right now?
“Listen, you lucky bastards. My buddy Klbkch is coming, and when he does, you’d better pat yourselves on the asses because drinks and food are on me!”
They cheered. That was the greatest and most glorious gift any [Soldier] could get. Senior Guardsman Relc turned to Jordes.
“And in return, you can take a letter and see Embria gets it, right?”
“Yes, sir!”
The [Trusted Sergeant of the Watch] smiled. Huh. That weird chess-guy Olesm had turned out a pretty good army. In fact, he’d heard of a Crusader 51 on people’s lips.
Heroes.
It had been a long time since Liscor’s people had known the names of the [Soldiers] who fought and died for them. When had been the last time?
“Sserys, maybe. Or Zel.”
Relc rested his chin in his claws. Jordes glanced at him sidelong.
“I forgot you knew them, sir.”
“Senior Guardsman or Relc the Awesome, Jordes. I’m out of the army.”
“Right…well, I’m not calling you that. But if you had any tips—4th Company remembers that time, but an expert from the old days—any tricks to tell?”
Relc thought about it as Klbkch entered the inn, spotted Crusader 57, and the two began Medusa-ing each other across the room. Tricks like how to keep your socks clean? Or formations? He realized there was one thing that he could teach the army. Relc looked around.
“Relc? Is that Relc? I saw you coming in, but all the Gnolls were here and—”
Selys burst into the inn. Relc grinned. Jordes raised his brows.
“Gnolls?”
He didn’t know about Cellidel. Which reminded Relc.
“Actually, you’re in luck, Jordes. You can bring more than just a letter back to Embria. We had an escort on the way to Liscor. Which means the other two might be reaching your lines about now.”
The Drakes’ eyes went round, and a cheer rose from Jordes as the [Soldiers] looked at him. But Relc was waving Selys over.
