Interlude – Burning Alcohol
Page 2
Bird, who had rediscovered childhood, being silly, learning how to cry. If he could do that, then Erin was embarrassed not to try. So she walked into her kitchen.
“Morning, Lyonette.”
The [Princess] stared at Erin as the [Innkeeper] found a bowl of grains and poured milk into it. Cereal. Sometimes you needed a basic food.
“Good morning. You have grass in your hair, Erin.”
“Grass beds are the best beds. Prove me wrong.”
Mrsha grinned. She stood on the high stool and gave Erin a hug. The [Innkeeper] smiled. She ate her cereal. And began doing the hard things.
 
—-
 
“…five hundred and fifty, five hundred and seventy five, six hundred.”
Erin counted the gold onto the table. The stacks of gold coins shone in the morning light. Wailant stared. He looked at Erin. So did his wife, raising her brows over her morning drink. And yes, it was wine. The Stronghearts were weird like that.
They were not in The Wandering Inn. They were in fact, in the Strongheart farmhouse. Erin had visited. She had not kicked in the door, or been invited. She had politely gone through the door, knocked at a reasonable hour in the morning, and asked if Wailant could spare her a moment of his time.
Numbtongue had not been involved. Nor had some calamity of great fortune or misfortune impelled Erin to this spot. Again, she’d walked. It had taken about two minutes, since Erin had had to wait for a crowd coming through from Esthelm; they were beginning to fill the Celum regulars’ spots. Speaking of which, Erin had gotten a lot of sad messages from people who were really, genuinely upset their favorite inn had gone. She had added it to her list.
Back to Wailant. The former [Pirate] looked at the neat clusters of twenty-five Erin had counted out. He blinked at Erin.
“That’s an awfully timely payment, Miss Solstice.”
“Well, I thought that since I already paid the advance, I should do the rest without having it hang over my head, right? And I have the money. Can I assume that’s everything?”
Wailant exchanged a glance with his wife. She nodded.
“Yes, Miss Solstice. Would you like us to clear the contract between us?”
She meant destroy the magically binding agreement that Erin had signed. Erin nodded.
“That’d be great, thanks. I mean, if you have time.”
She smiled slightly at Viceria. The [Green Mage] nodded her head towards the back rooms.
“I’ll go get it. One moment.”
“I wasn’t going to hold your feet over a barrel of biter eels, Miss Solstice. I don’t know what you thought or heard, but that was just a sensible formality. You had all the time to pay this. My girl likes your inn. It’s not bad in my books myself. If this is because of my class or personality—”
The [Farmer] protested, looking a bit upset. Erin shook her head. She smiled, in a way that made Wailant relax. Mostly because it was genuine.
“No, it’s fine. I just wanted to make sure I got it done. You know? Get ahead of myself.”
Wailant nodded slowly. He eyed the gold coins, and then swept them into a bag of holding.
“Mind if I ask how you got it so quick? Your [Head Barmaid] or whatever, Lyon, said it might take a while.”
Erin had forgotten Lyonette was using ‘Lyon’ as a slight attempt to mask her identity. She laughed a bit, remembering a certain jerk who’d bothered her by using the nickname.
“Actually, we took the money from the Halfseekers. Which is why I’m sending a chocolate cake with a heart drawn in jam through to Maughin. He can surprise Jelaqua with it. Ulinde, Moore, and Seborn will get some specialty food too, when they get back from their thing with the locusts. Just a thank-you.”
