Interlude – Rufel
Page 4
Selys glowered. Pisces pretended to be fascinated with the play going on stage. At last, he coughed and looked back at Selys.
“I apologize, Selys. I didn’t think my involvement would be that—welcome, given the Gnoll campaign. If it matters, I would imagine Miss Silverfang has a good chance of seizing victory. And I do believe at least two of your candidates will win in other districts. Based on pure observation, it seems incredibly doubtful that Elirr or [Armorer] Raekea would lose.”
“You think so?”
Selys looked up eagerly. So did Rufelt—he had a paw in this election after all. Pisces nodded, sipping from his drink and straightening in his chair.
“I did survey the streets discretely—”
“You mean, invisibly.”
“—discretely the last few days. Given the general distributions of the districts in the election, Both Elirr and Miss Raekea occupy Gnoll-heavy districts. And they are substantially popular among Drakes as well; it leads me to be quite certain of their victory. Of course, ironically, Miss Krshia herself has a lower chance in her district. I cannot think what she was intending when she drew up the divisions for each area.”
“She wanted it to be fair. She could have let herself win, but this way each member of the Council will represent a part of the city.”
“Hm. Fair, I suppose. But she could have ah, excluded the Servail Street and removed, oh, about four hundred Drake voters, for instance…”
“But that’s cheating, Pisces.”
“Call it being strategic. For instance, if Miss Krshia had done that, she could have foisted the Drake voters on a district she would have lost—”
“Cheating.”
“But if she had—it’s just a matter of adjusting limits. Surely you’d agree that your presence and funding affected the campaign.”
“Well the Walled Cities and every Drake with half a gold coin were giving Lism help—”
“My point stands. If you wanted a fair election, the presence of money in any form wouldn’t be germane to conducting a fair election. As it stands, I’m just offering a suggestion that if taken…”
“[Barkeep]! Can I get some wine?”
Rufelt looked up, passed some high-quality wine from his stocks to the Gnoll waving at him, and then had to do a bunch of refills as the first drinkers came back for something stronger. When he returned, he found the two sitting and discussing something else.
“I haven’t had any reports. And your little Bone Horror rats have killed a number of nests. Not that the current Council asked. But I imagine Olesm would pay you to keep it up another month.”
“Ah yes, they have killed quite a few nests. I understand they ran into difficulties at two points; I recalled them and noticed some battle damage. I believe they ran into acid fly nests, but the current iteration of Bone Horrors you suggested are quite nimble.”
Rufelt stared. Bone Horrors? Selys was nodding as if it weren’t even an issue, though. She paused as she sipped at her half-finished drink.
“So they’re doing well. And I hear you sit in your room all day. While this morning I heard Ceria was being boiled in a bathtub to train. So. Out with it. I know you’re dying to tell someone.”
“Ah. Well, if you insist, I could talk about some of my experimentation. It hasn’t all been on Bone Horrors, you know. I’ve more or less solidified their designs. The ah, Warbear form is most effective. At the moment, I’m experimenting with a hypothetical skeleton soldier build.”
Pisces looked pleased as he attempted to gesture and began to draw in the air. Rufelt stared at the illustrations. Selys just raised a brow.
