Interlude – Luan the Gian
Page 19
“Are you sure I can’t send a spell?”
Luan panted as he worked out. Ekrn shook his head.
“No [Message] spells, no scrying. Sorry. We don’t make exceptions for Tallguard; longcalls are for Paeth only.”
The problem was, apparently, those spells were all banned around Fraerling settlements. They could be intercepted or ‘hacked’, which was somewhat worrying news to Luan. Fraerlings thus had a harder time communicating and relied on messengers, ironically like his class. The Tallguard handled that.
Longcalls were interesting too. They were huge metal tubes which Fraerlings could speak into. Much like a kid’s toy—only, magic sent the voice flawlessly to the other end. As for how they delivered city-to-city—it wasn’t by foot.
More Tallguard had arrived over the week, ostensibly just as security for the ‘Giant’ in case he drew more monsters. Luan had seen them arrive; a pack of non-descript, brown or green birds had fluttered in.
No cardinals, no blue jays—no attractive colors for hunting birds. The Tallguard’s flying mounts were drab, ordinary—and the Fraerlings rode the birds! It was still dangerous, but this group of Feiland’s patrols had been summoned by Ekrn.
It was as Luan was finishing up that Ekrn barked to the Fraerling audience.
“Alright, clear off! Enough staring at the Human—get to your posts or get lost! Luan, stink bomb the place for me so these idiots stop loitering.”
He meant fart, which could clear every Fraerling in a dozen feet away if Luan did it. The man did not, as he was already embarrassed by the few giant-class things he’d done, like blow his nose; a horrifying sight for Noa and her friends.
“Sentry Leader here. Give us some privacy, would you?”
Ekrn found a [Mage] and Luan sat in his ‘house’, which was a very small shack, albeit with a door and tiny air holes so that even mosquitos wouldn’t find their way in. It had no cooling spells, so he usually kept out, but Ekrn wanted a word. The Sentry Leader waited until a silencing spell was cast, then hopped up onto a ledge by Luan’s head at sitting-height.
“How can I help you, Ekrn? Need something?”
The Fraerling man took his time adjusting his bandolier of crossbow bolts. He sat back, sighing, and looked at Luan.
“I wanted to talk, Luan Khumalo. Man-to-man. As Tallguard—and as someone who’s seen more of the world than most Inners—or even Noa. At this point, I’m pretty sure the Architects are going to want to let you go, with some kind of privacy spell.”
That was good news. Yet Luan waited. Ekrn didn’t want to talk to him about that. He stared up at the ceiling.
“—Even if you go, though, the damage is done. That idiot, Noa, the others who keep talking to you—you’re going to kill them.”
“How? That’s a bold claim.”
The Sentry Leader glanced at Luan.
“You think so? Consider this, Luan. They’ve talked to you. You’re the friendly, amazing giant that everyone loves. You can bring back an entire cluster of bananas with one hand! Amazing! Imagine what the rest of the world might be like! You know what they’re going to do, don’t you?”
“Leave the Fraerling settlements?”
Ekrn sighed.
“Yep. Do you know how many books of the Titan’s stories are being reprinted at this moment? How many children are saying they want to join the Tallguard, and then see the world?”
“I…understand the danger. But how will I get them killed?”
The small man fixed Luan with a keen stare.
