Interlude – Bird
Page 0

(This story is on break until January 8th for Patreon readers, and January 11th for Public readers!)
 
It was a fated encounter, if you believed in fate. If you didn’t, it was still fated because Bird was Bird and there were only so many times Erin could distract him with a plate of hot fried duck, or an egg sunny side up. It so happened that the fated day in question was when Bevussa Slenderscale had stopped by Erin’s inn for another round of negotiations with the Halfseekers.
It wasn’t something the Garuda looked forwards to, so she’d ordered a dark lager of whatever Erin had on tap to take the edge off. The request had stumped Erin and she’d gone behind the counter to stare at kegs while Bevussa waited. The Garuda tapped the table, wondering when Jelaqua would appear and they could begin haggling. Apparently the Selphid was out and about Liscor, and Bevussa intended to drink until she came back.
Sparingly. Negotiations between Gold-rank Captains were a tricky affair and Bevussa needed a clear head, especially since alcohol ran through Garudas a lot faster than other races. Selphids were champions at digesting alcohol unfortunately, so Jelaqua could drink all she wanted and only get drunk if she chose. But Bevussa needed some kind of relief.
“Everyone’s so damn tense about what artifacts they’re going to get. And how much gold. I’m losing feathers over this, and I’m certain our team’s actually going to get an artifact.”
Bevussa complained to Erin as she sat at the table. She heard a muffled voice.
“Uh huh. It’s tough to negotiate?”
“Yes! I don’t know how Jelaqua is so calm about it all of a sudden. Now she’s playing hard—it’s like she’s not even worried about the gold! Something’s happened with her. And Griffon Hunt. Do you know anything about it?”
“About…what?”
“The way Jelaqua’s acting—”
The Garuda raised her voice and then gave up. No one was in the inn at midday—Erin’s inn still seemed to only have a rush around dinner, when the Players of Celum stopped by. Or maybe everyone was in Celum, experiencing the sunshine. She grumbled to herself instead.
“Everyone gets upset! And you can’t argue with Keldrass when he’s pissed—he just smokes you out! I know Jelaqua’s after the armor, but I was hoping she’d withdraw her claim on the light-spelled shortsword. Hey, do you have a lager? I can get another drink if you’re out!”
“Um…I think so! What color is a dark lager supposed to be? Purple?”
“Purple? No, it’ll be dark brown, blackish! Do you have a purple beer back there?”
“Well, the light’s not so good—maybe?”
“Can I try it?”
“Sure—ow! Hold on, let me get a mug!”
Bevussa sat back as she heard Erin bang about. She glanced towards both doors surreptitiously, but Jelaqua didn’t magically appear. Bevussa sighed, drummed her talons on the table, and then turned her head. She saw an Antinium Worker’s face two inches from her own.
“Hello, I am Bird.”
“Ancestors save me!”
Bevussa shouted and nearly fell out of her chair. She flapped her wings to keep her balance and heard Erin exclaim.
“What? What’s happening? Ow!”
There was a thump as Erin smacked her head on the bar’s counter. Bevussa leaned back in her chair. Bird hadn’t moved.
“Hello, I am Bird.”
Bevussa cleared her throat.
“Hello?”
Bird nodded.
“Hello. You are a bird, yes?”
The Garuda stared at him. Then she turned her head.
“Uh, Erin? Your Antinium Worker is saying hi to me. And he’s asking if I’m a bird.”
“Oh no. Bird!”
Erin shot up from behind the counter. She waved the mug in her hands frantically.
“Put down the bow! Don’t shoot—oh good.”
