Interlude – Hectval (Pt. 1)
Page 33
He didn’t know the numbers, and he didn’t see the strategy at play. What Crusader 51 saw and heard were Drakes and Tersk’s orders.
“Antinium! Get them!”
“They’re wearing armor—don’t waver! That one’s a Prognugator! Get—”
“Traitors! You Lizardfolk traitors! Antinium and—”
They were angry. The forces of the Hectval alliance shouted insults and raged at their counterparts, but they were also afraid.
Afraid of the Antinium. This was the first time they met the [Crusaders] en masse, and that was when they experienced what their forces had felt before.
[Combined Skill: Wrath of the Righteous].
Suffer. Perish.
The sky. The sky!
Anger.
Voices that echoed in your head, in your very soul, that you couldn’t drown out. Voices from a group that had no tongues. What terrified the Drakes and Gnolls more, perhaps, was how the [Crusaders] expressed their fury. No great oaths, no litany of curses.
Just…
That. Crusader 51 saw Drakes go pale, back up, and run, even when they weren’t losing in the first few encounters. Even Drisshia’s heavy infantry did not want to fight the Antinium. A Drake would block a sword thrust—and the second dagger would bounce off their armor, slash, catch their weapon on a shield, open their mouth to call for help—and see a crossbow aimed at their face from the fourth arm at point-blank range.
 
——
 
Battalion 1 got their moment in the sun after that battle. And their name.
“They melted through their opponents. Acid Jars. That’s what we’ll call them. Acid Jars.”
Olesm excitedly commended Battalion 1 in the aftermath, along with three other groups. He had elected, given that there were four main divisions in his forces, to commend four battalions per day, one under each main commander.
The Acid Jars got their first meal of food, and it did not disappoint. Crusader 51 had never had the goat’s cheese and salsa before, yet he thought that when he took a bite of the loaded potato—it would have never tasted as good if it weren’t Battalion 1’s triumph.
He saw the other [Crusaders] watching him and almost went to share.
Almost. Then he remembered that Crab Battalion had eaten twice and not shared, so he did not.
A strange thing passed over Crusader 51 after that meal. He had never felt…hungry…after eating. Nor was he now, since the half-ration was in addition to his regular nutrients. But he wanted more. He wanted another day of victory.
 
[Crusader Level 9!]
[Skill – Enhanced Edge obtained!]
[Skill – Resistance: Sleep obtained!]
 
All was well. Crusader 51 woke up on the fourteenth day excited for battle.
Then Crusader 50 died. Crusader 51 wondered if his shield hadn’t been high enough. H-had it been his fault? Maybe he had moved out of line trying to kill more opponents so Battalion 1 would be commended again.
Battalion 4 got their first commendation and a nickname—Razorbeaks—that day. Crusader 51 didn’t care. He sat in his squad of nine and looked at the others. He looked left, and the [Crusader] who had stood in front of him and knelt before Pawn was gone.
Gone.
Soldiers died, but Crusader 50 had been…Crusader 50. Crusader 51 hadn’t known him to do anything iconic. He hadn’t been in Calruz’s class. But he’d been there. Somehow, Crusader 51 had forgotten, with his armor and the sky and everything else, that they could still die.
 
 
 
 
Embria, [Wing Commander]
 
Dear Dad,
 
We’re in the soup now. You know how it is. Though we never talked about it. Everyone told me that Sergeant Relc, the Gecko, always laughed going into it. That he would charge in and come out whistling and telling dumb jokes.
