Interlude – Embria
Page 19
A note of heat entered Embria’s tone. Relc’s was already as hot as the fireplace. It wasn’t that this was coming out of the blue. It was continuing a discussion—an argument—a quarrel, that they’d had week after week. Both knew what was coming. Both couldn’t stop it.
“It is for me. I’m never going back. Stop suggesting it. Why do you keep wanting me to, anyways? It’s not like I was ever more than a [Sergeant]. That’s nothing in our army.”
“You weren’t just a [Sergeant] and you know it. If you asked—”
“They’d welcome me with a huge banquet and give me a crown? Fat chance. You think it’s great being in the army? Who’s got you marching up and down for Lism, huh? Fun job, that.”
Relc slowly drained his cup. Embria pushed hers back.
“I won’t have you insulting my home. The Antinium deal is idiotic and you know it. Liscor needs to make the right choice—”
A claw cracked the pewter cup.
“What would you know about the right choice? You haven’t been back in years! The army doesn’t know what Liscor wants or needs! And you don’t know the Antinium!”
“I know more about the Antinium than anyone in this city! You’re mad if you think they can be trusted, and that includes your so-called partner!”
Embria raised her voice. No—it had been risen. Relc stood up amid the localized silence. He pushed his chair back, tossed the shards of the mug onto the table, and glanced to one side.
“Sorry about that, Erin. I’m going to the outhouse.”
He turned and walked out of the inn. Embria looked to one side and saw that everyone was staring at her and her father. Including the young woman sitting at another table, feeding a Gnoll bite-sized morsels of pizza. Embria colored. But Erin Solstice came over. She stared at the shards of the mug on the table.
“Huh. He drank everything before cracking the mug. Cool, cool. I can respect that. Uh…hi. Embria, right?”
“That’s right. You’re Erin Solstice. We’ve met.”
Embria recalled their first meeting. So did Erin. The [Innkeeper]’s mouth twisted slightly, but then she looked over at Relc’s place.
“Um…so. Relc’s your dad.”
Embria sighed. She was already predicting the flow of this conversation.
“That’s right. He is. I know he’s…young. Compared to how old I am, at least. He was young when he joined the army. And my mother—I’m sorry about the shouting.”
Erin waved a hand.
“Don’t worry. ‘S cool. There’s been a lot of shouting all day. And screaming. And fire. People are really upset about the election thing, right?”
“That’s only part of the issue.”
The Wing Commander was glad it was hard to tell when she was flushing. She picked at her last slice of pizza. Erin studied it.
“Yeah. I gathered. Well, I don’t know the whole thing about the army and so on, but I know Relc. So—my condolences. Want another pizza? Or a burger? On the house. We also have alcohol. Dark lager.”
She waggled her eyebrows. Embria looked up sharply.
“What do you mean, my condolences.”
Erin raised her palms innocently.
“Oh, nothing. Nothing…but he is Relc. He can sort of be a jerk without trying sometimes. And he’s a goof—he makes mistakes, he’s rude, unhygienic…I can see how it’s hard. Y’know?”
She gave Embria what might have been meant to be a commiserating look. It failed. Embria controlled her temper, which had sparked up in her gut. She fixed Erin with a stare.
