Interlude – Foliana
Page 20
He was speaking to Venaz, but he dropped his quill when he saw Foliana.
“Is—ah—Three-Color—Lady Foliana?”
He stuttered, backing up. Foliana put a paw to her lips as she hopped off Marian’s back.
“Secret. Mm. No one knows I’m here.”
She glanced up corridor behind the [Receptionist]. They led into a number of side corridors. There was also a second floor. Umina heard nothing, which meant the walls were soundproof. Everyone watched as Foliana pulled something out of her bag of holding.
A jam biscuit. She nibbled it, paused, and nodded. She looked at the Lizardman at the desk.
“No one knows I’m here. So. Shh.”
“Y—of course! Lady Stalker, it is an honor to have you here. I’ll inform the manager at once—”
The [Receptionist] stuttered. He froze as Foliana held up another paw.
“No.”
“No?”
“No. We want a room. So they can all have sex. Or something. Mm. Maybe have sex. Witness professionals.”
The Lizardman’s mouth moved. He opened his neck-frills slightly, glancing at Venaz. The Minotaur shrugged.
“As Lady Stalker says.”
“W-well, we can open a room. For Lady Stalker, anything! A…private setting? With males and females for…”
He counted.
“Eight? I’ll see to it.”
“Mm. Good.”
Foliana nodded. She was fishing in Wil’s bag of holding. The young [Lord] jerked back when he realized, but Foliana already had a few salted crackers. She began munching on them as the [Receptionist] consulted his ledger.
“I—I’ll see to it at once. It won’t be a moment! If the illustrious company will wait?”
He looked around. The students stared back; Kissilt was nodding, grinning, and Yerranola was chortling with amusement. Foliana stopped the Lizardman as he tried to back away towards one of the rooms. He froze as she fixed him with a stare, reappearing next to him.
“Shh. No telling. Just guests. Seven students. And no female Nagas. Mm. Jiggle too much.”
The Lizardman’s mouth worked. Marian’s jaw dropped. The [Receptionist] actually looked relieved, though.
“Of course. We have all manner of employees, if Lady Stalker had any other preferences in gender, species…?”
“No. Female. Nagas.”
She poked him, emphasizing each word. The [Receptionist] nodded and hurried off. The students stared as Foliana sat down on the rich hardwood floor and kept nibbling her crackers. At last, Marian snapped her fingers. She leaned down to Umina and Feshi and whispered.
“Do you think Lady Foliana just wants to visit a brothel and dragged us along?”
“I don’t know why I’m here.”
Umina groaned. Feshi shrugged. She was watching Foliana.
“Merrik, he would love this, yes? Let’s just go along, Umina. It will be a story to tell.”
The other students agreed. They looked at each other, most apprehensively. Yerranola was rubbing her hands together.
“This is going to be hilarious.”
Kissilt clearly agreed. But then he nodded at the [Receptionist], who was hurrying back and gesturing towards them.
“I’m just glad there aren’t female Nagas. I’m not interested, thanks.”
The [Receptionist] and Umina glared at Kissilt. He smirked at them and tripped on Foliana’s extended foot.
 
—-
 
Another thing Umina learned in her time in the brothel was that there were all kinds of…brothels. Some were simple, and to the point. You went in, you paid for sex, and you went out. There were all kinds of reasons why you’d do that—and why you wouldn’t. Venaz was listing them off as the party waited in a very pleasant room for their escorts to arrive.
“It can spread diseases. It promotes crime. It’s not an honorable profession—”
“Oh, get stuffed, Venaz. Don’t be a prude.”
