Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 27
Hrome was just…boring. He had allowed Leciaun, but he was less provocative. This was his business, and he still admired Pisces, somehow.
Riqre’ma Medaale? He was true evil and insanity. Such that within the first minutes of him, Pisces saw it.
“Friends! You have come to join our procession to Roshal? Of course you will be safe, and with such valuable merchandise!”
The Stitch-Man beamed so widely that Pisces thought he was putting on an air. Igheriz and Hrome clasped arms, smiling.
Emir Riqre had the largest caravan, rich beyond belief. While he had no Djinni and admired Igheriz for that, he had nearly four hundred [Guards], and even more slaves.
Even [Slaves] who watched their own kind. His people were armed with magical weapons and one look at his caravan and Pisces realized that no [Bandits] would free him. Even if there were thousands in a gang, they would be spotted far off and Azam and this Riqre had the forces to repel any attack short of an actual army.
Igheriz was beaming, but only for a moment. Because his smile flickered as he saw something behind Riqre that gave him pause.
“Emir Riqre’ma. What is…that?”
The two caravans, [Slaves], all looked over and fell silent. But it was Azam, the great Djinni, who slowly turned his head. And that—Pisces saw the Djinni frown.
Behind the Emir Riqre were two…men. Pisces thought they were men. Or had been men.
Hemp-caste Stitchfolk. They wore [Slave]’s collars, and they were tightly bound in metal, being carted around behind the Emir on wagons of their own. That was the—the fact.
What was wrong was everything else. They were naked, but Pisces hadn’t realized that at first. They had wild eyes. Bigger…eyes…than they should be.
Their skin was hard, even leathery from time in the sun, but unnaturally tough. Even the most sunburnt skin in the world would not turn into that. They had…claws.
Claws, almost like a Ghoul’s. And their faces. Pisces had seen undeath change bodies. He had seen how it turned corpses into Crypt Lords. But these men were alive. Their faces had changed.
Huge jaws, mouths of rows of teeth. They looked like monsters. But they were men.
“Ah. You mean my [Carrion Eaters]? Igheriz, you catch me out! They are my special bodyguards, my special people, you see? I would not have let you get within eyeshot of them, but I wished to see this Pisces who is worth so much! You must keep it between us. Roshal frowns on such things.”
The Emir laughed lightly, but his [Guards] looked at Igheriz. The [Slave Master] looked back at Pisces. The [Necromancer] saw him lick his lips.
What did even a [Slaver] fear in depravity and misery? Emir Riqre had gone deep. Deeper than even men like Igheriz dared. And that was horrific enough in Erin’s world. In this?
Those depths answered him.
 
—-
 
Emir Riqre was mad. So mad that Igheriz actually consulted with Hrome about leaving, but the danger to his caravan—not to mention Riqre’s insistence they visit his lands before going to Roshal—could not be ignored.
“He keeps those classes out in the open for all to see! How has not one of Roshal known or dealt with him?”
Igheriz whispered hotly to Hrome, pretending to ride next to Pisces and inspect him. The result of course, was that Pisces could hear, despite the bubble of [Silence] they’d made just large enough to envelop him.
“I do not know, Igheriz. He is a powerful man. Must we tell Roshal?”
Igheriz reached out and hissed at the younger [Slave Trader].
“This goes beyond preference, Hrome. He has—classes—that should not exist. Not without regulation. Perhaps he has the right, but I do not think—”
