Interlude – The Innkeeper’s [Knight]
Page 7
The reason why Wilovan and Ratici were here was because their job had yet to end. And they were watching the door. Because they didn’t think the Guild of Assassins were going to take this lying down.
In fact, they had rooms, and some good fellows were keeping an eye on Invrisil’s side. Similarly—they were reassured by the presence of a [Strategist], the Earl…even off-duty [Guards] and people like Menolit, who was a [Veteran].
What was very interesting though was…The Wandering Inn had no lack of notable guests. Normally, the cycle went in ebbs and flows. Something weird or astonishing happened, like the advent of pizza and the inn filled. Then…after all the excitement, it emptied for a while.
Breathing room. But after the battle for Invrisil, the ebb had never occurred. The inn was crowded. The [Innkeeper]—no, the entire building, the place, the landmark—was becoming a place where you went, rain or shine.
And speaking of rain…Earl Altestiel himself was a face that put even the Faces to shame. A name far larger than Lord Alman of House Whatever.
Chaldion had made an appearance only yesterday, Grimalkin was re-invited although he had only come to check on the weights room lists…
It was not only the Titan of Baleros who took note. Although certainly, Wilovan and Ratici represented his will and eyes in the inn. But he had let the moment pass him by. His visit was beyond due. Yet if you didn’t strike while the iron was hot…
“Pelt! Come on in! Come on in! What’s the occasion?”
Erin was greeting the Dwarf. He stumped into the inn.
“Don’t make a fuss. I’m just here to consult with Kevin. What’s the first order? Also—ale. Make it three mugs. What do you want, Kevin?”
Look at the bustle! Kevin spread out his designs and the list of orders. After much deliberation and infighting—Khelt was still on top.
“We need six bikes. Not all the same model…take a look at my off-road designs. Can you make…?”
“Do I look like an amateur? I have steel! I have stockpiles of good metal! Give me the numbers. Where’s my ale?”
Fierre was running over numbers in her head. Liscor or Invrisil? Or Pallass? …No. But how much was a lease on a small place if she—?
Palt was trotting back downstairs, carefully, as a cloud of darkness enveloped the second floor. Hexel had cause to complain about it—he was on his day off!
It seemed like one of those days. Erin was telling Silveran to check for Hedault if Pelt was here. She really should have been checking the metaphorical windows.
A storm was coming.
“Save me a game, Belgrade!”
The [Innkeeper] called out to the Antinium. She saw more people waving for her, but noticed Altestiel first. The Earl had waited for her to be free.
“Oh—hey, Altestiel.”
“Earl!”
Kiish whisper-howled. Erin ignored that since Altestiel never seemed bothered, even pleased by the title.
“Thanks for being so cool about the ketchup. Are you here for anything? Can I get…someone else to get you something?”
She saw him smile at that. Altestiel’s hair—purple and silver, his yellow eyes—not to mention his ghost green-white cloth armor mixed with the light cherry pink of the sigil of Desonis were a striking combination. He seemed at ease in the inn’s humble chairs as he might be in royal comfort.
And he was an Earl. She knew Ilvriss had been the same, but his…rank was more apparent to her now. She had more of a sense of his level, and power.
And here he sat. The Earl looked around the inn and nodded.
“I’d be delighted to play a game of chess if you had time, Miss Solstice. As ever.”
“Of course! I’m always up for chess!”
