Interlude – Saliss the Adventurer
Page 38
[Combination Attack: Lightning Tempest]. It was rare for someone to be able to pull a combination Skill off by themselves. But this was a bit different.
Saliss was rewarded by a bolt of lightning hitting the huge Centenium midair, and countless more striking the huge shape. At the same time, multiple Potions of Fireblast hammered the Antinium from all sides. [Delayed Throw], [Curved Arc], and so on were your friends for that trick.
The impact threw Mivifa, but Saliss spotted her climbing higher. And Wrymvr the Deathless?
“Damn.”
The Centenium had hit the ground hard. But it seemed only stunned. It looked around as Saliss watched.
Same as last time. That same Skill had made the Greater Wyvern blink at least. Saliss jogged away as the Antinium around Wrymvr rushed forwards, creating a shield.
Adventurers were nice and protected. But the Antinium were assaulting from all sides. Saliss flicked a claw. You didn’t have to speak Skills. He had no idea why people did it, then. Just to show off?
[Remote Explosion]. The bottles he’d tossed on the ground began to detonate, blowing the encircling Antinium to bits. They might be fast—but even led by Queens, regular Antinium couldn’t dodge an exploding cask packed with bits of iron and propelled by a fiery explosion.
The adventurers were shouting—but fighting on as the Antinium milled about then refocused. That idiot, Sixswords, was shouting for Saliss.
Meanwhile, the [Alchemist], Saliss of Lights, peered at Wrymvr from behind a stunted tree on the edge of the Hivelands. Let’s see now…
The Centenium was shaking itself, casting around for him. The damn bastard. He didn’t even look hurt. Just a bit stunned and wary. Credit to the Gold-rank teams; they were throwing up every barrier they had, as if it was an Adult Creler. And sure enough, Wrymvr surged forwards, crashing through two walls of thick steel.
Saliss hurled a potion. The little bottle arced up, up, and down. It struck Wrymvr as he tore at a [Threefold Barrier] spell and reduced it to shreds. Saliss saw a little crack of splintering glass in the darkness with his night vision…
Instantly, the Centenium whirled. Saliss saw smoke rising from the top of the Centenium’s body, where the liquid had struck. He frowned. It was smoking, smoking, which was what you wanted to see—then after six seconds, the acid stopped dissolving the carapace.
Stitch my smile, what the hell was that? That was his most potent acid, three times as strong as when he’d met the Centenium the first time. He knew he could burn the thing’s outer shell! But his best acid…
Saliss tossed a few more bottles as he thought. He saw them curve up and down, landing in impossible arcs among the Antinium. They had no idea where they were coming from; the bottles detonated and broke up the attack on the adventurers. The Antinium cast around for Saliss, but they didn’t attack him as he watched Wrymvr trying to do the same.
Incidentally, Saliss was [Invisible] at the moment. Not just invisible, but rather chilly too. His scales were coated with a gel that suppressed his body’s heat. One of the scent-destroying potions that Gnolls loved…
He’d applied it instantly, the moment he’d realized the Twisted Antinium were here. If it hadn’t been for the two Centenium, and Wrymvr especially, Saliss would have just gone out potions blazing and blown up everything in a mile’s radius.
But it hadn’t worked the last time they’d met. Saliss glared at Wrymvr. Did it think like Bird? Was it a person like Erin’s Antinium?
Did it remember—
 
—-
 
