Interlude – Pisces (Revised)
Page 35
Feren murmured to the fascinated Pisces, who wanted to put his hands to the arm and see what Gewilena was doing. The young man nodded, but Gewilena rolled her eyes.
“Don’t start, Feren. I need to focus. And will someone please…”
He had learned to heal from her, but Feren was right; Pisces seldom used that talent. Yet that was how he had reunited with Ceria, and met the original Horns of Hammerad, wasn’t it? He’d been healing a Runner that they had brought to him, with a shattered leg, who might never walk again.
Ryoka Griffin…back when it all began.
Meritha rose to her feet, unsteadily at first, after Pisces was done. The [Necromancer] caught her arm.
“Don’t strain the bones. They’re tender. She needs to rest.”
He was tired, but Riqre applauded and his entire caravan gave Pisces a standing ovation.
“Magnificent! And so quickly done too! Pisces, you must be an expert at this. You have done it before!”
“A few times. You took a risk. Many [Necromancers] couldn’t have done as well as I did. All but two of the ones I have known would have struggled.”
No, three if you counted Az’kerash. Could he…? Of course he could. Pisces was far more adept thanks to Gewilena’s teachings, and Ryoka’s bones had been far worse than this [Slave]’s.
Riqre just shrugged.
“I trusted a Gold-rank [Necromancer] had the talent. Much less a specialist in bones such as yourself, Pisces. How do you feel? You acknowledge that was some work, yes? At your level…well, it might take a while. Level 38. Marvelous. You are closer to Named Adventurer than not, surely. It might take a hundred such healings to level. Perhaps a thousand.”
Igheriz stared at Riqre, then at Pisces. Hrome looked thunderstruck. Riqre just smiled wider, reading Pisces’ class.
“Thank you for the experience, Emir Riqre. Am I done, then? I consider it a token of your investment in me, as you said.”
Pisces replied icily, but he was grateful it had ended merely at that. Riqre snorted.
“Pisces. Pisces. I said I would help you. Who but levels without a challenge? My servants! I shall spend a night with brave Meritha and spoil her for her deeds! Who else will bravely volunteer and receive their rewards?”
He turned and his [Slaves] rushed forwards. Pisces stared at Riqre. Then the bone-breaking and healing truly began.
 
—-
 
Six broken limbs. Six healings. Pisces had to have two mana potions, high-quality ones, but each [Slave] walked away with tender limbs–but healed ones.
“I can see what you mean, Emir Riqre. It is an investment of time and coin, and a risk, yet you are truly wise. If he levelled but once…what a fool I was to sell him!”
Igheriz exclaimed as Pisces worked. The [Necromancer] listened, but had to devote his mind to picking out bone in flesh, mending it, applying healing potion now and then.
The risk of infection was real, and one of the [Slaves] had looked in horror as some kind of infection appeared from the first drops. Lines of red and pus, crawling up her arm before Pisces knocked the flask away.
Riqre had instantly told her to see a [Healer], promising to praise her once the infection was halted.
It was a risk, but Riqre had the resources and people…yet only someone like him would even dream of this way of ‘levelling’ Pisces.
“We find ways to level efficiently, Igheriz. I may share some more secrets of classes. This is the kind of thing you will learn if you rise—and I am sure you will! Secrets the likes of which royalty hoard.”
Riqre was grandly munificent, but he was not even done. After the sixth healing, he did not call for another volunteer. Pisces wiped sweat from his brow.
