Interlude – Conversations
Page 7
“We know. But it is nice to feel better, Visophecin. I know it must be something—good humors, if they existed. Perhaps it’s that lad Tored. He put a spark in me, but I really feel better. Perhaps there’s a project in Ailendamus that’s boosting the mana?”
“Not that I know of. I will ask. Tell me if you continue to feel better next month.”
“Of course. Of course. And bring this young woman here! Visophecin is minded to seduce her, Razia.”
The other immortal laughed as Visophecin sighed.
“We shall all flirt with her. If that’s what she wants. But Visophecin? I thought the only mortal that could ever conceivably catch his eye would be someone like Tulm the Mithril. Or Magnolia Reinhart.”
“I am pleased to see you are in high spirits. Should I purchase a new Sariant Lamb?”
“Visophecin! But perhaps you will find a [Chef] who can make more of that gelato? Oh, and soccer. Could you even hire that [Football Coach]? It would benefit Ailendamus. While I have you—bicycles, Visophecin. When are they arriving? I promised the children and the adults they would all get to ride one. Also, do we have room in the budget for a camel in the stables? Just one! Or three. Have you seen the documentary…”
The Devil walked his home, in the company of his fair cousins. He would never understand them, not completely. But he could appreciate them. For them, he had taken them all to Ailendamus.
This would be his kingdom. This place would be safe, until the end of time. Until his ambitions came crashing down. And if he had to see it all end, he would stand here, with a flaming sword in hand, at the doorway.
Until the end, the last of the two species lived and waited in the world’s twilight.
 
——
 
The things the Wind Runner did. She had won herself an audience because she charmed immortals. She struggled, because they were not alike at all except in the most fundamental part of their nature, and even then…
But she did find a way to charm them. Perhaps it was because she liked them.
She thought she was clever. Well, she might have designs on others, and even won Visophecin’s approval somehow, but some beings were beyond her charms.
She had a talent for the wind, but Rhisveri found her about as appealing as a block of meat. Less, frankly, because if it was a prime cut of sirloin?
He had no weaknesses and he knew the advantage of surprise. He had granted her an audience. So the audience was now.
Rhisveri strode into Ryoka Griffin’s rooms just past morning. He tried the handle, and busted the door in when it was locked.
“Now we shall discuss things, Ryoka Gr—ah.”
He stopped for a second. Stared, and backed up.
“…You are a disgrace to your Order. All of y—”
Something bounced off the wall. It was a helmet. The Duke began to lambast them for their—he ducked as more pieces of metal hit the walls.
Rhisveri retreated backwards, into the guest rooms, to recollect himself. It turned out a surprise visit—had its own flaws. Several voices followed him, uttering loud curses. It turned out when you got a lot of Ryokas together, they did have similarities.
The Duke walked out of Ryoka’s quarters just in time to see Queen Oiena headed this way. Following Sammial, marching over to say hello with Oesca, and Fithea bringing up the rear. He wondered if he should stop them.
He really wanted not to.
 
——
 
Mrsha du Marquin ate breakfast. Next to her, a little Gnoll cub slapped his knees as he chanted.
“Bird hash. Bird hash! Bird hash!”
That would be…Cers. Mrsha had no idea what a ‘bird hash’ was. It turned out it was a nickname for a simple breakfast.
