Interlude – A Meeting of [Druids]
Page 23
“—kidnapped Mrsha! And why do you people keep walking into my Garden!? It’s not supposed to be open to other people! And who are you? You’re that guy!”
An [Innkeeper] was screaming. The other guests peered at the three [Druids].
One was a very nervous Drake with her webbed staff. Another, a little Gnoll who was really in trouble. And the third, a Human man with a wild beard polishing the staff which had been covered in drying blood. He didn’t seem affected by the shouting.
“I am so sorry. It’s just that I was lost and I was looking for someone. And the door was open—I didn’t mean to kidnap her!”
Shassa pointed at Mrsha. The Gnoll was trying to explain. She held up her deposition and Lyonette snatched it. She read it, and glared at Mrsha.
“That’s no excuse, young Miss! What did I tell you about strangers?”
“Yeah! Stranger danger! Look at him! He’s like—the exact person you don’t go with!”
Erin pointed at Nalthaliarstrelous. The [Druid] gave her an affronted look.
“Innkeeper. That child is one of us. We are [Druids]. We know each other.”
So much for subtlety. Some of the guests sat up. A Gnoll tipped his hat at his fellow and they took notes. A muscular Drake was hunched in a corner, coming up with a second theory.
But it was that kind of mood. After Erin and Lyonette tried not to throttle the [Druid]—some kind of order reasserted itself.
There were a few things to be mad about. And so, Erin made a list of priorities. She didn’t even have time for Ferris—the Gnoll was politely shuffled off to a corner. She stalked past the line of people jostling for her attention. She pointed at the first culprit.
“You. You know you don’t go with strangers. And there was the cupboards incident this morning. You’re in big trouble, buddy.”
The Gnoll child, Mrsha, gave Erin her most soulful, pleading, tearful look. Erin poked at Mrsha.
“Oh no. You’re not getting out of it. You’re in trouble. You just wait!”
“Excuse me. What is the meaning of—”
“Hold it, #4!”
Erin whirled and shouted at the orange-haired man. Montressa turned white.
“Erin—”
“Shush! Now, you.”
Erin moved to her next person on the list. Shassa shrank.
“I can’t apologize enough, Miss Solstice! I didn’t mean any of it. I just saw—”
She waved at Numbtongue, who had nearly beheaded her. Erin thought about this. She folded her arms.
“…I’ll grant you it was a mess. But! You can’t just grab Gnolls and run off. I’m uh—mad. At you too! How do you just walk into my garden? It’s private! It’s supposed to be safe!”
She pointed at #2. Nalthaliarstrelous blinked at her.
“It is. What’s the problem?”
Erin stared at him.
“It’s a [Garden of Sanctuary]. No one can get in but the people I allow! Even Grimalkin can’t get in! If it’s not safe…”
“It is safe. It is a sacred place. Bound by powerful law. An army would fail to enter.”
The [Druid] leaned on his staff. Erin narrowed her eyes.
“You say that, buddy, but I saw you just waltz in there when you and Magnolia came.”
“Erin, this is H—”
“Shut up, #5!”
Erin spun back to Nalthaliarstrelous. She poked at his chest; he swatted her finger away.
“How did you get in?”
“I am a [Druid].”
“Oh, so anyone can just walk in if they have the right class?”
Nalthaliarstrelous and Shassa exchanged a glance. The Drake raised a timid claw and Erin nodded at her.
“No. Only us, Miss Solstice. We are…allowed access. That is the nature of our class. No place of nature is barred from us in general, so long as we obey the rules.”
“Hmm. I dunno. That seems awfully convenient.”
