Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 48
“It seems to me the tribes must agree that if there is a doorway, to slam it shut. To devote all our efforts—more than punishing Drakes, more than addressing the Raskghar or Antinium—to keeping Earth from our world. At least, until we can hold our own. Eight billion Humans could wipe out every nation combined in numbers alone. I vote to create a list of allies. Perhaps we begin with trusted guardians? The Blighted Kingdom, the Shield Kingdoms of Chandrar…the House of Minos? Would they be able to stand against even one billion, if they linked arms?”
“How many?”
“What’s a billion?”
“Someone get me a [Mathematician]. Xherw, what’s yours say a billion is…?”
The number ran around the room in a heartbeat. Krshia closed her eyes. She only opened them when someone else spoke.
“I agree. They have powerful, even wondrous technologies. It is already changing our world—but we cannot trust them. These…Human-Earthers are no less deadly than the other ones. For our survival, we must be wary.”
“Wary? Why must we call the first other species from another world enemies, Chieftain Thost?”
It was Torishi who spoke, but even she appeared troubled. The Gnoll looked down at her, and something like Yiew’s look was in his eyes.
“Why would we assume they are peaceful given that we know their world is not, Torishi? We have seen other species and how they treat us. Some have been friends. But many? Look at the Humans of this world! They took Izril’s north from us and the Drakes because they could. The Drakes have stolen our magic. What are the Humans doing, poisoning our rivers in secret?”
There was a broad murmur in the room of agreement, despite the hyperbole. Krshia Silverfang and her sister looked around and saw even Firrelle and close allies looked unnerved.
Too late, Krshia realized they had made a mistake. This…this shouldn’t have followed the revelations of the Raskghar and theft of magic. This was not the time to propose peace with another world after so much treachery and darkness was unveiled.
All the Chieftains were disquieted, and not least because when you looked for examples of Earth doing terrible things? Rose had told Adetr some things in confidence, but even when they asked her…she wanted to be honest.
So when he asked, ‘what had Earth done that was evil? What should I fear?’ she had far too many examples. Rose tried to cut it with the good, but he had seen only war.
And Rose had also told him the worst of it because it mattered to her not to lie. Not to hide it.
Genocide and gas chambers. Nuclear weapons capable of wiping out any world multiple times over. Rose was principled, if unwise in how she told them.
They had to know. So the Meeting of Chieftains listened. They looked at another world.
Collectively, they drew back in fear. Krshia Silverfang rose to her feet and spoke.
“Gnolls. Chieftains, Honored guests. Hear me.”
They fell silent. Akrisa looked at Krshia with a vestige of hope, and Krshia searched for the words to turn this around.
“It is true Earth has done terrible things, or so I hear. So has our world. They are one species, but is it not true Humans have done good and ill? Let me tell you—I would not be here to uncover the truth of magic to you, I might not be here at all but for one Human. One girl from Earth, who I knew. Who was a great friend. She was…is named Erin Solstice. She was the one who helped stop the Raskghar. I saw her stop the siege of Liscor myself. If there are Humans who are the worst of a species, remember. There are ones who are better.”
She turned to her right.
