Interlude – Satar (Revised)
Page 6
Beilmark listened. However, she couldn’t smile or applaud Satar like Cers or the audience when the [Shaman] was done. They were stories of Doombringers, glory, downfall, and evil.
But they were wrong. A little girl with white fur lived in the Silverfang’s own camp. And this was the story they told about her. This was why they hunted her. These were the stories Mrsha had heard about Doombringers herself, growing up, Beilmark had no doubt.
Now Mrsha was one. A Gnoll with white fur. Doombringer. Beilmark shook her head. She turned away from the tribal activity she had remembered so fondly.
It was wrong.
 
——
 
Satar got into trouble for her Retelling, and she didn’t know why. She stood in the [Chieftain]’s tent, her home, with Cers whining and pacing around the tent outside. A weary Gnoll with silver-paint markings, a metal-tooth necklace, and that put-upon hunch to her shoulders when she was angry sat there.
Akrisa Silverfang. To her right was her sister, the [Shopkeeper], the Councilwoman of Liscor that had brought back an amazing gift—who had helped expose the Drakes’ treachery in stealing their magic. Krshia Silverfang.
Also present was Cetrule. The [Shaman of Purity] was silently at work, casting a spell. He could make sure ore mined was pure enough to go to the [Smelter], or ensure drinking water was clean, or the food. He was a practical [Shaman] for a practical tribe.
All three adults were angry at her. Akrisa spoke sharply.
“Why did you retell the Doombringer story, Satar? Of all the things…you’re only lucky our guests didn’t hear! Now? At this time?”
“Mother, I…”
Satar was confused. She had been riding high after her Retelling, and she’d thought she’d done a fine job. Everyone had said so. She’d come to see Akrisa and expected to be congratulated.
Instead? Krshia nodded slightly.
“Thank goodness she did not hear. But this…this is the heart of the issue. Each tribe tells it so, Akrisa. How will we put a motion before the gathered Chieftains? Now is the time. It must be the time, yes? But…”
She trailed off. Akrisa shook her head, but not to gainsay her sister.
“You are right, Krshia. I see it now. Like poison, seeping into our ears. From my own tribe and daughter! Satar!”
“What?”
The young Gnoll burst out, and all three adults looked at her. Satar was nearly in tears.
“I just told the Retelling like I’ve been taught! Cetrule—Volah herself says I tell the stories as well as she does!”
She didn’t understand. Akrisa opened her mouth angrily.
“That is not the point. With Mri here and—”
“Hold on. Chieftain Akrisa. Honored Krshia. I think we have made a mistake.”
Cetrule interrupted suddenly. All three heads turned to him as the [Shaman] looked at Satar, then glanced around.
“Satar…she doesn’t know about Mri. Or the situation.”
Satar looked up, and Akrisa’s angry expression turned to one of surprise—then regret. Krshia rose slightly.
“We did not…?”
“What about Mri? What’s this, Mother? You sent me away.”
Chieftain Akrisa hesitated. She glanced at Krshia, then back at Satar. A flash of shame colored her features.
“Satar, I…no, you wouldn’t know. I have made a mistake in anger.”
“As did I. Beilmark thought she knew.”
“Knew what?”
But both sisters were looking at each other with that meaningful stare, and Cetrule kept glancing sideways at Satar—but said not a word.
“What, Mother?”
Akrisa rested her paws on her knees. She looked at Satar, hesitating, and then spoke.
“—I cannot say, Satar. Forgive me. I have been the one to make the mistake. You could not know. But—no more stories about Doombringers. No more Retellings at all, in fact.”
