Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 14
He touched his body and Bea understood.
“Yes, master. But…the woman I killed said it was more than that.”
“Oh yes. More, so much you do not need to know, Bea. Sex is not love. But one goes hand in hand with the other. I loved a woman like no other. And she died.”
Bea went still. Az’kerash looked at her face and she remembered a sight she was not supposed to see.
“Do you miss her, Master?”
“When I think of her, yes. But it would be poorer to forget, even after a century’s passing.”
And he looked at her face. Bea bowed her head, afraid to ask more.
Az’kerash sighed.
“Ijvani is coming soon. And she has brought a…gift. Come, Bea. Talk no more of sex.”
“Yes, Master. I have only one question, please?”
“Ask.”
“Why do some people prefer to use this instead of this when we have sex? Or sometimes, they ask to touch my feet, or…”
She lifted up her clothing. Az’kerash stared at her. After a second, he pointed.
Bea blinked, felt a slight pop, and appeared outside the castle. Venitra and Kerash started and looked at her.
“Well?”
The bone woman, Venitra, demanded. Bea turned.
“He didn’t explain about the other bit. I think we should just kill them before they get to that part.”
“Oh. Did he ask what the difference in gender meant? Or why the Drakes and Humans are so secretive when it’s the same one?”
“He did not. But apparently, Golems do it better.”
“Huh.”
 
—-
 
Some people were indeed better at understanding sex, whether it was from the viewpoint of science, or a practiced expert. But there were also the young.
And the purely ignorant. There were some people for whom sex—did not apply.
Rebellion was fomenting in the Hive of the Free Antinium. The rule of Revalantor Klbkch was in jeopardy.
The Antinium had seen the light of Heaven. But also—they had heard of a new way. An Antinium had left the Hive. Bird was gone. And he had chosen that.
The law of the Antinium was being threatened, at a time when the other Hives were finally connected to it and beginning to mingle. Even now, representatives from the other Hives were making the long, long journey towards Liscor. For Bird, again.
But this was not about Bird today. Bird had been unbanned from hunting birds and had brought the old reign of terror back to the skies of Liscor. Rather, it was another Antinium who had business with sex.
And business with the business of excretion. Yellow Splatters carefully wiped his excrement away with his hand. And if it was gross and vulgar to do that—well, people did it and it didn’t waste toilet paper. And toilet paper was a waste of resources.
He carefully wiped his hand after that, removing any filth in the sand. Then, Yellow Splatters left the excretion cubicle along with many Soldiers and Workers doing the same. They stared at him as he left, awed, perhaps, that Yellow Splatters, the [Sergeant], the Soldier who spoke, excreted just like they did.
Antinium used their version of septic tanks, which were regularly cleaned. Well, theirs were just chambers in the earth that waste ran into. And it was useful and thus used as fertilizer and composting. Mostly to grow mushrooms, which became food again.
It was an easy process, by and large. Antinium had very efficient bodies, so their waste wasn’t that egregious. Yellow Splatters had heard…stories. He was grateful for efficient bowel movements, and headed back to the barracks where the Painted Antinium were gathered.
Yellow Splatters produced waste every two or three days, sooner if he went into battle. He never talked about it. But it happened. Sometimes natural occurrences weren’t talked about.
