Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 27
“Thank you.”
The Antinium went downstairs and entered Bird’s room. Bird thought about asking if he and Pawn were invited to the writing of sex. He had seen Pawn just a few minutes ago.
 
—-
 
“All clear. You don’t have Yellow River.”
Geneva finished her inspection. The Lizardman sighed in relief. He flopped onto his bed, back-first, and Geneva began taking her gloves off.
“Miss Scala, you are a lifesaver. I was terrified when I saw—”
“Just dead scale matter and dirt. It’s built up here—you need to take better care of your hygiene. As I said. And the condoms—”
The Lizardman’s name was Xeppal. And he was a [Prostitute]. Geneva briskly took off her gloves as Xeppal sat up and nodded.
“No fear, Doctor Scala. I’ve heard about the Yellow Rivers. Thank you, thank you for coming out. Everyone was afraid…”
He gestured towards the doors. Geneva nodded.
The brothel she was visiting wasn’t the highest of classes in Talenqual, but that just meant it was important to visit. The Slippery Tail did a lot of business and it was a vector for diseases.
“Your manager asked me to visit. And she’s assured me she’ll pay for protection and insist on it.”
“That’s a relief. Miss Dushal’s a good one. Dullahan, but she takes care of us. Some places—well, they don’t even have security. You get a bad client and…”
Geneva grimaced. Sex work existed in Baleros. In all five continents, actually. Terandria was apparently strictest, as were cities in Izril, but sex workers existed everywhere. The only difference was how much protection they were afforded.
It was one of those things that made her angry. If it had been regulated, the Yellow Rivers diseases would be easier to deal with. As it was, she had to seek out the owners of brothels, and they were sometimes less than cooperative.
“It’s a difficult situation, security?”
Xeppal nodded.
“You get someone who’s the wrong sort? Well, my female friends have more trouble than I do. Me—women come to me because I have this.”
He showed her his member. Lizardfolk had an odd design compared to a Human penis. Geneva had been inspecting it for the Yellow Rivers symptoms, telltale pus. Now she could admire the flaccid shaft.
…Both of them. Xeppal waggled his brows at Geneva. It was a bigger specimen than most she’d seen, male or female.
“Did it surprise you, Doctor?”
“Hemipenes? I’ve heard of it, but it was something interesting to see. I knew that snakes and lizards had them.”
“Evolutionary traits. Well, it’s not that unusual, but members of other species are certainly intimidated.”
“Is that a Skill that gave you your enlarged hemipenes, or were you born with them?”
Geneva refused to rise to the bait. Xeppal shrugged.
“Both, Doctor. As I said—I’m in this business. Have been for seven years.”
“…That would make you fourteen when you started.”
The Lizardman shrugged.
“Had to make a living. It’s not always easy, even with the community to fall back on, or family. Especially if you have bad ones.”
Geneva nodded. She was familiar with that too. Xeppal was her last client for the day, and she began packing up her bag while she asked him questions. All the other sex workers had told her similar tales.
Some were in it because it was a fun job, others because they had no choice. But Talenqual’s company, the Feathered Brigade, didn’t regulate this industry as much as other companies and there was plenty of abuse in the system.
“Tell me about the dangers.”
“Oh, I don’t need to whine, Doctor. Miss Dushal has been fine to us.”
“And elsewhere? I want to know.”
Xeppal paused.
“The Last Light cares about us?”
“I’m just Geneva. I care.”
