Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 41
But first, they performed ablutions. Cleansing their bodies before they were painted, that the paint would not be contaminated. But the two Soldiers did it together.
They were female. By name and personality, even if not by appearance. And that was what mattered. Purple Smiles watched as the two Soldiers did something new in this Hive, in this moment.
They were washing each other.
Chesacre had some soap and a little cloth. Thaina was dipping hers into a bucket. The two were gently cleaning each other off, with some soap and water. Slowly, carefully, they polished each other’s bodies, wiping grime away with water. Carefully.
Polishing chipped carapace. Touching each other. The Antinium had very few senses. But—they touched each other and felt it. The Painted Antinium watched.
Something new. Something that Pawn or Erin or another of the Individuals had not brought here. Purple Smiles understood it. A bit. But then—he listened. And watched.
And he saw the two Antinium touching each other.
On their multifaceted eyes. Mandibles, cleaning each and every inch of each other. And that action had significance.
Antennae too; they were most careful about that. The two delicately touched each other’s antennae. And they had sensation there.
And eroticism? The Workers and Soldiers stared—then, abruptly, looked away as one. They felt it.
They should not be watching this. This was something private. New. Sacred.
Individuality.
Purple Smiles looked away too, as he felt the two growing closer. He envied them. And loved what he could not comprehend. Yet. But the two—Individuals—would be greater than he was.
Or perhaps he had joined them. The Soldier looked away. None of the Antinium were looking anywhere near them. Something must be done.
Purple Smiles found some of the blankets reserved for the coveted Fortresses of Fluff and hung them up. A Worker created stands of wood by lashing together some wooden poles onto a base—the Antinium had been experimenting with hammocks and slides, which Erin had assured them were fun ways to relax—and Purple Smiles hung the blankets over them. Creating a private area.
A room. And in their privacy, that was now, suddenly, needed, the two Antinium stopped touching each other. They looked hesitantly at each other, and then Chesacre picked up a brush.
They began to paint a design onto each other’s bodies. Slowly, carefully, with infinite patience and grace.
A new type of picture, one that didn’t work without both halves. It was not a flower, or a heart—that would have been symbolic.
And it would have spoken to a culture neither Antinium knew. Rather, they were creating a building.
A magical building, of pale silver and odd angles. That rose across their bodies, whole only when they stood so. Apart, it was meaningless, two broken halves. Together, if they stood side by side and their arms twined—
The Antinium understood something in that moment, Purple Smile, Thaina, Chesacre. And that was something the male Antinium above had yet to learn entirely.
Sex was one thing. Love was another thing. Sometimes, often, the two were conflated. You could do it for many reasons, but it was designed for more than just pleasure.
Like happiness. And you didn’t need carnality for that. Happiness was also seeing someone else in pleasure. It was part of what you called romance.
Although, it was true—
Sometimes it was just plain smut. And that wasn’t a bad thing.
 
—-
 
“Oh! Oh Nagas—that’s amaze—how are you—dead gods!”
