Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 39
Falene waved a hand at one of the Dawils haunting her. She was past light intoxication and readiness for a few questionable choices. She was fully maudlin and trying for oblivion.
“You’re looking poor, half—Falene.”
Dawil caught himself. Falene wasn’t in the mood for their regular sparring sessions. The half-Elf ignored him.
“Go on, mock me.”
“…Nah. Don’t you worry about the lad, either. He didn’t notice a thing. Poor fellow got pulled in by a [Drinker]. Or was it a [Drunk]?”
Falene sniffed.
“But you’ll remember.”
“Shan’t say a word, even if you remember this. Which I doubt, frankly.”
The [Axe Champion] eyed the empty bottles around Falene. Wistram [Mages] could put away alcohol. He was beginning to think the academy had a problem. Falene sniffed a few more times. She had snot running down one delicate nostril.
“I just—I know it was a bad idea. But I’m tired of the road. I don’t mind it, but finding a partner—”
“Aye. Tough.”
“What would you know? You’re short. I’m a half-Elf. You can find company. Men see me and I’m a trophy. They can brag about it. But I want someone who at least—”
Falene put her head down. Dawil patted her awkwardly on the back. He reached for a glass as Falene tried to tell him about Feor, and her faction…and why Ylawes was a good second-choice—and she’d really just wanted a night—
The Dwarf nodded and patted her shoulder and tried not to let her kill herself drinking. He sighed.
Children. Sometimes he felt like an adult leading two brats around. But then he looked at Falene and sighed.
Aging slower than Humans sometimes really was a problem. He envied Ylawes, sometimes. A [Knight] in shining armor? You had to ward his doors at night.
Literally. And that didn’t even count teammates.
 
—-
 
 
A life without sex wasn’t so bad. If you had a purpose, it didn’t matter. If you’d never had it, what did you have to regret not having?
But it was probably good to relax people. Sometimes, it wouldn’t help. But you could probably correlate it.
At any rate, someone who was incapable of it was making a beeline towards The Wandering Inn. And he had two swords.
Klbkchhezeim of the Free Antinium walked in a murderous mood. He was addressing Tkrn, who was regretting bringing the news to the Antinium Senior Guardsman.
“They. Went. Above? Without my permission?”
“Yes, Senior Guardsman, but Relc and Beilmark got them and brought them to the inn—”
“I see. I will deal with them there. You may go, Guardsman Tkrn.”
The Gnoll hesitated. He had seen people like this before. And walking away usually meant someone was dead the next hour. But he hesitated—
Because Klbkch was really not in a good mood. And the Slayer Klbkch was out. Tkrn was bracing himself. He’d made mistakes once. If he got stabbed, well…he owed it to the Watch and the one Guardsman who’d been kind to him. He was preparing to reach out and duck when someone stepped out in front of the gates.
Relc. He blocked the way towards The Wandering Inn. And his face was grave.
“Klb—”
“Move aside, Relc. I have a discipline issue to address. I have let it go on for far too long.”
Klbkch was vibrating with anger. And his hands were on his sword hilts. Relc stared at them, and then he shook his head.
“Not now, Klb. Come on, let’s have a drink.”
The Antinium stared at Relc. The Drake was uncharacteristically sober. Klbkch hesitated.
“Has something happened?”
“What? Nah…nah…”
“Something has clearly happened. What?”
“We just want to buy you a drink, Klbkch. Come on. The lads are all here.”
