Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 23
“We have to mix the Minotaur’s Shots with flammable alcohol. That’s not as cheap as mead or ale. That’s the eighteenth ‘on the house’ drink in the last two days! You get a limit of…four per day. Fine?”
“Okay.”
Erin sighed. She looked at Belgrade and Anand and Garry and Yellow Splatters. Then she heard the clip-clop of hooves.
“Erin, is now a bad time?”
“I’m not explaining the birds and the bees to you, Palt.”
The Centaur smiled.
“I assume that’s a metaphor?”
“Yeah. Anyways, it’s weird. Do you—is it—nah.”
Erin waved a hand. The Centaur nodded, adjusting his cigar in his mouth. He paused.
“…It’s one of those things everyone learns about, I suppose. But I’m sure they’ll learn enough. And you don’t need to hover over them. Why not take a break? I’ve been meaning to treat you to a meal in the city. Take an hour off?”
Lyonette looked at Palt. Erin glanced up vaguely.
“What? Oh…well, that’d be nice.”
“I know a good place—”
“Oh, wait. Garry told me about sour cheeses, you know? He was really upset and he’s only got his day off, so I really need to teach him. Sorry. Can we do it another time?”
“Of course.”
Palt smiled as Erin gestured towards the kitchen. He talked with Erin a few more seconds, and then she went to extract Garry from the crowd. Palt nodded at Lyonette, who gave him a sympathetic look. When Erin was out of earshot, she whispered.
“You’re going to have to be more direct.”
Then she turned and went back to work. Palt blinked at the [Princess]’ back, and then trotted back to the table.
“Hah! I saw you fail your charm spell over there!”
Montressa and Beza snorted as Palt sat down. He glared at them.
“Don’t even joke about that. Charm spells and love potions are banned hard in Baleros. I don’t know why Izril doesn’t have stricter laws. It happens at Wistram all the time.”
The two female [Mages] quieted. Montressa rubbed at her red hair.
“Yeah. Sorry.”
Palt puffed a few times, calming himself down. He made an apologetic gesture for his outburst.
“Anyways, it never works for romance. It’s illusory love. Infatuation, not the real thing. Real love potions…dead gods, I don’t imagine even Saliss of Lights could brew those.”
“Still, you did your best.”
“Did I? I should have just asked her on a date. But I feel like she’d turn me down straight off.”
Palt looked at Montressa and Beza. The two [Mages] traded looks. Beza snorted.
“If I were looking for romance, I’d march up to the male and tell him I liked him. That’s how it works best. Honesty.”
“And how has that worked outside of Minos?”
The [Illusionist] replied acidly. Bezale sipped from her drink, her expression neutral.
“It’s worked quite well, actually. The only ones who turn me down are the ones who couldn’t have managed in the bedroom anyways.”
Montressa snorted, but she waved a hand as Palt looked at her.
“Don’t talk to me. My name was mud in Wistram and before that…”
The two [Mages] paused. Before that was Pisces. They fell silent. Then Palt sighed.
“Maybe I’ll challenge Erin to a game of chess. But if I go for it too early—”
“She’s a challenge. And she’s a master of chess. Do you think you even have a chance?”
The [Aegiscaster] waggled her eyebrows at Palt. The Centaur shifted.
“I can only try. Besides, this is…more advanced than chess. If it was a game, it would be more convoluted than any board game ever made. With rules that keep changing. And I think—different species and different genders play according to different rules. So that you never really know who wins.”
