Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 16
“Female Soldiers?”
“Yes! Chesacre and Thaina! The two who survived the Dungeon sortie.”
Yellow Splatter paused. He…remembered that. Klbkch had determined that there was a surplus of Soldiers and Workers and had ordered thousands into the dungeon. To…reduce both side’s numbers. Two had survived, by a miracle. Saved from Facestealer by a skeleton, of all things.
“Yes. But that is just their names.”
“They are female names.”
Belgrade was agitated. Yellow Splatters didn’t follow.
“But they are just names.”
“But they are female names, Yellow Splatters. Chesacre and Thaina have informed me they are.”
That threw Yellow Splatters for a loop. He looked around and found the two Soldiers, who were sitting and reading books together. They were inseparable; they were the only two survivors, after all. They had been found, dancing among the slaughter.
A miracle, like the ones Pawn prayed for. Yellow Splatters felt for the two; he had even determined to make sure they were never put in that situation again. But they had not taken on a set paint yet; they were thinking of whom they would be. And…he could admit they had different names than most Soldiers.
But…female? Yellow Splatters felt the need to clarify.
“Names do not define gender. Do they?”
“Chesacre and Thaina inform me they are female. Why would I doubt their sendings?”
Belgrade gave Yellow Splatters a blank look. Of course, other Soldiers did not speak, but they had adopted their own sign language—learned from Mrsha and made up themselves—and they could communicate in a…mental way. It was something Yellow Splatters felt himself. The [Sergeant] had to disagree, though.
“But Soldiers are neither male nor female, Belgrade. We are.”
“You do not identify as male?”
“…No. Why would I?”
“I do. My name is masculine. So is Pawn’s. They are based on the greatest chess players of Erin’s world. Well, except Pawn’s. But he thinks he is male.”
“Surely it is not a choice?”
“It is. And I am concerned about the possibility of female pregnancies! What is so hard to understand?”
Belgrade was growing increasingly agitated. Babies could appear out of nowhere! And, apparently, you had to feed them sweets, take care of them, make sure they didn’t work too hard…two would be fine, but many? He was worried.
Yellow Splatters on the other hand had a bit more insight than Belgrade in one area. Slowly, he leaned forwards.
“Belgrade.”
“Yes?”
“I believe you misunderstand one thing about gender.”
“Which is?”
“Biologically, I believe gender is determined on genitalia.”
“What? Why would that be the case?”
“Isn’t there a difference?”
Belgrade had to think about this.
“And if there is?”
“We should at least make sure the biological risk of pregnancy is tied to genitalia, correct?”
Belgrade thought about this.
“…Yes. I suppose that would be a contributing factor towards pregnancies. I didn’t actually ask how the sex entailed; no one would accept my offer to pay to observe this.”
The [Sergeant] nodded slowly.
“Then, let us assume pregnancy does depend on that aspect.”
“Yes. And?”
Slowly, the [Sergeant] pointed at his loincloth. He removed it, casually.
Not all the Antinium wore loincloths. Indeed, only the ones who went above did. Most of them didn’t wear clothing at all; it wasn’t needed. But other species made a fuss and it was the rules, so the Antinium obeyed. But now, Yellow Splatters removed his clothing, such as it was. Belgrade stared down at his groin.
“Yes?”
“I do not believe we have either markings of male or female.”
“Really? Are you sure?”
Belgrade inspected the smooth chitin. Yellow Splatters nodded carefully.
