Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 46
She wanted to know. She didn’t want to know. She wanted—Erin Solstice closed her eyes. And it was a ridiculous thing. But she felt like crying. Just a tiny bit.
Nothing bad was happening at all in the world. There were no disasters, no pressing emergencies—yet. But it was strange. When all the bad things went away, there was only Erin, and her days were…good.
And yet. Erin Solstice tried to imagine it. But her body told her one thing, and her mind couldn’t imagine it. She wanted to and didn’t at the same time. Yes, yes.
And…no. She wasn’t interested. But one fact remained that Erin did know was true, that made her want to cry, even though she couldn’t. She had a family in this world, an inn. Good friends and things to do.
But sometimes even now, she just felt lonely.
 
 
Author’s Notes: 
I wonder how you’ll regard this. Hi, I’m pirateaba and I’m tired. It’s VERY late and I wrote through the night. I’d sad…how many hours? Ah, 9:30 exactly almost. I streamed the entire thing.
Because if I was going to be too embarrassed, I might as well not write. But I wanted to write this chapter.
And not just because it’s sexual. Because it’s true. Sex happens, but like periods or poo, you don’t read it in stories sometimes. An entire story goes by without one person having a bowel movement or popping a pimple. Have I done pimples?
I digress. This chapter was meant to be real. Silly, yes, but real, and show a new side of characters. Big new sides of things. It will not happen all the time. In fact, I’m aware some members of the readership are young, or probably don’t want to read this.
And I get it. Because this changes how you see a character. I understand that. And it can be uncomfortable, so these chapters will be rare. Explicit content I might keep only to chapters devoted to them—but other aspects of love, no.
It’s an experiment. I don’t know how well I did, but I tried to write a good chapter as always. I’m tired. My break is coming up and I’m hitting peak exhaustion and I’m still recovering from my cough. But I feel satisfied by writing. Happiness, sadness, and sex.
A last note. I’m changing a lot of things, including how I post my after-chapter thoughts. Featuring more great art is something I also want to do. It’s a time to try new stuff. Below, I have two pictures of Erin Solstice, by pkay, and Staugroan, both amazing artists—on Twitter and Instagram, I believe. And I can’t link to either because they have uh, explicit content. But thank you for the art of Erin and thank you for reading.

 

