Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 20
Relc had brought them. But the Drake was hardly putting them in chains. He and Drassi were leaning on the bar, laughing so hard they were close to puking. So were Selys and half the inn.
“Sex? How did you—who told you about that?”
“I was informed of the dangers of pregnancy here, Erin.”
Belgrade shook like a leaf, fearful of punishment. Erin wanted to hug him, but she had to fold her arms first.
“Sex is—you can’t go around and ask people for sex, guys!”
“Yeah, you have to be subtle. They were going up to strangers—half of them blokes—and asking—for sex—for gold—”
Relc choked as he guffawed. He inhaled, came close to passing out as he laughed himself over the bar’s counter. Drassi tried to haul him up and fell over.
“I do not see what is so funny. Sex is not a good thing. It can lead to pregnancy. Or have I been misinformed?”
Belgrade looked anxious. But that was him. Anand was giving Erin a resigned look—he’d clearly figured out this was a misunderstanding. Yellow Splatters’ arms were folded and he was looking uncertain. And Garry…he waved at Erin.
“Hello, Erin. I am sorry to bother you on your day off. And to be arrested.”
Erin spared a smile for the least-seen Worker.
“Hi Garry, I am happy to see you. But—guys. What is with today and sex?”
“It’s a sign, Erin.”
Selys called out from her table. There were a lot of sniggers from around Erin’s inn. Not just from her regulars. Erin glowered around and saw Montressa and Beza trying not to snigger. Palt was smoking furiously and she knew he was hiding a smile.
“Oi! Smoke!”
“I’m venting it. See?”
The [Smoker] pointed. The haze was streaming out an open window. Erin threw her hands up.
“Alright, laugh! I don’t think it’s funny!”
“It’s hilarious, Erin. These four finally want to have sex and—”
Relc pulled himself over the bar. He laughed at Erin.
“Who was gonna arrest ‘em? Watch Captain Z just said to send them here. It’s your problem.”
“She said that?”
Erin’s look of chagrin made even Lyonette laugh. But the [Princess] was staring at the Antinium. At last, she came over.
“Well, I suppose we’d better tell them about sex, Erin. So this doesn’t happen again. Pawn should be able to do it. He’s actually in the city.”
“What?”
The other Antinium looked at Lyonette. She blinked.
“Pawn. He’s in the city. Buying things. Um…didn’t he tell you?”
“He said he was going above. Despite the restrictions Revalantor Klbkch placed?”
“Restrictions? Pawn said he had a special allowance.”
The [Princess] looked astonished. Then her eyes narrowed.
“Typical. Well…I suppose he decided to lie.”
She smiled about it for some reason. Erin stared at Lyonette.
“I don’t think we should encourage the Antinium to break rules, Lyonette.”
Even if she was her own bad kid who’d run away from home. Lyonette blinked at Erin, and then she blushed furiously.
“Right. I meant—well, that’s one thing. Before Pawn gets here—we do have to do some explaining. First off, Belgrade, no one is getting pregnant from hand-holding.”
“…Hugging? Massages?”
Lyonette turned beet red. Erin blinked at her and then at Belgrade. Her eyes slowly narrowed—
“No. Sex is totally different. It’s—well, I might have to get a diagram.”
“I know! It’s when a male and a female get in bed! And grunt a lot! And the bed gets wet, but it’s not pee! It happens all the time!”
Ekirra raced over. Erin covered her eyes again.
“Ekirra, dear, why don’t you play in the garden with Visma? She’s helping beautify the pond.”
