Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 0

*Warning. This chapter contains sexual content and graphic depictions of sex in the text. If you do not wish to read, or feel uncomfortable at the material please skip this chapter. You may miss terribly important and crucial plot points, but this is your choice.
 
A long time ago, when Erin Solstice was still new to the city of Liscor. When she still lived in her first inn, and people had just gotten to know about the odd Human girl who’d appeared outside the city—she’d had a conversation.
It had gone something like this:
“You have not had sex yet. This is a bad thing, yes?”
That had been then, and a young woman had entertained the idea of sexual gratification, dating, and intercourse with her friends, Krshia and Selys. She had even gone on a date.
It had ended poorly, for the would-be suitors. Erin had ended up with a rather interesting collection of dildos. Which had subsequently been destroyed by her undead skeleton. The first time.
It happened. But since that day, the topic had not come up again. And yes, there were more important things in life to focus on. Monster attacks, keeping friends alive. The possibility of war.
And yet, at the same time, it was extraordinary that the topic never came up again. Erin Solstice didn’t lack for friends, of any species or gender. But she discussed bowel movements and periods with more frequency than anything touching on mating—
Sex.
Indeed, what was uncomfortable to many males wasn’t banned in The Wandering Inn. As, case in point, a few days after Erin’s night of glorious fire and celebration, she found herself in the outhouse.
It was a nice outhouse. Rebuilt, refurbished—Lyonette wanted the inn to connect to Liscor’s sewage lines, but for now, the toilets were attended with herbs to cover the smell and cleaned regularly. It was one of the tasks the staff got to do. And the young woman named Erin Solstice was doing her business.
Again, a natural activity. Erin went to the bathroom at least once a day, which was what she considered healthy. But she didn’t talk about it. Still, at this particular time, Erin happened to look down. And her face fell.
“Aw.”
She was on her period. Which wasn’t generally a problem. But…it was if you didn’t have anything like a pad and you really didn’t want to go back indoors with your new underwear and pants. Erin grimaced.
What to do? What to do…as crises went, Erin decided this was a low-level event. After a few minutes of cursing, she began shouting.
“Hey! Hey! Someone get Lyonette!”
After a few seconds, her shouting roused someone. Namely, the Workers on the rooftop. Erin waited, and then Lyonette came out.
“What’s wrong, Erin?”
“Uh…can you get me my pad?”
“Pad? What do—oh.”
It took Lyonette only a fraction of a second to get it. Inside, Erin felt embarrassed, but she went on.
“It’s in my room. Um—I think in the drawers? It’s washed! Sorry, I just—”
“I’ve got it. One second.”
And indeed, a minute later, Erin had relief. Well—in a way. She still felt a bit crummy, but as she left the outhouse and reentered the inn—after washing her hands outside, thankyouverymuch, Erin was chatting to Lyonette.
The morning crowd looked up as the two young women entered the inn and went over to the bar. Not to drink per se, but just to chat.
“I wasn’t keeping count. Yuck. I hate being on my period. I just feel…euragh. You know?”
“…No. Do you mean, cramps? My mother used to have the worst ones.”
Erin frowned.
“Yeah, a bit. But I also get mad a bit more easily.”
“Really? Compared to usual?”
