Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 3
“That’s not all he has. Although between you and me, I’d have expected a Named Adventurer to be better.”
Ulevissia quipped. There was laughter and people relaxed. Erin on the other hand—was flushing.
“Hey! Enough! That’s enough. Let’s not get…weird, here.”
She waved her hands, and the laughter died down as Erin pushed a bit with her ability to control the mood in the inn. It was fairly subtle, for her. But Lyonette noticed, as did Temile and a few [Actors]; their classes made them sensitive to such things.
And a few others. At her table, Selys Shivertail looked up from a morning gossip session with Drassi. She hadn’t really partaken of the conversation so far—because she was trying to eat breakfast too—but now she frowned at Erin, vaguely. As the [Innkeeper] argued with Menolit and then went around the room, chatting with her regulars, Selys paused.
“Hey, Selys, Drassi. How’s it going?”
“I’m off-duty! I don’t start for another hour. Hi, Erin.”
Drassi announced hurriedly. Erin waved that off, although the comment was more aimed at Lyonette than the self-proclaimed ‘cool boss’. Selys smiled as Erin sat down.
“Hi, Erin. Rough morning?”
“You know me, spitting blood, shooting it out of my crotch—I keep forgetting Drakes and Gnolls don’t have periods.”
Erin sighed. Selys and Drassi looked at each other.
“Well, we have our problems, Erin. You don’t have dead scales.”
“You don’t have ingrown hairs or split ends.”
“Point.”
The three females grinned at each other. It was a longstanding practice of species to practice the game of ‘who had the most bodily issues’ with each other. Erin sat down as Selys glanced at Drassi.
“So…well, you’ve told us all about your monthlies. Feeling okay?”
“Yeah. It’s not bad today. I mean, you know…I could use a warm compress or something. That really helps. But maybe I’ll talk to Octavia when she wakes up. Potions are handy.”
“No arguments there!”
Drassi grinned. The [Gossip] and [Bartender] looked in fine form today. But then, she was enjoying her new class and position serving alcohol. And she’d certainly had enough work these last few days.
Ever since the night of glory and fire. These days, the pink flame was carefully kept burning in a concealed, controlled lantern. The same one Erin had used for the blue flames of sadness. Sometimes it went out if you didn’t feed it, but Erin could always conjure the fire again.
Anyways, at the moment Selys had just come in for her gossip session with one of her best friends. Best two friends, really. The young Human woman smiled as Selys offered her some fried dumplings. Palt had made them; the Centaur wasn’t in today, but he would be, no doubt. Selys gave Erin a side-long look.
“We were just talking about recent events. Speaking of which…are you worried about Octavia?”
“What? No. I mean, a bit. Saliss is like…I mean, I think he’s a good guy. But Octavia shouldn’t be…y’know? When she’s learning from him? That’s weird, right?”
Erin looked awkward as she danced around the subject. Drassi scratched at the spines on her neck.
“Madly having sex in their laboratory all night long?”
The [Innkeeper] choked on her bite. Selys snorted and had to pound on Erin’s back. She was assisted by a flying kick from Mrsha. Erin coughed up the food stuck in her airways and rubbed at her back.
“Ow. Thank you, Mrsha. Drassi!”
“What? Unless—do you think they’re being kinky? Like—I dunno, you hear stories.”
“Drassi!”
“Like what?”
Selys leaned over as Mrsha leapt up onto the table and swiped a dumpling. Drassi grinned.
