Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 26
The others stared at him. Montressa sprayed her drink out her nose. Gales of laughter followed Relc as he turned around, shouting.
“It’s a combat Skill! Shut up! I only did it once!”
Yellow Splatters laughed too. He was enjoying himself. But Anand and Belgrade, [Tacticians] to the end, were serious and focused. Belgrade nodded.
“I believe we have enough data. Clearly, the time has come.”
“…To do what?”
“Am I to assume that sex is a somewhat difficult proposition that cannot be easily obtained?”
“Not with some women.”
Menolit muttered. Beilmark nodded cautiously.
“One cannot just do it on the streets, yes? That is why you cannot ask for it, hm?”
She looked meaningfully at the Antinium. Belgrade nodded.
“We are aware. Thus, since it is most likely an experience out of reach of most Antinium, I believe we must endeavor to synthesize the experience for other Antinium.”
Anand was nodding. Yellow Splatters and the crowd looked at the two Workers. The [Sergeant] spoke shortly.
“What?”
“A story. We should convey our advanced knowledge of sex so that Antinium may understand how it happens and derive enjoyment. Just as one reads a book of cooking, and enjoys the idea of cooking, sex. Come, Yellow Splatters. We should begin work at once.”
The Antinium were gesturing towards a table. At this point Erin had to intervene.
“No!”
She stuck her head out of the kitchen where she was showing Garry how the chocolate had been made. The Workers looked at her.
“No writing sex stories here!”
“Aw! Erin!”
She shook a fist at Relc. And that should have been the end of that. Erin went into the kitchen to keep teaching Garry, because some things were better than sex for the Worker. And he loved Erin’s presence more than sex.
But the Antinium had changed. So much so that their rebellion didn’t stop here. Belgrade looked around.
“Miss Solstice had expressed her desire that writing of this story should not occur here. Therefore, it must not.”
Anand was busily packing the ink and parchment up.
“Agreed. Let us go to a more secluded spot. Bird’s room. Come, Yellow Splatters.”
The [Sergeant] rose. Relc saw Beilmark turn to him. The Gnolls whispered.
“Should we stop them?”
“Are you kidding? Hey, Belgrade, Anand! We’ll pay for copies.”
“Aha. And you see? This is already turning into a monetary benefit.”
Anand nodded as the three trundled up the stairs. Relc stared at their backs, and then at Beilmark.
“We’re gonna be heroes when we return to the barracks.”
The Senior Guardswoman nodded. She stared at Relc, and then around the inn.
“Dead gods. Does Klbkch always have this much fun with you?”
“Yeah, but he can’t appreciate it. Come on, let’s get a drink, do a quick patrol, and come back. Hopefully they have something brilliant.”
The two Workers and Soldier went up the stairs. They immediately went to Bird’s room and knocked.
Bird was not inside. He was on the roof, eating a Bird.
“Mmf. Birds. Birds! I love birds.”
The [Bird Hunter] looked up as the three Antinium paused in his crude tower. He was shaking, crouched over a disassembled bird. Blood ran from his mandibles and onto his body. The Antinium stared at him. In this moment, you could see the Antinium that plagued the nightmares of Drakes.
Until he spoke.
“Oh, hello Anand, Belgrade, Yellow Splatters. I have fulfilled my obsession. Would you like a bird?”
He offered a piece of bird to them. Anand waved it away.
“Bird, we have no time for birds. We must write a story of sexual prowess and deed for the Antinium. May we borrow your room?”
Bird stared at the Antinium. He opened and closed his mandibles a few times.
“…Yes.”
