Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 36
The Stitch-Girl felt heat suffuse her face. She looked down.
“Oh—”
“Shoot! We forgot about that. I’m gonna need a towel, Xif. You have clothes. Sorry, Octavia.”
“Absolutely not. Get your own towels! I’ll never use mine again if you take them! They’re good towels!”
The two [Alchemists] began fighting. Octavia…slowly leaned against the counter. Her knees had lost all strength. She felt lightheaded and every few seconds.
“Um—I—M-Master Saliss?”
“Don’t worry! It goes away after a while! But it’s great, right?”
“I—”
Octavia made a sound and covered her mouth, but she had to drop to the floor. Xif swore as Saliss grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist. Then the two [Alchemists] looked at the apprentice.
“Uh. I forgot how the first time goes. You alright, Cotton?”
Saliss eyed Octavia. The Stitch-Girl didn’t make a sound for about five minutes. Xif and Saliss retreated. When Octavia could stand up—she did so shakily.
“Whew. That—hold on—”
She had to catch her breath. Saliss ushered her to a chair.
“Shouldn’t have given you the full dose. I’m sorry. Here, take a seat—no, don’t talk for like, five more minutes.”
He ushered her to a seat. Saliss came over to Xif, looking embarrassed as Octavia let the aftershocks ride her into a wonderful place. Xif eyed Saliss. He gestured at Octavia.
“Is this inappropriate? You’re the one who gives me speeches on student-master relationships, Saliss.”
“Eh. Nuance, Xif. She’s learning it. I’m not giving them to her regularly. And I’m not banning her from having a good time or smoking—well, I do ban smoking in my lab. But hush. If you didn’t like it, why’d you jump at the chance to make a few?”
The Gnoll [Alchemist] shrugged.
“I have no problem with them. You’re the reason they were banned.”
Saliss’ brows drew together. He leaned over and snapped.
“Some people need them more than others. Dullahans have problems. Young Drakes and Gnolls and Garudas don’t. Shut up and help me brew a teaching batch with Octavia and I’ll let you keep two bottles. And I’ll get you back into Erin’s good books if I can.”
Xif pursed his lips. Saliss would be walking away with most of them, but two bottles was…he nodded. Good for yourself, good for gifts, good for sale. But addictive in its own way. Also—hard to make.
“…How about some of the other fires?”
“You have the pink one.”
Saliss shook his head as he turned away from Octavia. He began setting up the ingredients and equipment they needed. Then he picked up the empty vial. He looked at Octavia, she was bending over, putting her head between her legs.
A wonderful experience. And yet, it was still a potion. With this, you could experience one of the things that made sex so great. And—arguably, experience it better than most could the old-fashioned way.
But people conflated that with the entire thing. Saliss paused.
“Alchemy. Who needs love?”
He only looked a bit sad as he said it. Then he tossed the vial aside and got to work.
 
—-
 
“Well, I think I’ve learned a lot today.”
Fierre nibbled on the tip of her quill as she finished writing. Ryoka reached for a drink with lemon in it. The two young woman were flushed in the small room.
They had just gone through a lot. From the discussion of sexuality as a broader thing than male or female, to the different ways people identified. Things from Earth. Which would be useful. Valuable?
Perhaps, perhaps not. Ryoka had told Fierre because she wanted the young Vampire to know. Not about Earth, but things that were important from there.
