Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 40
Jeiss stepped out of the shadows. The Senior Guardsman and Councilman wore a similar look. And then Klbkch saw more Guardsmen. Some seniors, others regular ones.
All with that look of…Klbkch hesitated.
“What? Why? I have work to do—”
“We’ll cover your shift. It’s all set. Captain Z herself gave the all-clear. Come on.”
“No, I must—what is going on? I am busy. Hello?”
Before Klbkch knew it, the other [Guards] had seized his arms and were towing him in the direction of Wishdrinks. Relc shook his head. Tkrn stared at him.
“Senior Guardsman Relc?”
Had he heard about Klbkch’s mood? This was smooth, for Relc! The Drake looked at Tkrn.
“I guess you heard? I’m just torn up about it. Come on, we’ve booked Wishdrinks. When they heard—they’re giving us a special time. We’ve gotta have a good time, for Klb.”
“What? What happened?”
“You haven’t heard? Oh…oh man. Tkrn…listen…this is gonna break your heart. Klb—he—I can’t say it—”
A little while later, the Antinium Guardsman found himself in Wishdrinks. Everyone was plying him with alcohol, and asking how he felt. Even the staff were giving him special treatment.
Klbkch had no idea why. But the Watch was filling the room. Mostly male Guardsmen, but some female ones. They were acting like they were at a wake.
“I do not understand.”
“I can’t imagine. I heard of a fellow—got hit in that spot. Just…pulled out a wand and blew his head off after two months. You’ve been like this for years? I respect that.”
Jeiss was talking, toasting Klbkch. The Antinium stared at him, then the female Drake.
Watch Captain Zevara. She stared at Klbkch. Cleared her throat a few times.
“I don’t know how to say it, Klbkch. But um…I’m sorry? I heard from Relc. He’s an idiot, but he’s got good tact. You take care of yourself. You’re a valuable member of the Watch.”
Klbkch nodded. He opened and closed his mandibles as Zevara paused, patted him on the shoulder, and went back to mingling. He had no idea what was going on. But the Antinium had earned another day of reprieve. After a moment, Klbkch had to ask.
“…Am I being fired?”
 
—-
 
Somewhere, above, Belgrade, Anand, Garry, and Yellow Splatters were discovering that sex was not what they had expected. Not bad, but certainly unexpected. They were taking notes for part two of their story on sex.
Because they would bring their understanding to the Hive, those four males. They had gone out, into the world. And they had seen the truth.
Up close. Squelching. With fur and scales—not skin, but in different ways. They knew sex.
What fools those Antinium be. Far below, in the Painted Antinium’s barracks, Purple Smiles folded his arms. If he could have, he would have rolled his eyes.
Silly [Sergeants] and [Strategists]. They thought they knew. They thought they could analyze and study everything. But what they didn’t know—what Anand should have guessed at least, as he was better at it—was that some things you didn’t need to research.
You could intuit it. It wasn’t a formula to be cracked, a grand secret to be discovered and made gospel truth.
Sometimes, the secret was something you found. The other [Sergeant] watched as, in an area of the barracks reserved for the most sacred of things, two Soldiers sat.
Chesacre and Thaina. They were in a place next to a wall of…symbols. A place where Soldiers and Workers now, would take on their paint. Would become Painted Antinium.
The two Soldiers had not been painted yet. And they had thought long and hard on who they would be. Now—they chose.
