Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 9
They were two souls and one body. But they were not alike. Geneva had gotten used to her roommate. They had their quarrels, but Okasha had given up much to be Geneva’s shadow.
Still—when differences emerged, they could be tricky. And at the moment—Okasha was vocally unhappy.
“I’m frustrated. I know you are, no matter how much you try to hide it.”
“I’m not—”
Geneva opened her mouth, and closed it. It was hard to argue with someone in your nervous system.
“I could tell yesterday. You were aroused right after dinner! But you never do anything. You just drink and work and drink and work and drink and then you work some more! You don’t stop!”
“We are dealing with a crisis, Okasha. There is a plague beginning in Baleros. And it will spread.”
The [Doctor] was tired. She had indeed been working all day and night. She snapped at Okasha.
“The Yellow Rivers disease is growing in infectious cases and no one but you, me, and the United Nations company is taking it seriously. People do not want to talk about it—and there is no cure!”
“It’s gross. I’m used to bodies, but I don’t know how you can touch them—”
Geneva grimaced. The Yellow Rivers infection, which was a sexually-transmitted disease, was indeed…nasty. Even by the standards of someone in the medical field. And they were used to a lot of horrible things the body could do. But the yellow pus and the open wound the infection caused in the genital regions that spread so quickly along with the smell…
It was a good thing that Okasha could stem Geneva’s gag reflex, and keep her from vomiting. Because even Aiko and the other aspiring [Nurses] and [Doctors] that Geneva had added to her clinic had trouble tending to the patients. But Geneva Scala was tackling the patients—and she had over a hundred of them since the original two had appeared in Quallet Marshhand’s company.
The [Doctor] knew it was going to get worse. But she’d been up for…well, only thirty-two hours. She said as much and Okasha shouted in her head.
“You drink stamina potions like water! It’s not healthy! I’m the one making sure your organs are working! If it wasn’t for me, your lower intestine would be gone!”
“And I’m grateful, really. But Okasha, I have to keep working. If I don’t—”
“‘People die, Hippocratic Oath, I’m Geneva Scala, Last Light of Baleros. If I don’t do something, no one will’. Blah, blah! I’ve heard it!”
The Italian [Doctor] winced. She didn’t sound like…
“I’m sorry. But I don’t have any tools from my world, or antibiotics or medicine. So I have to work myself hard. We can sleep after this.”
“And have sex.”
“Okasha. Have you not seen the Yellow Rivers infection? This isn’t the time for—”
“Wear a condom! You made them and they work! You can spot the infection! Wear one! Find someone! I know you like some of the people around you! Or—we can go to your room, and…”
“No.”
“Geneva, I am going to throw your body at the nearest breathing person if I don’t get something to have fun with.”
The [Doctor] grimly considered the Selphid’s threat. Okasha could and would override Geneva’s nervous systems in dire situations, but this sounded like a threat. And Geneva’s understanding of the Selphid suggested that Okasha might actually be at risk of breaking down.
“…Okay. I’ll look into it.”
“Really? You promise? Swear?”
Okasha raised Geneva’s right arm, which she often got to control. Geneva saw and felt her right hand extend a pinky.
It was odd, pinky-swearing with herself. The [Doctor] sighed, already regretting it. How was she going to…?
