Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 17
“We have a disposal valve.”
“That takes place in sex. But I will admit…I don’t see the other two parts I was instructed to look for. And the disposal orifice is apparently only for advanced experts in sex.”
“Really? Why would you use that area?”
“…They didn’t really say. Then…is pregnancy not a danger to the Antinium?”
Belgrade relaxed. Yellow Splatters nodded.
“Evidently not.”
“But Chesacre and Thaina informed me they are female.”
“Then they are. What is the problem with that? I think it is a good tool to further differentiate Antinium.”
The two looked at each other. Belgrade nodded.
“Indeed. Perhaps other Antinium are female. Fascinating. Is Klbkch female? The Grand Queen?”
They thought about this.
“…Klbkch is probably male. And the Grand Queen female.”
“Biologically, I understand she is. And that Klbkch’s original gender was male.”
“With genitalia?”
“I did not ask him. Would you like to ask?”
“…No. But how do you know so much about this, Yellow Splatters? I had considered myself an authority, even if Miss Erin will not explain the rest to me until I am older.”
Belgrade looked at Yellow Splatters, impressed. The [Sergeant] paused, and for the first time, was truly uncomfortable.
“I should not say.”
“Why? Is it something Klbkch has told you?”
“No…”
“Then why is it not permissible to speak?”
Belgrade looked at Yellow Splatters with the innocent inquisition of someone who really didn’t know. And Yellow Splatters paused only for a moment, because the Antinium outside of Klbkch and the Grand Queen really didn’t keep secrets from one another. It was just an instinct that made him hesitate.
“Well, I have received all this information secondhand. From Pawn. He, I understand, has talked about sex with Lyonette. She tells him many things. And he has seen female genitalia.”
“Really?”
“Yes. And she hugs him and they sit in her room.”
Yellow Splatters realized he was talking in a vacuum. Every other Antinium in the room had turned to stare at him. The [Sergeant] paused, and for once, understood the word ‘gossip.’ But it was too late. Belgrade scooted forwards.
“He did not tell me this. Tell me more.”
“I—understand massages are involved. And hand-holding. But Pawn would know more. I…think it would be wise to be silent, now.”
“…What are massages?”
It was a question that would begin a very eventful little day in The Wandering Inn in earnest.
 
—-
 
“Your meal, sir.”
Garry the [Chef] sat in an outdoor café, waiting for his order. When it came, he stared at the glistening pasta, seasoned with white alfredo sauce and herbs with delight. The Gnoll [Waitress] bowed slightly, stared at him, and saw the Antinium pick up his fork.
“Thank you very much, Miss. I am very happy to partake of it. Do I tip you now? Erin told me it is very important to tip people.”
“No, that comes later. If you would like. Er…sir.”
The Antinium Worker nodded. He picked up the knife and fork and carefully collected some noodles. He was on holiday. He had gotten his…third holiday ever. The Free Queen had given him money, and let Garry go to the city.
Normally, Garry would go straight to The Wandering Inn, but today he wanted to be…adventurous. So here he was, in an outdoor café, a ritzy one, eating good food to expand his own repertoire of recipes.
Garry could eat pasta. He could eat gluten, come to that, because he was a [Chef]. And any decent [Chef] learned a Skill to internalize any food—or make any food he served or ate tolerable.
