Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 18
It was Garry’s new Skill—[Non-Allergen Cooking]. And he wanted to be the first one to serve his fellow Antinium pasta. And bread! All the bread they could eat.
So Garry, with great anticipation, took a bite of his pasta-salad paired with some fine bread and wine. It was a fancy dish, and all the other posh diners were staring out of the corner of their eyes at the Antinium Worker sitting in their midst.
The Worker chewed happily—for two seconds. Then—his mandibles opened. He put down his fork.
“I am very sorry to say this, Miss Waitress, but I fear the pasta is rotten. You may wish to inform the [Chef].”
Instantly, the other diners in the restaurant spat out their food. The Gnoll waitress looked horrified.
“Are you sure, sir?”
“Absolutely.”
Garry pointed at his bite of pasta.
“This cheese is sour. I believe it has been expired, which is not a flaw in my cooking, but in this restaurant…”
Instantly, the diners relaxed. There was a laugh that ran around the tables. The [Waitress] laughed too, relieved.
“Oh, no! That’s the meal, sir.”
Garry stared at the Gnoll.
“But this cheese is sour. Therefore, it is rotten.”
“Sour cheese is a delicacy. Mister, uh, Garry. You pair it with the proper foods.”
The Gnoll [Waitress] explained patiently. Garry stared at her. Slowly, he tasted the cheese, and the delicate mix of vegetables with the sauce. And then the wine.
“Oh. I see. I retract my comments.”
“Is it to your liking, sir?”
“It is very flavorful.”
Garry was truthful. And it was. It was good cooking. Sour cheese was awful, horrendous if eaten on its own, but that was why you mixed it with other food. You created an experience with some wine, other mixes of flavor—
There was just one problem. Garry finished his plate of course, he always finished his plate. And he tipped the Gnoll [Waitress] well enough to make her smile and thank him profusely. But he looked at the gold coins he put on the table.
It was okay. But could you make this for a thousand Soldiers and Workers? Or one hungry Free Queen? Garry walked away from the café, not in as good a mood as when he’d sat down.
He thought about the money he had spent, that his Queen had given him. That he could have bought nice things with, for the other Workers and Soldiers. And Garry felt bad and didn’t like the sour, expensive dish.
His head hung low, Garry decided not to go to the next restaurant. He could have bought so much food for his fellow Antinium. What was the purpose of a fancy meal only one person could eat? It went against his ideals as a [Chef].
And—speak of them already—Garry looked up with surprise as he saw more Antinium headed towards him.
“Garry! Garry, we must sequester your aid. It is an emergency!”
Belgrade waved his arms, all four of them as he shouted. He was accompanied by Anand and Yellow Splatters. Garry stared.
It was not unusual to see his fellow Antinium—well, it was since Garry was so often attending to the Free Queen. But it was astonishing to see them above in Liscor today.
“Belgrade, Anand, Yellow Splatters. What are you doing? The Hive is supposed to be closed.”
Revalantor Klbkch had forbidden any of the Painted Antinium from going above after the Bird incidents. He had—not been happy about Bird.
Only the Free Queen had overridden his restrictions to give Garry the day off. But the other Antinium were either having an emergency…or defying Klbkch’s orders.
Unthinkable. But something impelled the Antinium upwards. And that thing was—
“Sex?”
Garry stared at Belgrade. The Worker nodded.
