Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 19
“Apparently, sex is something other species have. But—and this is my opinion which Anand and Yellow Splatters do not share—I believe sex can lead to unwanted phenomena such as pregnancy!”
“What is that?”
“Something that happens between males and females. Which Antinium are not.”
“Chesacre and Thaina say—”
“They are not female.”
“They say they are. I believe them.”
Yellow Splatters’ arms were folded. Anand looked between Belgrade and Yellow Splatters.
“This is why we are here, Garry. The matter must not wait. If Belgrade is right—all the Antinium could become pregnant. That might make Revalantor Klbkch angry indeed.”
His antennae were flailing with his anxiety. Garry was stunned. All of them…pregnant? He hadn’t thought about it.
“How?”
“We don’t know! We have come above to find out! It could be triggered by sexual intercourse, whatever that is. Maybe—massages? Or hugging? Hand holding? These are all displays of intimacy!”
“Hugging? Hand holding?”
The Antinium looked at each other. This was indeed serious. Serious enough to disobey Klbkch over, even. Garry thought about the food he’d eaten. And he was ashamed. He straightened, and put his hand on his purse.
“I see. This matter concerns the Hive. In that case, you have my support. Was Revalantor Klbkch informed?”
“We…thought it best not to tell him. He need not know about this.”
The other Antinium looked at each other. And rebellion was born of that carnal passion which brought down even empire. Garry nodded.
“In that case, friends, come. I have funds allocated to me by the Free Queen. Let us see if anyone will teach us the intricacies of sex. I only hope I have enough.”
The Antinium nodded. Four now, they turned. The first person they saw was a Drake. They approached him at speed. Yellow Splatters stopped the Drake, who looked alarmed.
“What is it? Raskghar? Oh dead gods, is it the moths again?”
“No, citizen. We merely seek information on…sex.”
“We are willing to pay you for a demonstration. Or to partake of it with us.”
Belgrade offered the Drake some coins. He stared at the four Antinium. And then he backed away slowly. And then turned to run. Belgrade turned to the other Antinium as the Drake fled, shouting for the Watch.
“See? I told you. Handholding. We may already be pregnant.”
 
—-
 
When you got down to it, what was sex? It wasn’t something you had to explain to anyone who had partaken, but even someone who thought they understood the concept could be surprised.
And surely—every parent who had ever had that question pop up dreaded the conversation like nothing else. Because it meant their children would have…sex. Or were at that age.
I mean—sex. Just fine when you had it yourself. No problems there? But a kid? And how did you explain it to them? Especially in a way that conveyed…everything?
Erin Solstice didn’t know. But she thought she understood some of her parent’s pain over their conversations.
“Sex! Sex! Seeeeeex!”
A Gnoll cub raced past Erin on the floor, laughing and shouting the word. Erin covered her face with both hands. Ekirra and Mrsha were howling with laughter as they raced about, playing tag and as Ekirra shouted the word.
He’d learned another one at her inn. His playdates to The Wandering Inn were in jeopardy. But it wasn’t her fault. Despairingly, Erin looked up.
At Relc, Senior Guardsman of the Watch. And his four…criminals. Who had attempted to accost Liscor’s citizens for inappropriate acts.
Belgrade, Anand, Yellow Splatters, and Garry looked up at Erin apprehensively. They had been marched into Erin’s inn and the situation had been explained to her.
