Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 43
“That was amazing! Let’s do it again!”
Geneva hesitated. She stared back at the brothel, and then thought about her duties. It was a bad idea to fraternize with patients. Even if this had been an unusual case. She had a job to uphold. An image to maintain.
She paused.
“We’ll come back in a few days.”
It was a hard truth to swallow for those who hadn’t experienced it. Yes, they inhabited rotting bodies. Yes, they were temporary guests using a shell. But they had learned their forms that people took for granted. Whatever you believed, no matter what you said—
Selphids did it better.
 
—-
 
There was always more to learn about sex. And yes, you could drown in it. It needn’t be all things. But it was a part of life.
Goblins having sex. Antinium understanding romance. The courting and travails therein in regards to Erin Solstice. Vampires and when you were ready to give as much as you took.
Geneva Scala, Last Light of Baleros and extremely eligible bachelorette. Sexual prodigy. Because Selphids were the best at what they did.
And…other couples. In The Wandering Inn, there was a fact no one kept track of. No one really thought of, or cared to measure. And that was that no one had had sex in this particular inn since its inception and construction.
Temile and the [Actors] were certainly contenders. But they tended to find company with their temporary, star-struck fans and since they were new to Liscor, they were still finding their feet.
It would happen. Oh yes. But no sex had been had. Sex had been written, and…that was all. But that evening, the record about no sex was broken.
By a digit. Or—just like phalluses, members, and penii had different words, so too did fingers. And in this case, one gently, delicately moved.
There was a gasp. A short intake of breath. Someone stopped.
“Am I…?”
“No. Go ahead.”
A pause. The digit moved again. And the breathless voice changed depending on how it moved. Poking. Prodding. Pinching delicately—learning what was best and not.
On both sides. After a while, there was liquid. On the digits. The Antinium stared at them, and this new thing. Lyonette exhaled slowly. She looked at Pawn.
“You’re being too careful. You can do…more.”
Her voice wobbled. The Antinium looked at her.
“Are you sure?”
“You’re in my room. Against Klbkch’s orders. And we planned this for the last month.”
The [Princess] snapped at him. Pawn paused.
“True.”
The [Princess] had been noticeably absent from the inn for a while. She hadn’t clashed on Erin’s views regarding Antinium. Perhaps because she had different ones. Perhaps because some things happened behind closed doors.
With chairs and a dresser blocking them. And the shutters were locked too. No little Gnolls or intruders would come in here, thank-you-very-much. And if someone used the Garden to enter—Lyonette had a sword.
“Sorry, Pawn. It’s just—I’m feeling a bit—close. Keep going.”
He did. Carefully. Lyonette made a sound and he stopped.
“Is that—”
“That’s a good sound! Don’t stop! Get the—the things!”
Pawn looked at the bag he’d bought from Krshia’s shop. The Gnoll [Shopkeeper], not working in the Council today, had been very amused by his order. But she had provided, and now, Pawn inspected the stash.
“And I will put them on…”
“Yes! It should fit. Does it—”
It turned out that one of the things Ryoka had told Fierre already existed in this world. Albeit, not common. But marital aids for lovers with problems in bed existed.
