Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 28
The Lizardman paused. Then he shrugged.
“…It’s worse in places with no law. You get a Gold-rank or someone with high-levels that has…bad tendencies? We die. Can’t stop a Level 30 [Warrior]. But we keep an ear out for each other, if we’re wise. If we’re not, it’s bad. Disease—danger—I suppose there’s worse jobs. We enjoy ourselves, mostly. You get Skills, you can get clients who just love you—and, well, people look out for us. I hear it’s bad in Terandria in places, Chandrar—but there are things you hear.”
“Like what?”
“Oh—there’s a group in Izril. Northern. Humans. The Sisters of Chell. Criminal gang. Very big and they take care of you. Mostly females, but if you’re in their city and you work in our trade, you’re safe. No one abuses someone in the Sisters of Chell’s territory.”
“They hunt them down?”
Xeppal grinned.
“Worse. Some of the Sisters—most of them are former [Nightworkers], only, they turn into [Nightstalkers]. [Seductresses]. You try hitting one of them; she might be a Sister of Chell and decide to take souvenirs.”
The [Doctor] paused. She winced, but Okasha laughed. Geneva was just imagining how you’d save that. Well, you could heal it, but the resulting damage…
“I don’t need to keep you, Doctor. Thank you, and we’ll refer anyone to your clinic who has the Yellow River. Hopefully not many.”
Xeppal shuddered. Geneva nodded.
“You’re sure you can use the condoms?”
“What? Oh, you made them in all sizes. Centaur, Dullahan, Human, Lizardman—well, Dullahans and Humans have similar ones. I can put it on just fine. See? Wait…”
Geneva sighed.
“Remember, don’t tear it. Some room at the top. Here—”
She grabbed Xeppal and briskly demonstrated. Geneva was so focused on her work, she didn’t realize the hemipenes were growing until she was halfway through putting the condom on. Xeppal grinned.
“Sorry, Doctor Scala. I can’t help it.”
Geneva blinked downwards. And Okasha made a faint sound. The [Doctor] paused. No.
“Yes! Do it or I swear I will!”
She hesitated. But the young woman looked at Xeppal, and decided—why not? He was an expert.
“Xeppal, tell me if this is intrusive. But if you wouldn’t mind—would you care to try out the condom? With me?”
As lines went, it was a poor one. The Lizardman blinked at Geneva and then beamed from earhole to earhole.
“For you, Doctor? I’ll give you my best service.”
Geneva almost smiled. She began putting her work case aside, but Xeppal slid off the bed. And—he knew the meaning of foreplay. Geneva felt herself getting hot. She blinked. She’d have no problems with Xeppal, prodigious size or not. Her roommate was getting her body ready.
The Lizardman looked at Geneva. And she felt…more than just physically excited. She’d forgotten what it was like. For a moment, she relaxed, and managed a smile.
“I think we need to get some of the [Doctor] uniforms in. I think our clients will enjoy it.”
Xeppal whispered in Geneva’s ear, and licked gently. She shivered. It might be fun after all.
“Yes, yes, yes, yesyesyesyesyesyes—”
She just wished Okasha would shut up.
 
—-
 
“After copious amounts of foreplay, the female was ready to achieve orgasms, which would be the first of many if the mating ritual succeeded in its intended goal. Thereupon, the male inserted his phallus, also known as penis, mini-Relc, or member into the vaginal orifice. Other forms of intercourse would come later.”
A group of Antinium sat in a tent made of cloth. Bird’s Fortress of Fluff had been upgraded. And the three Antinium were squeezed under it, writing in the shade of the hung blankets and comfy pillows.
