Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 29
They were writing about sex. Anand took over.
“And then they had sex. And much sex was had. So much sex that insemination was guaranteed. Which resulted in much procreative pleasure. And—”
Anand looked up from the story, quill in hand.
Yellow Splatters and Belgrade stared at him as all three hid under the blanket in Bird’s room to write their carnal fiction. Anand looked at them, searching for inspiration.
“What do I write next?”
“Um. They had intense sex, which was so intense, they…”
Yellow Splatters paused. It was Belgrade who came up with the rest.
“…They were covered in fluids.”
The other two Antinium looked at him. Anand wrote that down quickly.
“So lewd. So much sex. Well done, Belgrade.”
“Thank you, Anand. Do not forget to mention the part about cunnilingus.”
“Does that come before the sex?”
“Hm. Better write it in twice, before and after.”
“Indeed. Did not Guardswoman Beilmark say that there could never be enough?”
“Indeed, indeed. I believe we are finishing up. Let us present our work to the others.”
 
—-
 
“I hate you.”
Erin stared at Relc. He’d come back after an hour’s quick patrol with Beilmark and he was practically dancing in place, rubbing his claws together. The young woman folded her arms.
“And you, Beilmark? Really?”
The Gnoll Guardswoman didn’t even look ashamed.
“Miss Solstice, it’s hurting no one. And I think even if we laugh about it, better to have something than nothing, eh?”
Erin glared. She was fed up with it. Fed up with people saying ‘it wasn’t any big deal’. Maybe—it wasn’t. Menolit deserved to find someone. He was lonely. Erin wanted him to find love.
And Selys and Drassi—great! Really! Erin had thought about it and that was fine.
But she put her foot down with the Antinium. No. No—they were kids. In a way—almost like her kids. They weren’t even three years old.
“You don’t think it’s wrong for them to be learning about this? Let alone trying it! What if they had?”
“Eh, they’re big kids. Yellow Splatters is as tall as I am.”
“But they’re kids.”
“Are they?”
Beilmark paused. She looked doubtful. She sniffed at Erin.
“Anyways, good sex is good for the body, Miss Solstice. I would know—I wouldn’t have married my husband and stayed all this time if we weren’t having it regularly! Especially with kids and work!”
She laughed. Relc was nodding. Erin bit her tongue.
“I just—I’m not saying it’s bad! It’s just not super necessary, y’know?”
“Hear that? Ouch. Good luck.”
Montressa chortled as she elbowed Palt in the flank. He gave her a resigned look.
“Life’s not all about that, Montressa.”
“She’s not going to even let you get onto Tier 1 of dating with that attitude.”
The [Mages] watched as the young woman folded her arms, looking flustered, annoyed—embarrassed. Relc was rolling his eyes, Beilmark was politely declining to argue about the Antinium’s age—
And then Hawk walked into the inn.
The Rabbit-kin Beastman was as always, one of those people Erin looked at when she imagined physical perfection. Not that she desired to emulate furry abs, but he did have abs.
It had to be the vegetarian diet. Mostly vegetarian, anyways. And Hawk’s entire body was…athletic. From his toned legs and muscles that moved every time he walked—Erin slapped herself. She was focusing on the sex thing too now! Bad influence!
The Courier looked around as Erin, relieved to have a break, walked over to him.
“Hawk! Thank goodness! What’s up? I thought you were heading north!”
