Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 2
“I came here for entertainment, not—that!”
Some of the other regulars were grousing. They weren’t Olesm, or Relc, or Palt or the other big-names that often took part in the inn’s dramas, but…regular diners.
Dierr, an affable [Hunter] who really liked getting his food within a minute of ordering, Menolit, the Drake [Veteran] with half a tail who’d fought in Liscor’s army until being honorably discharged, Ulevissia, a Drake [Mage] who made her entire living making door locks, Fleaears, whose unfortunate name didn’t relate at all to his [Tanner] profession, at least, one hoped—
“I am so sorry. Erin, be quiet. Everyone, please! Let me get you something on the house. Why don’t we all sit and—”
Lyonette rushed around, trying to keep the regulars in their seats. Erin stared around.
“But it’s natural. I mean, okay. I’m sorry I said it out loud. It’s like talking about poo, I guess—”
“Erin!”
The [Princess] snapped at her. Erin shut up as her regulars glared at her. She flushed, and then looked about when she heard a vague, slapping sound.
Temile, and some of the Players of Celum who stayed at Erin’s inn—and the ones who came every day to rehearse—were laughing so hard there wasn’t actually much sound. Just wheezing, painful, choking guffaws, and slapping the table. Temile slowly slid out of his chair as Erin glared at him.
He wasn’t the only one. Mrsha was giggling, even if she didn’t really get all of what had been said. Erin propped her hands on her hips. At least some people were being amused.
“It’s natural!”
“But some things we don’t need to discuss while our guests are eating, Erin. I’ll get Octavia for you; she’s probably asleep still. After another all-nighter at that naked Drake’s lab.”
“Saliss.”
“I know his name. But—dead gods! Can’t he put on clothes?”
“It’d take an army. Anyways, he’s cool.”
“Well, he’s apparently up all night and into the morning! Octavia got back in time for breakfast! Exhausted from making potions all day.”
“Only making potions?”
One of the other regulars quipped as Lyonette went around the inn, doling out a few of the chocolate squares as an apology. Erin saw Menolit, the Drake [Veteran], grinning as he took a square of chocolate. She frowned at him.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
The Drake stared at her. Menolit was scarred, and half of his tail was missing, owing to his service in Liscor’s army. He was touchy about the tail, but Erin liked him and he liked being here—partly because Humans didn’t care as much about the tail.
“Thank you, Miss Lyonette. Er—Miss Solstice, if a young woman’s out with a fellow all night, you don’t think it’s all making potions…?”
He waggled his brows and grinned. Erin gave him a blank look for a second, and then blinked.
“Wha—oh! Hey! No way. That would never—no way. I mean—Saliss wouldn’t—he’s teaching—right?”
She looked at Lyonette, flustered. The [Princess] looked up, absently.
“What? No, I doubt it. And if she is—who cares?”
“But…”
“He’s the best [Alchemist] in the city. Saliss of Lights. I mean, you know there’re other apprenticeships that work that way. A young [Alchemist], does favors for a master…”
Menolit said it matter-of-factly. Erin just looked at him.
“Menolit!”
“What?”
The Drake looked at her. Erin pointed at Mrsha, flushing.
“There are kids here! Don’t talk about s-e-x!”
Mrsha immediately began trying to spell the word out. Menolit gave Erin a long look as his lips moved.
“What, sex? Miss Solstice, it’s natural. I’m not judging. Someone wants to spice things up with that Drake, be my guest. I wish he’d put on pants too, but the Drake’s got spirit.”
