Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 38
“I don’t want to lose my friend. I don’t want to…change that between us. And it would. I can’t even be a good friend. I left the other ones behind. I left…a little kid alone because I’d burn everything down. If I can’t do that, what about a relationship?”
She just sat there, shattering. Fierre stared at Ryoka, wide-eyed. Then she raised her gloved hands, make herself laugh.
“I was kidding! It was a joke. I’m charming you. Obviously.”
She saw the young woman look up. Ryoka brushed at her eyes, refusing to take the offered lie.
“No. You weren’t. But it’s fine to experiment, you know. There’s nothing wrong with liking other people. No matter who you are.”
She had to be honest. Tell Fierre that. The Vampire girl looked at her. Then she went back behind her desk with her chair. She reached for something and pulled it out.
“It’s different for Vampires. There are so few of us, and most are related. And Humans—we can’t just casually…I’ve tried it a few times, but it was a mess. They have to be drunk and not notice how cold I am. And I just want to drink—”
Her teeth shone in the light. But the drink Fierre pulled out wasn’t blood, but alcohol. And blood. She mixed the two into a shot glass and Ryoka smelled strong spirits. The kind that went above 90-proof without killing you. Well…that you could theoretically survive. Magical liquor. It made Ryoka start crying—
No, she’d already begun before that. The young woman blinked as Fierre poured her a drink.
“I see. I’m sorry.”
The Vampire girl smiled. But she looked at Ryoka and the two stared at each other. Ryoka took the glass full of oblivion. Then she had to laugh. Because Fierre hadn’t tossed her out. She still had her friend.
Thank god.
“We’re so fucked.”
“Two messed up girls. I won’t even ask you how you know all that about sex.”
“I was a [Sex Guru] in a previous life.”
Fierre choked on her blood cocktail. Ryoka laughed as she drank and coughed. The two coughed and drank and eventually, Fierre sighed.
“At least I have toys.”
“What, really? They have those here?”
“Where are you from? I couldn’t have them at my home. One time, Fluffles the Fourth found my um…you know. And she was carrying it around my father found it—”
Ryoka began laughing. Fierre laughed too, her paled cheeks tinged with color.
“No way. I’ve been, well, making do. I had no idea—Erin hinted they had some dildos in Liscor, but—really? You can buy them? Tell me where and I’ll go yesterday.”
Fierre laughed.
“There’s a black market. And trust me, there’s variety. Well, there’s aphrodisiac potions too. Virility potions. Magical artifacts…”
“Artifacts? Like what?”
“Ryoka. Artifacts. You want a good time? Illusions? [Mages] get horny too. And trust me—there’s a demand for them.”
The young woman was laughing. In relief. Because she felt like she’d made the right choice. She looked at Fierre, laughing, smiling, trying not to cry.
“You mean, there are magical sex machines?”
“Those are called Golems, Ryoka.”
 
—-
 
Sometimes people didn’t have sex. And that was as significant as when they did. Goblins—Goblins had it easy in a way.
They didn’t dance about it. They had a different idea of how sex worked. Of course, they also had such passions because you could die tomorrow.
Win some and lose some. But sometimes…it was hard.
Dawil found Falene at the bottom of her cups at the bar. She was alone; she was in fact, helping herself to the inn’s liquor.
“Go away, Dwarf.”
