Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 22
The Drake [Veteran] noticed Erin’s glance. He bared his teeth.
“Don’t mind me. I was just going to tell those Antinium it’s not all about romance or how you do in bed. If you don’t get there, what’s the point? It’s harder when you’re disfigured is all I want to say, Erin.”
His expression twisted. And Erin sensed and saw his bleak expression.
“Hey. I’m sorry.”
She sat down at his table. Menolit turned his head, embarrassed, cursing.
“Fuck me like a lizard—don’t mind me, Miss Solstice. I’m just an idiot.”
“No you’re not. Is it…hard? Is it really that bad in Liscor?”
The [Veteran] looked at Erin. He indicated his tail.
“This? Yeah. You don’t know. Which is why I like it here. Gnolls don’t see it as much, but they’ve lived here long enough. It’s like missing part of my face. It happens in battle, but rarely. Drakes don’t strike each other’s tails if we can help it. But when it’s me and half a dozen fellows at a bar, there’s no point competing and I’m hardly rich or funny—”
He cut himself off.
“Don’t mind me.”
But Erin did mind. She reached out. And caught herself.
A trite comment would have been to say that he’d find someone. It would be thoughtless. ‘You don’t need sex, I’m fine’, would also…not apply to him. Erin looked at Menolit.
“…You know, Humans don’t care about tails. Look at me. I think Relc’s a great guy, and I don’t even notice what people say about him.”
She nodded at Relc. Menolit glanced up. He half-grinned, half-grimaced at her. And his mood didn’t really change. Erin could feel his black fury and despair and hurt, oh, the hurt, while he sat in her inn.
She was growing as an [Innkeeper]. Menolit spat his response.
“I’d—wonder if you’d give me a chance, then, Miss Solstice?”
He looked at her, challengingly. Erin hesitated.
“I’m not dating anyone.”
“Right. But if you were…I imagine it would be someone in your species, or someone like…Olesm Swifttail. Someone else. Someone with high levels or…”
Menolit didn’t finish. He laughed harshly. And paused, as Erin reached out.
“Hey. Stop that.”
She looked at him, squeezing his wrist hard. Erin Solstice looked at Menolit.
“I’m not interested in you, Menolit. I shouldn’t have said that about Humans. But it doesn’t matter what you look like to me.”
She met his eyes. Menolit paused, searching them. Then he shrugged.
“…Wish every woman was like you, Miss Erin.”
“Nah. We bleed too much each month.”
He laughed at that. Then shook his head.
“…I’m sorry. Can I—I’d like to order something. The fire drink. The—Minotaur’s Punch.”
Erin hesitated, but what else could she do? She nodded.
“Drassi—”
The [Bartender] went to her bar and fetched the pink flame, mixing the drink of glory and nostalgia. It hurt, but not as much as the Faerie Flower drink raw. Erin brought it back to Menolit.
“On the house.”
“Thank you.”
He saluted her, crisply, and then drank. Erin saw him go somewhere else for a second. Then—Menolit heaved himself up and joined the laughing conversation.
Perhaps not better, but at least it was something. Erin wandered back to the bar, feeling sad for him. But she couldn’t fix the world’s ills. But maybe if she circulated the thought among some of her female regulars…
Here she was doing it. Erin blinked. But it was different for someone else—
“Psst, Erin.”
Lyonette drew the [Innkeeper] aside. She sighed as Erin looked at her quizzically.
“You can’t give all these drinks on the house, Erin.”
“But he’s a regular…”
The [Princess] stopped Erin.
