Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 4
“You know Stitch-People. I hear they can switch out body parts and do a lot of crazy things. And they can repair their bodies, so they can get rough. Like—have you heard the stories about how the male ones can have huge, things? And some Drakes—and Gnolls!—want to know how it feels. But you can tear—”
“Drassi! Mrsha is right there!”
Erin shouted. Mrsha recoiled as Erin pointed at her. Drassi looked at Selys. The [Heiress] was nodding.
“Don’t be vulgar, Drassi.”
“You know you’d try it.”
“Mrsha’s just a kid. Mrsha, go over there. And I don’t think Octavia’s sleeping with Saliss, Erin. But if she is…well, I don’t think [Alchemists] are that different. If Saliss was a high-level [Warrior], now—Drassi?”
The [Gossip] was nodding as Mrsha was ushered off the table. Erin practically hurried her over to Lyonette.
“[Alchemists] are kinky, Selys. Kinky. Potions. Sex.”
“Oh. But how would you know?”
“I dated a few of Liscor’s [Alchemists]. They’re low-level, but they still make stamina potions. And that’s—”
“Hey.”
Erin slapped her hands down on the table. Selys and Drassi started, looked at her. Erin was flushing and glaring at the two of them.
“This isn’t appropriate for the morning, you know? Mrsha’s here, and she has good ears. Right?”
She looked from face to face. And Erin Solstice, who had happily pontificated on the issue of periods in front of the entire room, looked…awkward. Selys and Drassi blinked at each other.
And they both had the same thought again. The two engaged in a sub-vocal argument, and in the end, Selys lost. She looked at Erin.
“Erin…why don’t you have a seat?”
“I’m not gonna sit if you two are going to be weird—”
“Have a seat, come on.”
The two practically pushed Erin into a seat. The [Innkeeper] looked at the two of them.
“What? What?”
Selys took a breath. She remembered that conversation from a while ago. She hadn’t given it a lot of thought, but now…she looked at Erin.
“So…have you had sex recently?”
Erin froze. Dierr glanced up from his seat and pretended to be interested in his steak again. A Centaur, opening the door to the common room, halted in his tracks. Montressa and Beza ran into Palt’s behind, but the Centaur motioned them back.
The young woman paused.
“What? What sort of question is that?”
“…A normal one?”
Selys raised a brow. Erin looked at her friend, and then at Drassi.
“Seems sort of personal, right?”
“I dunno. We’re friends. Drassi’s not gonna spill it, Erin.”
“[Gossip]’s honor. But yeah, have you had a good one recently, Erin?”
“Hey now. I really don’t feel like—”
“Krshia told me she doesn’t think you’ve masturbated all month. And she said that last month. And the month before that. Erin—do you have a problem? Because there’s a potion for that.”
The two female friends stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] stood up. Her face was beet red.
“Krshia said—? I don’t need to take this!”
She began to storm off, but the two Drakes grabbed her arms and towed her back. It was hard; Erin had [Lesser Strength].
“Erin, come on!”
“We’re not judging—”
“You aren’t, Drassi? I am.”
“Hey! Let go of—”
Erin found herself sitting at the table, held captive…well, not really. But the two Drakes were looking at her seriously. Selys had to go first.
“Erin…do you think maybe you’re being a bit…prudish?”
“About se—about the thing? Yes! Especially with a kid around!”
Drassi glanced at Mrsha.
“But she knows about sex, Erin. Gnoll kids do.”
“What? She’s far too young to—”
“She’s a Gnoll, Erin. She lived in a tribe. She has a nose and ears. All Gnoll kids know about sex when they’re young. What’s wrong?”
