Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 44
Strap-ons, if it wasn’t clear. Pawn stared down at the thing he was tying to his waist. It was mimicking a Human’s, which was what Lyonette had required. Gnolls and Drakes were a…step up.
“Where did you get this? Krshia only provided the harness.”
Lyonette was kicking the edge of the bed with impatience. They’d taken their time. Escalated to this moment over weeks of talking, conversation—experimenting. Seeing each other as more than just Antinium [Priest] and Human [Princess]. Slowly.
Which, of course, made this moment only the more special. Lyonette had been disturbed by Erin’s revelation that [Priests] were not supposed to do anything to other people. Pawn had considered this. And decided he could live with [Acolyte].
“Krshia keeps giving them to Erin. She never uses them. Is it ready? I’m ready.”
“Are you sure? This is an important moment, Lyonette—”
The irony was that Pawn could have educated Belgrade and the others in everything they needed to know. He faced the [Princess], and Lyonette du Marquin smiled up at the Antinium Worker. Her eyes shone as she replied.
“Well, I’m a terrible [Princess]. I guess my parents will have to live with that. Come here.”
She and the Antinium met on the bed. And Lyonette gasped and Pawn instantly cast [Heal Minor Wounds], which was hilarious. And silly. And an accident. And the two found something new out about each other and themselves.
And they had sex. But because it was the first time, it was sort of vanilla.
Sometimes vanilla was a good thing.
 
—-
 
One. Last. Thing.
And this was the biggest of them all. The pinnacle of a day full of madness and lewd things. Sex and romance. Heartbreak and choice.
Erin Solstice sat in her inn. She was not aware of Pawn and Lyonette—if she had been, she would have assumed they were just having one of their chats. Which usually took place in the room and why would she think on it?
She was ignorant of it. And…preoccupied herself. Erin stared aimlessly around as she sat in the Garden of Sanctuary. No one was in here; she could sense it.
Also, no one could go through the magic door. She was sure of that too, which was a relief. Mrsha was in Liscor, tossing meat bits at a young Frost Wyvern. The other guests were occupied.
She was alone. In her [Garden of Sanctuary], her Level 40 Skill that no one could enter.
In the tropical section, deep inside it, out of view.
Sitting behind a tree.
With a bunch of curtains up. Well, bed sheets.
Erin had been trying to figure out…the best place. Because when you got down to it, The Wandering Inn did not encourage privacy, at least, of the kind that made you reassured enough to do what you wanted to do.
There was nowhere not…exposed. The outhouses were outside, and grouped somewhat close together. Rooms? Hah! Those had windows, and Workers marching about on the roof and they were technically accessible via the Garden of Sanctuary. Erin was realizing the flaw in her new Skill.
And where else could you go if you were going to…not want to be seen? Make some noise? Really, think about it. Where could you go?
The Floodplains? If you weren’t in view from the walls of the city, there were Shield Spiders, Rock Crabs…caves had monsters in them.
There was nowhere in a city. Erin didn’t have an apartment. Gnolls had noses. Oh—and even if you thought about going somewhere else, like the Strongheart farm—
To begin, with, no. And secondly, there was only like…the barn. With cows and animals staring at you.
