Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 25
And Leapwolf. The two Goblins were naked. Leapwolf was on the bed and Redscar was paused, hand on an erect phallus. Leapwolf stared at Calescent and turned red. Redscar’s grip tightened as he grinned at Calescent. Leapwolf groaned, back arching, sweat on his brow.
“Chieftain?”
Calescent pointed lamely at his bowls. He heard a growl.
“Next time, knock.”
Rags was peering at the two Goblins who’d been giving her a demonstration. For fun. And education. Calescent slowly nodded as he saw Rags sitting in a chair.
“Food?”
All three Goblins shouted at him and the Hobgoblin hurried out the door. He sighed.
“Probably need locks. Must make better food for after-sex.”
He marched off.
 
—-
 
Did it offend people, to discuss sex? To say penis? Or vagina? Or describe sex in intimate ways? The answer was yes. Perhaps, because most people weren’t good at it.
Call it crude, or needlessly lascivious. Unchaste, as some might label discussions of anything close to carnality. But it happened, and there was a difference in…understanding.
For example, what the Antinium learning expedition found was that there was a very wide sample size of techniques between the species they surveyed. And there was a correlation between genders; they’d surveyed enough people to ensure it wasn’t casual correlation.
“Okay, so there are different positions—and uh, if you’re really persuasive, there’s even the butt—”
Relc’s lesson on sex with some visual hand-gestures was interrupted by a female Gnoll who kicked him in the back. She urgently pulled him aside and spoke to the Antinium.
“Ignore him. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. If you want to make the female happy, you can’t just rush into it. If that happens, I know I’ll have a bad time, yes?”
Her comment was accompanied by nods from around the table. Female nods. Relc flushed.
“Hey! I don’t get any complaints!”
“We know what to expect from you.”
That comment made Relc flush. The female Gnoll leaned over and Belgrade, Anand, and Yellow Splatters all leaned in. They were taking notes.
“Touching first. Obviously you court her—the experience is the entire event. Not one quick explosion. At least—not for us. And technique matters! You can’t just go at it like—”
She nodded at Relc. The Drake grinned.
“But I can go all day! Not bad, right, Beilmark?”
The Senior Guardswoman rolled her eyes. She was partnering with Relc for the interim—there was a situation with Bearclaw in Liscor and she’d come to ask why he hadn’t checked back in. She’d been sucked into the debate.
“Relc, not all women want to go for an hour.”
“But that is important. Just a bit of time. Mm—just not really short.”
“As long as they build up to it properly, it doesn’t matter—”
Belgrade was frantically scribbling down what was, when you got down to it, a lot of contradictory advice.
“I see, I see. May I see a demonstration?”
Laughter. The Worker looked up—he had been serious.
“Will you please demonstrate? Be specific as possible, please. I can pay—”
“We talked about this.”
Relc coughed, looking amused.
“Oh, it’s inappropriate. I apologize. Then—may I receive a verbal description of the techniques employed?”
Beilmark had to sit back, laughing, but Relc jumped in.
“I’ve got one. You can use Skills in bed. [Triple Thrust]. Oh yeah.”
The entire group around the table stared at Relc. Menolit choked on his drink.
“Really? How does that…work?”
The Drake [Guardsman] paused, and some of his bravado faded.
“It uh, tends to hit the right spot, and then her navel and thigh. Hurts like hell.”
