Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 21
The Drake was indeed putting shiny stones in the pond, or rather, choosing the shiny ones Numbtongue brought back from his expeditions and putting the ones she didn’t want on the pond floor.
“Why? It happens all the time.”
“All the time?”
The Antinium stared as the little Gnoll nodded solemnly. So did Mrsha. Then they fell over each other, laughing. They were enjoying this. Erin was not.
“It’s serious! Ekirra, in the garden. You too, Mrsha!”
“They know about sex, Erin. I keep telling you—Ishkr, tell her.”
The Gnoll [Waiter] paused as he swept the floor. He looked at Erin, and at Selys, who was waving him over into the discussion.
“…I’m just working. I’d like to keep working, please.”
Ishkr retreated out of the conversation. Relc chortled.
“Look, boys, it’s simple. Sex is where you take your thing, and you go like—”
It was amazing how with two hands he could break down sex into a single motion. One hand pointed, and two fingers made a circle and—Erin shouted.
“Relc! Come on!”
“Can you give details, please?”
Belgrade and Anand were taking furious notes. Relc was only too happy to, as were other members of the inn. Erin threw up her hands.
“Perverts!”
“Erin, how else are they going to learn? Isn’t it better for them to learn?”
That reasonable question came from Selys. Erin hesitated. She looked at the Workers, who had gone over to a table with some of the guests willing to talk to them about sex. It was entertainment to the guests and…well, they did have to know.
“I guess.”
Erin subsided. She still felt embarrassed—doubly so when Ekirra leapt around singing about what he’d seen.
“Ekirra, dear.”
Lyonette’s voice was stern and made the little Gnoll pause, warily. Erin stared askance as he ducked his head and stopped laughing around.
“Hey! That didn’t work with me.”
“Because I’m the mean, strict mother and person managing this inn. And you’re the cool boss.”
The [Princess] grinned at Erin’s expression. The young woman stared as Belgrade asked Ulevissia.
“So you’re sure that there is no pregnancy from any act other than inserting the…what did you call it?”
“Penis.”
“Shaft.”
“Thing.”
“Second-spear? Mini-Relc?”
“…These are a lot of terms. Are you sure they refer to the same organ?”
Laughter from around the room. Even Erin’s lips twitched. It was so…vulgar? Well, that or silly. And all the regulars had their own opinions.
“Yes, and you should give someone a gift. You have to court someone before you can have sex, dear little Belgrade.”
Ulevissia was telling the [Tactician]. Relc laughed.
“Not if it’s a single night. Then, you only have to use one of your best pickup lines. I’ll teach you a few. Okay, if they’re a Gnoll you say—”
More laughter as half of the crowd told Relc to stop giving bad advice. Erin shook her head. And then she heard someone cursing.
“Lizard-faced harpy. Gifts? That’s how females suck you dry. You pay a day’s pay and what do they do?”
That remark stood out to Erin in the crowd, as did the sour expression and what she sensed—dark anger. Erin turned.
“Hey. Menolit. Do you have a problem?”
The Drake [Veteran] stopped cursing Ulevissia under his breath. He glanced up, and then away from Erin.
“Sorry, Miss Solstice.”
Erin looked at the Drake [Mage]-[Tinkerer], but she hadn’t heard anything. She went over to Menolit’s table, sensing his dark mood at Ulevissia’s comments.
“What’s wrong? Most women don’t need gifts, you know, Menolit.”
She stared down at the Drake. She knew Menolit, and his upset expression and—she realized she was looking at his tail for signs of his mood. But most of his tail was gone, leaving only a stump.
