Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 1
The young woman frowned. She didn’t see a few of the breakfasters looking up, especially some of the Gnolls who had good ears.
“Ha. Ha. I never asked, but um…you get them?”
Lyonette gave Erin a look.
“Yes, Erin. I get them.”
“I’m just checking! Maybe you get a fancy Skill that stops menstruation or whatever. Or…I was wondering if there were any differences because we’re…”
Erin made a wild hand gesture to say ‘from different worlds, and thus having the distinct possibility of some kind of genetic differences from the environments we are raised in, the proximity of magic, and other extraneous and unknown factors.’ The [Princess] just shrugged in reply.
“Actually, I usually take a potion. My entire family does. But we’re like you, Erin. Actually—my bleeding is bad.”
“Really?”
“Yes. Mrsha got worried the first time it happened. But since Octavia’s here, I think I might switch to potions.”
“Potions? Well, I know they stop you bleeding—but do they like, work perfectly? Are there side effects?”
“Mm…not really. You can get a few symptoms, but [Alchemists] are good about it. And it apparently stops you menstruating at all. So the one downside is that sometimes you have a [Lady] or even a [Queen] who has children in her sixties if she’s taken the potion all her life…”
“Whoa. But that’s…well, I guess biologically…wait, do you know about eggs?”
“…Eggs? We’re talking about children, Erin. What are you talking about?”
“Biology! Wait, you don’t know? You don’t know!”
The [Princess] just gave Erin one of her looks.
“Erin, it’s too early for this.”
But the young woman was already excited.
“I need to sit down with you and explain! There’s this thing—inside our bodies. Our, you know, vaginas—and we have eggs—”
She felt a bit embarrassed. The [Princess] was just staring, trying to process the fact that Humans laid eggs. It promised to be an interesting discussion, but a voice growled, interrupting them.
“Excuse me. Do you mind? I’m trying to eat, here!”
A Gnoll looked up from his table. And he was male—that was just a…fact worth noting. Erin and Lyonette turned and looked at him.
“What?”
“Do you mind? I’m having breakfast!”
The Gnoll looked affronted. Lyonette and Erin looked at each other. Both frowned at the guest.
“What’s the matter? It’s just biology!”
“It’s disgusting. Humans bleed from…I can’t.”
He pushed back his morning steak. Erin glowered.
“Hey, Dierr, you don’t like it? It’s what women have to go through! You don’t like hearing about it? How you do think I like blood coming out my—”
Half the diners instantly stopped eating as Lyonette slapped a hand over Erin’s mouth. The young woman hesitated.
“Um—sorry. Maybe it is a bit crude.”
Dierr, who was a regular of Erin’s inn, shook his head a few times.
“Humans. Gnoll women don’t go through that.”
“Yeah? Oh wait, yeah. They don’t.”
Erin recalled a conversation with a female Gnoll. It was true—Gnolls didn’t go through the monthly bleeding process. Neither did Drakes. They had different systems that had evolved in their species. Erin hesitated.
“Well, yeah. Gnolls don’t have periods, but they have um, what’s the term? Estrus? Mating periods. And Krshia told me that when they do, they have the same sort of, y’know…stuff. Coming out of you-know-where. Actually, she told me it can be blood, or brown…”
That did it. Almost every male diner and most of the female ones put down their utensils and had to push their plates back for a second. Lyonette covered her face.
“Erin.”
“I don’t need to hear this!”
Dierr stood up, looking ill and agitated. Erin looked around; some of the guests were doing the same.
