Mating Rituals Pt.2
Page 31
“A Rabbit-man and a Drake? Do the parts fit? Is it that much better than with honest Drakes, or is nothing broken? Good thing too, going exotic. Maybe I should! Although I hear Humans have hair down there. And they bleed. So not so great for us fellows, is it? But I guess it balances out—poor fellow over there probably can’t find anyone who’s not into getting torn a new one.”
He waved at Palt. The Centaur looked around. Everyone stared at the half-man, half-horse. Drassi winced.
“Ooh. How would you—?”
Menolit talked over her. He was drunk, and angry, and sad—Erin stood up slowly as he whirled.
“Or the Minotauress? Giant cow-woman?”
“You—”
Beza stood up and Montressa and Palt forced her down—with spells as much as muscle. Menolit stared at Beza, and then waved at Palt.
“At least I have a friend over there. Two of us who’ll never get anything. One of us can’t fit, and the other’s a freak! Neither one works, see? At least the Courier got some, but then, he’s rich—”
He turned as Erin walked forwards. The young woman stared at Menolit.
“Hey, Menolit. Why’d you have to say that?”
The [Veteran] looked at Erin.
“Am I wrong?”
She looked up at him.
“Yeah.”
“Really? So looks don’t matter at all? This? Doesn’t matter?”
He waved his tail around, the severed stump of it. Erin wiped some spit off her face. She looked past Menolit, at Palt.
The Centaur was holding back Beza. And he had a calm expression on his face. But [Illusionists] wore masks. Erin sensed how he was feeling too. So she spoke to both of them.
“You know, Menolit. I’m sorry about what I said. Because the truth is, I don’t have a problem with how you look. I really don’t. It doesn’t matter who you are. What you look like. What scars you have. If I like you, it’ll work. Somehow.”
“I suppose if you weren’t putting it in—no, wait, that’s what potions are for. Stretching, shrinking or getting bigger yourself…”
“Drassi.”
Erin looked at the [Gossip]. Drassi stopped whispering. She looked at Menolit. The Drake was looking at her.
“Then what about me?”
“I don’t know. I’m sorry, but I don’t like you, Menolit. But Selys? What did she do to you? Hawk?”
The Drake [Veteran] paused. He looked past Selys. Erin pushed gently, and the alcohol in his system, some of the fury, turned maudlin. He lowered his gaze.
“I’m sorry. I’ve disgraced myself.”
“Let’s get you home, buddy.”
Relc strode forwards. Erin looked at him, and shook her head.
“He’s fine. Come on, let’s get you sat down.”
“I should go. I’m—”
“You remember what I said a few nights ago, Menolit? People get second chances.”
The young woman led him back to his seat. The angry drunk [Veteran] gone. And he had been a good fighter. People relaxed. Erin sat Menolit down, gave him some goat’s milk. The Drake lowered his head.
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. You can apologize again. But Menolit?”
“Hm?”
“If you say that stuff again, I’m gonna hit you with a pan.”
He smiled at that. And Erin smiled too. She couldn’t save the world yet, but she was working on one sad Drake. Among others.
 
—-
 
And then the Antinium came downstairs and presented their story. Relc nearly died of laughter. So did most people. The Antinium might have noticed the laughter wasn’t their intended response, but they looked…pleased.
“We are eliciting a response. And I am pleased at it. Let us sell our copies to Liscor and bring the story to the Antinium. Aside from experiencing the pleasures of sex, and the act of pregnancy—no—wait—that is for females—I think we have done a good job.”
“Yes, we must simply ensure Chesacre and Thaina do not engage in it.”
