Mini Stories – Crabs and Drinks
Page 4
Anyone at all. It was also probably why Pawn had to stop and poke himself in the head every now and then. Probably a defect in the Worker. Dekass had pity for the Free Antinium, but only in an abstract sense.
He was, after all, a Prognugator, and he evaluated purely on the logic of what he saw. The Free Antinium had little to boast of. The Painted Antinium just wore…paint. The strange [Sergeant], Yellow Splatters, despite having a voice, was still inferior to a Prognugator’s creation process. And Pawn?
“I am waiting to experience the manifold benefits the Free Antinium—I mean, our Hive has to offer…us.”
Dekass looked around, sitting with military stiffness. Pawn’s antennae waved and he looked around. He met Tersk’s gaze, then Yellow Splatters. Wearily, Pawn replied.
“I am sure you will enjoy the food when it arrives, Dekass.”
“Waiting around for food is extremely inefficient. We have already waited two minutes and fifteen seconds. Is this delay customary of…our Hive?”
Pawn paused.
“This is not our Hive. This is an inn. We are visiting it and it is very busy.”
“For optional nutritional supplementation. Tersk has explained it to me, but I still do not see the benefits. Why do Antinium need additional nutrients? Is the Hive’s resource that low?”
Challenging questions from Dekass. He was pleased to note that Pawn put his head in his hands. All four of them. Clearly, Dekass was exposing many flaws of the Free Antinium. He didn’t quite understand why Tersk kept glaring, but Dekass would make a full report to the Armored Queen. The Free Antinium had nothing valuable! Nothing except their strategic location under Liscor.
And…Klbkch the Slayer. Dekass clicked his mandibles softly together a few times. He looked around warily. And him. But everything else? No.
For some reason, the conversation kept ending abruptly. Dekass, waiting impatiently as he surveyed the inn, decided to keep probing the two Free Antinium. After all, they had to wait for their food. What an inefficient system! And this Yellow Splatters had insisted that the other Workers and Soldiers be served first. But this table was filled with the most important Antinium!
It boggled the mind. What had changed Tersk so after visiting this place? Dekass clicked his mandibles before speaking.
“The two week delay we encountered on…not arriving in the city was regrettable. However, I have toured the Free Antinium’s facilities thoroughly.”
“Extensively.”
Pawn agreed. Yellow Splatters rumbled behind him.
“Aggravatingly.”
Dekass decided to ignore that last comment. He looked at Tersk.
“When will we depart, Tersk? We must return to our…designated work area soon.”
“When we have eaten food.”
Tersk replied absently. He was locked onto the Drake and Gnolls circulating the room with trays. Dekass did not see the point. He folded two of his four arms.
“We have imbibed sufficient nutrients each day in the Hive. I do not see why—”
“Sorry for the delay! Four bowls of soup! Here you are Pawn, Yellow Splatters!”
A bright voice made all four Antinium turn. Pawn uttered a prayer of relief as he turned to the server.
“Thank you, Lyonette.”
“No problem, Pawn. Let me know if you or the Antinium want seconds! I’ll come back later, but it is busy—Relc sit back down and get out of the kitchen! I’ll get you more food!”
Lyonette ran off. Dekass noted Pawn’s head turning to follow her. That was another peculiarity. Of course, his cover was perfect, but the Human hadn’t even looked twice at the Antinium. And Dekass had seen Drakes and other species before. They had screamed and fled. Or died.
