Mini Stories – Crabs and Drinks
Page 6
And now, she’d evolved her class into [Bartender]. And Drassi was happy. Bartending was a great job. Sure, you had to know how to mix drinks and she was still learning, but Erin was bad with alcohol and her idea of good bartending was Drassi filling mugs, not mixing drinks. And meanwhile, Drassi could chat.
“So, I haven’t seen Erin, but between you and me, I know where she is. Pallass Hunting. It’s some fancy hunting experience for Gnolls and Drakes. She was talking with Rufelt and Lasica after her inn broke and they sent her over for some actual rest and relaxation.”
She was leaning on her bar, chatting with Elirr and Krshia. Everyone had come by to ask Liscor’s number one chatterbox about Erin. Even Lism! The grumpy Drake was sitting with Olesm and Drassi was glad he wasn’t pestering her about ‘that darned Human’. But Krshia and Elirr were friends.
“Pallass Hunting?”
Elirr looked blank as Drassi explained the concept. He shook his head along with Krshia.
“City Gnolls, no? If they want a hunting experience, have them come to Liscor. Our [Hunters] can show them the experience of running away from Rock crabs and avoiding Shield Spider pits.”
“Well, I think the point is that it’s easy. But I hope she comes back soon! The inn’s not the same without her, right? I was just thinking—oh! Sorry! One second!”
Drassi saw two people standing at the bar out of the corner of her eye. She turned—she was working and Lyonette had had words with her—and stopped.
“Hello. We are ordinary Antinium. We would like to peruse your supply of liquids.”
Tersk and Dekass stared at Drassi’s bar. They stared at the drinks. They stared at Drassi. She stared back. The Drake’s mouth opened. She looked at Krshia and Elirr. The Gnolls blinked at the…strange Antinium. They’d been wandering around the city and the Council had been asking what was going on, but they did have a deal with the Antinium.
“Um—you want drinks?”
“Yes. We have money. You have liquids. I am told it is customary to drink.”
One of the Antinium looked at Drassi challengingly, as if she was going to dispute the facts he’d been informed of. She hesitated, but Drassi was never going to miss this prime gossiping experience.
“Uh—of course! Sit down, anywhere you like! On this side of the bar. Drinks! For money! Yeah! That’s how it works! I have never had an Antinium have a drink here. That’s amazing.”
The two Antinium froze as they sat on stools. They looked at each other quickly, and one of them raised his hand.
“Ah, but we are ordinary Antinium so any misapprehension you have is clearly your fault, Miss.”
“…Right. Uh—what do you want to drink?”
“What liquids are customary?”
Dekass craned his neck to see the menu on the chalkboard. An actual drinks list. Drassi beamed.
“Well, most people get an ale, but I know Antinium have this thing about gluten. So—we have stronger stuff. Gin, rums—whiskeys, although they’re hot—”
“What is the point of drinking a liquid other than water? Is there an enhanced nutritional benefit? Does it taste good? That is important information.”
Dekass interrupted urgently. The Antinium had food all over his mandibles. Drassi thought she’d seen him inhaling food. She paused.
“Well—yes! They’ll make you fat. Believe me, I used to drink half my meals. I had this awesome time with Selys when we were—ahem. Yes, they do taste different too. Some people don’t like the taste! Erin hates ale. And she doesn’t drink, which is weird for an [Innkeeper]. Then again, if you’ve met Peslas—he’s another [Innkeeper], you can appreciate not having a gut like—”
