S02 – The Antinium Wars (Pt.3)
Page 3
“I was under the impression that this ‘bedtime story time’ event was to be undertaken without commentary, Erin.”
He looked around the room at the rows of silent Workers and Soldiers. They sat on the floor, each one cocooned in layers of blankets and pillows. Most of the Antinium had mugs of hot milk and honey in their hands, or bowls of popcorn. Some had roast bees, others fish congee—Erin had outdone herself in preparing for tonight. She had received special permission to come into the Hive itself and participate in the bedtime event.
She just hadn’t realized that this was the story Klbkch would choose to read out loud. Erin blamed herself. She should have offered to tell everyone the story of Winnie the Pooh, or Alice in Wonderland. Instead, they were reading about the history of a war.
“I’m just saying that it’s dark, Klbkch! Really dark!”
“I can request more light if you want.”
Pawn turned to Erin, solicitously offering her one of the lanterns scattered around the room. They gave the large barracks a comfortable glow. She sighed.
“Never mind. But are you all really enjoying yourselves?”
She looked around. Belgrade, Anand, Garry, Pawn, and Bird all nodded happily. Bird was playing with his pillow, pulling out feathers and identifying them under his breath.
“Goose. Goose. Goose. Oh. A duck’s feather. I am very content.”
“So are we. I feel warm and comfortable. It is a unique experience to have while resting.”
Anand nodded. He was swaddled in a blanket and crunching on some buttery popcorn. Erin turned to her right.
“How about you?”
She addressed a huge Soldier who was nearly engulfed by three blankets and six pillows. The Soldier’s head poked out of his cocoon of blankets, staring at Erin. It was horrifyingly cute or just…horrifying if you couldn’t see past their exoskeletons. Still, Erin thought the Soldier looked comfortable. He was certainly clutching his pillow tightly with all four arms. She smiled at him.
“Aw, okay. You’re good. But I still think this is really violent stuff!”
“Wars usually are. But as I was reading—this writer has a very objectionable description of our species. I was present at the battle and I do not believe the Antinium ‘trembled like the insects we are’ or ‘barely mounted an effective counterattack’. As I recall, myself and Xrn were the only two Prognugators close enough to respond. We marched on the attacking Drake army and found them dug into the area. They had created a kill zone with [Mages] and [Archers] and a wall of [Spearmen]. We could only assault them head on, which is what they desired. It was…unpleasant.”
“You were there, Revalantor Klbkch? Will you tell us the story from your perspective?”
Belgrade sat up eagerly, holding a warm mug of milk. Klbkch hesitated.
“There is not much to say. We charged. They held. We charged again. Still they held. And then we charged a third time and they broke. That was all there was to it.”
Klbkch shrugged awkwardly, almost embarrassed by the question. Belgrade looked disappointed.
“Surely there must have been more to it than that. The Drakes were ready for you, were they not? It seems incredible that they would be defeated so easily.”
His observation made Klbkch look down at the book. He casually reached down and tore out a page and crumpled it up into a fist.
