S02 – The Antinium Wars (Pt.1)
Page 2
I have inspected the corpses myself, and I must confess, they gave me quite a stir when I saw them. These new monsters are like nothing I have encountered either as an adventurer or Guild Master. They are some kind of insect, with black bodies and tough exoskeleton, and yet have four arms and two legs and apparently walk on two legs like Drakes and Gnolls. Their blood is green, and their eyes are multi-faceted like an insect, and they have wicked mandibles with which they might bite. 
I have never seen this kind of monster before. I am unsure if it is some new dungeon-spawn or a species of some kind. I am writing to you in hopes you will know their species and know of an appropriate bounty to reward the adventurer with. He claims the creatures fought with unusual ferocity, not ceasing until he shot each one through the head and hacked off their heads. Please advise soonest,
 
–Guild Master Pessia
 
Fortunately, Guild Master Jekra was able to connect the bodies of the Antinium with the rumors from Rhir and immediately raised the alarm with each of the Walled Cities, urging immediate action and mobilization of each city-state’s standing armies.
It is here that multiple written accounts of the following events begin, and so the decisions made by the leaders of each Walled City* cannot be cast into doubt. For nearly a month, authorities debated and argued against the presence of the Antinium within Issrysil. Lacking evidence of the Antinium outside of eyewitness accounts (the bodies of the slain Antinium had long since been disposed of by the time others could verify the claim), and due to the lack of any prolonged conflict, the collected authorities failed to take decisive action.
 
*The famed Walled Cities are not all ruled by the same methods of government. Some espouse an elected official, while others are managed by a body of powerful individuals or, in some cases, a hereditary leader.
 
A few leaders of Walled Cities posted hefty bounties for Gold-rank adventuring teams to explore the area where the Antinium had been sighted, but again the Antinium preferred to avoid combat where possible, and thus the adventurers returned empty-handed, emboldening the claims that this was merely a false alarm.
On the outskirts of civilization near the mountains and in the highlands, further reports of mysterious monsters and strange people moving about at night continued to appear, in growing numbers and proximity to towns and cities. [Strategists] believe that these were the first scouting groups deployed ahead of the main assault.
However, word of the Antinium’s arrival had been kept to a bare minimum of people, as the leaders of the Walled Cities did not wish to start a panic. Only a few other individuals of note knew of the Antinium’s presence, including the young Lady Magnolia Reinhart, Lord Tyrion Veltras, and General Sserys.
It is unknown how Lady Magnolia and Lord Tyrion learned of the Antinium, but it is speculated that both Humans had access to powerful magic spells which alerted them to this issue. While Lord Tyrion knew of the Antinium, he took the view that any conflict would only weaken both Antinium and the Drake and Gnoll populations, allowing the Human cities to easily crush all sides after the war ended.
