S02 – The Antinium Wars (Pt.1)
Page 0

(This book was found by Ryoka Griffon on sale in Celum shortly after she arrived in this world. She purchased it for two gold pieces and six silver and read through this entry before she encountered a cart at high velocity.)
 
Introduction –
Although many accounts of the famed Antinium Wars (or the Incursion Wars as they are sometimes referred to) have been written, and countless [Tacticians], [Strategists], and even [Commander] classes have detailed countless analyses of the ensuing battles, no one singular narrative has as of yet been compiled. It is this lowly [Writer]’s hope that this historical patchwork will serve as a first step for future accounts to be compiled.
Many reports of the First Antinium War are based on hearsay and the often inaccurate recollections of [Soldiers] and [Adventurers] who fought on the front lines. While insightful, these testimonials will be omitted so as to provide a retelling based only on written accounts.
With that said, these brief accounts are by no means to serve as a guide to the lifestyle or nature of the Antinium, or even as a guide from which future strategies and tactics may be derived. It is simply history, which must be remembered.
Issrysil has survived two wars with the Antinium and the tenuous peace we have forged has lasted for nearly a decade as of my writing this. But we must never lose our vigilance. For if the Antinium should feel bold enough to begin a third war, I fear that this continent and those within will be swept away by their ceaseless numbers.
 
—Krsysl Wordsmith
 
The First Antinium Wars –
 
It must first be noted that despite the outcome of the First Antinium Wars, the Antinium’s defeat was not so much due to their lackluster performance or any particular strength of opposition. It could be argued that the Antinium made only one real fault during the war, and otherwise fought to the best of their abilities, displaying a level of organization and cunning that eluded the Drake, Gnoll, and Human nations that almost failed to overcome them.
Yes, if the Antinium made only one true mistake, it was before the war had even begun. It was a mistake that cost them the continent, and perhaps, the world. It was this:
The Antinium underestimated the sea.
 
—-
 
The year is 5 B.F., and the world is still reeling from the news thundering out of Rhir. The Blighted King’s armies have been shattered in defeat after defeat, and each of his Walls have been stormed save the final one protecting his capital. Yet, the Demon King has also been pushed to the very brink of his territory, and this new species, dubbed the ‘Antinium’ has suddenly vanished from the continent altogether.
Neither the [Mages] of Wistram nor any other nation can locate the species by spell, and so every country with even a sliver of land exposed to the sea has locked its borders and watches the horizon warily, lest the Black Tide roll across their unguarded lands.
But no attack comes. The oceans are silent, and after several months of waiting, tensions ease. Wherever the Antinium may be, they are not here. And so peace resumes, as news comes that the Blighted King is rebuilding, and his armies already retake his lost kingdom.
That is when the Antinium arrive. Not with a vast army to cover the world, but with only four ships out of the two hundred vessels that launched from Rhir’s shores. Four small vessels that ground themselves on the southwestern most edge of Issrysil in the last month of winter. That is how the Antinium arrive, and they remain hidden for many months. Resting. Regaining strength.
