S02 – The Antinium Wars (Pt.4)
Page 11
Selys shook her head and Tekshia smacked her niece’s claws before Selys could reach for a fruit tart.
“Those are mine, you thieving little hatchling! If you want a snack then bring me those ‘cookies’ or some of that ‘cake’ you keep bragging about eating! Honestly, if you know this Human [Innkeeper] so well you could at least bring me some of her cooking! And you don’t know how important your uncle is because you’ve never been on any battlefield! If you wanted to know what it was like, why didn’t you ask him when he visited?”
“Uncle Zel never talks about the siege, grandma. He’s too embarrassed whenever people come up to thank him.”
“That hatchling. We’re grateful to him. But he’s just like your father used to be. Embarrassed when people praise him for what he did. It explains why he left without visiting me.”
“He visited you once, grandma.”
“Once! Hah! He’s fearless on the battlefield, but he can’t handle me asking him about marriage! I keep telling him to settle down with a nice young Drake or at least have sex—he doesn’t have to marry them! He can make a few hatchlings and then—”
“Grandmother!”
Selys glared at her grandmother, scandalized. The old Drake flicked her tail at Selys’ face.
“You prudish youngsters! You’re all so timid. What happened to all the real Drakes? The kind who’d never bend their tails for any threat, who’d stand tall no matter what tried to beat them down? Your mother was as brave as could be, and she wasn’t shy about grabbing your father. And I’m sure they would have given me at least one more grandchild if—if—”
Tekshia’s ranting slowed and she stopped, suddenly acutely aware of her audience. Selys’ tail went still and Tekshia cleared her throat, avoiding her eyes.
“I’m sorry dear. I shouldn’t be reading this after all. You’re right. Too many bad memories come up. Especially with the siege. You might be too young to remember, it but—”
“No, I remember.”
Selys closed her eyes. She had been there. She could remember Liscor’s siege. Not the fighting, but the hiding in her house, the screams, the wounded and the stench—her grandmother patted Selys on the knee gently.
“I do talk too much, don’t I? I’ll stop. Let’s talk about happier things.”
She made to close the book, but Selys stopped her.
“No, go on. Keep talking. You hardly ever do and no one else will. Tell me about what it was like?”
“Again?”
Selys gulped. The young Drake woman stared at the book and then at her grandmother.
“Yes. Tell me. Tell me about all of it, and the parts you won’t tell me. Tell me about my parents. And…how they died.”
A flash of pain crossed over Selys’ grandmother’s face. Tekshia Shivertail closed the book and closed her eyes for a second. Selys waited, her heart twisting. She had been young then. But she could still remember her grandmother walking through the door, her armor covered in blood. She remembered asking for her parents and seeing the answer in the tears on her grandmother’s face.
Once. Tekshia looked away, raising a claw to scratch at the greyed scales on her neck.
“I told you, they died on the walls. Most of us did. Hah—the Necromancer couldn’t break our gates, and he could only send waves up the walls. We held him with spears and swords. Axes too. We’d toss rocks at the Draug that climbed up, cut them down before they could get onto clear ground. Because when they did—”
“That’s when it happened?”
The old Drake didn’t reply at first. Her voice was distant when she eventually spoke.
