S02 – The Antinium Wars (Pt.5)
Page 13
“They don’t want to fight in a battle. This is technically not the defense of Invrisil so I can’t conscript them easily. But I will double the reward for Gold-rank adventurers.”
She paused and looked at Zel.
“Are they so necessary?”
“Necessary? No. I think I can win this. Even without any adventurers. But I like stacking the odds in my favor. Call it the wisdom of age or something.”
Zel sighed. Magnolia stood next to him in silence for a few seconds.
“You will win, won’t you?”
“Probably. I don’t make promises before a battle. But yes, probably.”
“The Goblin Lord—”
“—Is not Velan the Kind. Your history book proves that. He’s a threat, a danger, and one I refuse to underestimate. But he’s no Goblin King.”
“Not yet.”
Magnolia’s words hung in the silence. Zel shook his head.
“Maybe not ever. A Goblin King is something rare. Something…I saw him during the final battle, you know. From a distance. I was on the front lines against his regular army. Holding the line. I saw him charging minutes before his death. And I thought he seemed so—so—”
“Dangerous? Strange? Frightening? Lonely?”
The Drake shook his head.
“Sad. As if he knew what was going to happen next.”
Magnolia stared at him. Ressa blinked. Zel turned away, embarrassed by the confession.
“It was just a feeling. But it stuck with me. And if that book you read taught me anything, it’s that we don’t know much about Goblins. Not truly. We don’t know why Velan ran berserk, why he died like he did…nothing. And this Goblin Lord is the same. We think he’s allied with the Necromancer, but is that as an equal, or as a servant?”
“Some questions have no answers. At least, none we can discern. I suspect the Goblin Lord is the only one who could answer your questions. Besides Az’kerash, at any rate.”
Zel nodded. His claws tightened on the book and he tossed it to one side. His head turned south, towards the coming battle. Soon. Tomorrow? The day after. Zel felt his heart beating faster. The Second Antinium War was over. The Goblin King was dead, but here was another Goblin Lord. Was he connected to the Necromancer?
“In that case, I’ll ask him when I have a claw around his throat.”
He turned and left the tent. Magnolia Reinhart’s gaze traced the same invisible line in the distance. She tapped a finger to her lips and whispered.
“We’ll see. Nothing is set in stone.”
Then she turned and kicked the book on the floor. Magnolia scowled at the book, rubbing at the tips of her toes and grimacing.
“I truly do hate history books. Honestly, I think I’ll hire a Gnoll to write the next one.”
She stomped out of the tent, leaving The Second Antinium Wars, a History lying on the ground. After a moment Ressa picked it up and followed her mistress and Zel Shivertail outside. The stage was set, the pieces all in place. It was time for another page in the story of the world to begin.
Soon.
 

