S02 – The Antinium Wars (Pt.1)
Page 4
The attacks occurred almost simultaneously, and left no survivors. Merchants, adventurers, and a patrol from one of the Walled Cities found the deserted buildings and raised the alarm. Every settlement within a hundred miles was put on alert, and that allowed several survivors to escape when the next wave of attacks began.
Over thirty small villages were attacked two days after the first attack, and several high-level adventurers and groups of soldiers managed to hold back the Antinium long enough for civilians and Runners to raise the alarm. But when a retaliation force arrived, all the villages were found deserted, and both bodies and Antinium were gone.
However, multiple eyewitness accounts confirmed the worst fears of the Drake leaders. Although magic could not locate their hives, these attacks matched the first ones suffered by the Blighted Kingdom in Rhir, and the previous reports of Antinium sightings only confirmed this fact.
Faced with the inescapable realization that the Antinium had landed on their shores, the leaders of the Walled Cities reluctantly began discussing the formation of a coalition army, although several held out hope that teams of adventurers would be able to root out the Antinium by themselves. The lack of any serious attacks meant that negotiations bogged down until spring of 3 B.F., when the Antinium launched an all-out assault on the cities of Ys, Beresslars, and Washaven.
Every city had been put on alert and soldiers and the local Watch vigilantly manned the walls. However, at this point the Drakes and Gnolls had little experience battling the Antinium and made preparations as if they were in danger from a conventional force, rather than the Antinium’s unique style of tactics.
The Walled Cities nearest to the three cities received a panicked [Message] spell just past dawn, and then nothing. Although a force of riders immediately rode to the aid of the cities, it was too late. The Antinium attacked and withdrew before the cavalry reached the city, and the [Captain] in charge declined to give chase.
In less than two hours, the Antinium managed to kill or maim over 80% of the population in each of the cities. The walls and conventional defenses that make the city-states so difficult to take by conventional siege fell within seconds of the attack.
Recorded testimony by the few survivors reports a horde of black Soldiers and even Workers swarming up the walls, building living ladders and overwhelming the adventurers and City Watch by sheer force of numbers. So fierce was the assault, half of the city’s forces were caught in their beds and slaughtered there.
This was the beginning of the war in earnest. The city-states immediately declared a state of emergency and began raising as many soldiers and warriors as possible. However, each city preferred to raise their own armies and retain former alliances, rather than join together.
This was the second mistake made by the Drakes. Initially, the Antinium war force was outnumbered by the numerous Drake armies on the continent. But the separated armies and reluctance of the cities to work together allowed the Antinium to attack with local superiority and quickly overrun countless cities around their Hives.
