S02 – The Antinium Wars (Pt.1)
Page 1
This is how the Antinium lost the war before it began. This is their only folly.
 
—-
 
From the few eyewitnesses who spotted the Antinium leaving, or, as it is now believed, retreating from Rhir, we know that over two hundred greatships were spotted, each teeming with Antinium and their precious Queens. This number is not in error; multiple accounts indicate these numbers are genuine.
And yet, only a few ships ever reached Issrysil’s shores. Given that no fleets reported encounters with the Antinium and the lack of any noted sea monsters, it can only be assumed that the Antinium lost nearly all their ships at sea due to storms and becalmed waters.
Fierce warriors though they may be, the Antinium are poor sailors for obvious reasons. Moreover, it can be assumed that they did not fully understand either the length of time it would take to cross such a body of water as the ocean, or the difficulties navigating, staying provisioned, etc. That led to their near complete annihilation, and it is perhaps more accurate to say it was a miracle any ships landed on Issrysil after all.
We may never know if the Queens intended to journey to this continent or not; nor do we know what they did in those few months, although we can speculate that creating a Hive and replenishing their lost Workers and Soldiers was their main focus. The next documented encounter was with the port city of Nasserous, in which the Watch Captain* details several unusual occurrences nearly eight months after the Antinium left Rhir.
*Watch Captains hold a higher position of authority than in Human cities. Among Drakes, the Watch Captain generally shares the same rank as members of a ruling Council and is usually given complete authority in local military matters.
 
From the journal of Watch Captain I’sl
 
“…do not know where they have gone. A second patrol found no bodies, but did mention four shipwrecks along one of the beaches. They thought the vessels looked empty, but I will send more men to scout later. If there are Krakens or some other monster capable of downing ships in the area, we must know immediately.”
 
Several days later, Captain I’sl recorded another entry.
 
“…all missing. Now I am certain something is out there, but I fear to send any more guardsmen to check. My last patrol had five [Guardsmen] above Level 20 in it; a lone [Scout] found no traces of them or even any violence done. I am posting a double-watch on the gates and putting a bounty up for Silver-rank adventurers or higher to investigate.”
 
The Watch Captain did just that, but neither adventurers nor later patrols would find any signs of these mysterious assailants. It is believed the Antinium left their position on the beach and avoided further contact while they journeyed north, into the rocky highlands. There they continued to hide until a chance encounter some two months later.
 
To Guild Master Jekra of Talvasor
 
“I am writing to you to detail an unusual circumstance which has happened in my guild today. Not an hour ago, a Gold-rank [Ranger] entered my guild bearing four corpses on a litter which caused quite a commotion. He says he found these monsters hunting together on a rocky hillside and they attacked him on sight. 
