S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 16
“You’re that Pisces, aren’t you? If you trade me a rapier and a bell, I’ll tell you where the illusion classes are being held.”
“Ah.”
Pisces blinked in surprise, and then smiled apologetically.
“Sorry, but my personal accoutrements are not for sale.”
“Pity. Well, until we get this damn barrier melted, we’d best save our mana rather than waste it on this.”
With a flick of the hand the Dullahan indicated the ice barrier. He jerked his head and the other students walked away, saying goodbye to Pisces and Ceria. They found a secluded part of the corridor and began to speak intently again, this time making sure no one was near them.
“That was an odd offer, don’t you think?”
Pisces and Ceria stood in front of the ice wall, talking. Pisces nodded as he looked over to the other students.
“An offer to tell us where the illusion class was being taught for a duelist’s, that is to say, my, bells. That was the most direct trade I’ve heard so far, I believe.”
“Maybe you should have taken him up on the offer.”
Ceria joked, but Pisces just shook his head. He was very intent as he studied the older students from the side.
“Did you notice his companion’s expressions? They clearly didn’t expect his ruse to succeed, once again adding to my theory that the illusion class is, in of itself, an illusion.”
“Why offer if it wouldn’t succeed, then?”
“For the bell. Another clue. If he wants that for simple directions—well, if the class were so easy to find, it would be a very one-sided deal.”
Ceria raised her eyebrows.
“It’s that valuable? That little bell?”
“It is, to some at least. I—”
The young man broke off, shaking his head. Ceria knew he didn’t want to talk about his past, and let the matter drop. Instead, she perked up her pointed ears, trying to listen to what the students were saying. She caught only a fraction as the conversation from other students entered a temporary lull.
“…spell book. I’m sure it has at least one Tier 4 spell in it, but the protections—”
Then the babble rose and Ceria lost the thread. She sighed. More secrets, and this one sounded promising. A spellbook?
Pisces was looking repeatedly over to the group of students as well. Ceria saw him tap his lips thoughtfully, but he didn’t make a move to sidle over. She thought she saw him whisper something, but it might have just been a trick of the light.
As Ceria turned to check on Cessic, she saw a dark shape flit towards the older students. She turned back quickly, but whatever it was had gone the instant she looked.
“See something?”
She shook her head at Pisces and made a face.
“Great. There are rats trapped in here with us.”
“Rats? Are you sure?”
Cessic said that, coming over from the window to rejoin the other two. Pisces frowned as he looked around, and Ceria did too, although she couldn’t spot the dark shape.
“Either that or some large bug.”
“I wouldn’t mind a bug or a rat if that’s all we’ll be eating. You know, I skipped lunch for this.”
The Lizard moaned as he rubbed his stomach. Ceria was about to tell him to suck it up or go searching for the creature in question when Pisces suddenly called out.
“Hello? Is anyone there? We’re trapped here; we could use some help!”
Ceria turned and saw a tall figure through the distorted ice. It stopped and walked over towards them. Ceria held her breath as she saw a porcelain face, and saw the seven foot tall creation move as gracefully as a dancer. She heard Cessic gulp and the other students go quiet.
