S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 9
Both Ceria and Pisces eyed Calvaron dubiously, the former with considerably more suspicion than the latter. Calvaron laughed lightly again. He looked around and muttered something—Ceria saw his fingertips flash for a second—before he spoke to them in a quiet voice.
“Here’s a free secret for you new students: most magic-based classes require at least ten levels in [Mage] to learn. A lot of them take at least twenty levels. That’s why most classes just teach the basics—they want you to have a high [Mage] level before you try to specialize.”
“Is that really true?”
Ceria wasn’t sure if she should be impressed or not. It was probably true, but was that really a secret worth trading?
“This would be a small secret, wouldn’t it?”
“Pretty small, unless you knew the exact requirements for a class. That would constitute a large secret.”
“And you’re just giving this one away because we’re friends, huh?”
“Just a sample. Now, if you want to know anything else, we can negotiate.”
Pisces frowned.
“That’s very mercenary of you.”
“Hey, we’ve all got to eat. And if I can build up a bit of credit on the side—”
“So you’re not going to tell us anything else unless we pay you.”
“That’s right.”
Ceria frowned.
“That’s not fair. Tell us at least one more secret—an obvious one.”
Calvaron raised his eyebrows, looking mildly exasperated.
“I just gave you a secret for free.”
“Yeah, a pretty useless one. We’ll get our classes no matter what happens—who cares about what’ll happen ten levels from now? Tell us something we can use in Wistram.”
She frowned at the Centaur and he frowned back, but he did seem to consider her suggestion. He nudged his friend gently in the side of her armor.
“I don’t know. Beatrice?”
She shrugged.
“Mushrooms.”
With a put-upon sigh, Calvaron nodded.
“Fine. Here’s another one, but this is the last secret. It’s about your books.”
“Our books?”
“You got new spellbooks on the first day, right? Come on, let’s see them.”
Reluctantly, Ceria and Pisces pulled out their spellbooks. They had indeed been issued mostly-empty books for apprentice mages. The first few pages had been filled with notes and spells in another person’s hand, but the majority was blank. Calvaron chuckled as he showed the students the empty pages.
“Thought so. Here’s something the academy does all the time. They take old books—the ones left behind by students—and give them to new students. You’ll never find anything beyond a Tier 2 spell in the spellbooks, because the older mages will sort through the lot to make sure they don’t give anything good to the new students.”
“Huh. So there are better spellbooks out there?”
Calvaron and Beatrice nodded.
“Yup. You’ll be able to read them as you rise in, well, status. You can take out books from the libraries, but only experienced students know where the good books are hidden.”
“And you would know where they’re kept, I presume?”
The Centaur raised his hands.
“Me? Perish the thought. If I could trade for that secret, I would. But the locations of the secret libraries and tomes are among the biggest secrets you can trade for.”
“And that’s your big secret. Again, it sounds more like something you could’ve just told us to be friendly.”
Ceria crossed her arms, annoyed and slightly disgusted. She saw Calvaron exchange an amused glance with Beatrice, and scowled fiercely.
“All of your ‘secrets’ sound pretty useless to me, Calvaron.”
“I don’t know about that.”
He avoided her gaze, an amused smile on his face as he snagged a slice of pork from her plate.
