S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 12
“Because that would make it too easy. And being a [Mage] is hard work. Come on, we’re nearly there!”
“Why are we going to class? We just finished Rievan’s lecture a half-hour ago!”
“I don’t know! Cessic just told us to get to the classrooms.”
“Cessic? You trusted him?”
“Has he ever lied?”
“Well—”
Cessic was another one of the new students Ceria and Pisces had gotten to know. He was a Lizardman, and as such, he’d naturally gravitated towards Ceria when they’d been in class together. The Humans—the overwhelming majority of new students—tended to stick together, and Ceria still felt a lurch of anger when she saw Charles and his group strutting around their circle. But the non-Humans had their own cliques, and Ceria had sat next to Cessic more than once.
“Here we are!”
The two mages skidded to a halt and found a large group of students, both prospective and older ones—waiting outside of one of the classroom doors. Ceria blinked. This classroom she’d never been in, and she was fairly certain none of the teachers had used it before. She spotted a tall Lizardman with multicolored scales and edged over to him.
“Cessic! Hey, Cessic! What’s going on?”
Cessic turned his head and fanned his neck frills out slightly as he spotted Ceria and Pisces.
“There you two are! You’re just in time—I think we’re about to get our first class in destruction magic!”
“Really?”
“You’re kidding!”
The two mages stared at Cessic in disbelief. Although they’d taken quite a few classes, they still hadn’t managed to find the class that taught illusion magic (Pisces had suggested that such a class didn’t exist and it was a prank pulled on new students; Ceria had agreed), and as far as they’d known, the teacher in charge of teaching combat spells hadn’t shown up to any of her classes.
“How do you know?”
“Look around.”
Cessic pointed to the other students.
“Apparently, the Council—the leaders of all the mage factions in Wistram—chewed out the mage in charge of this class—told them to start teaching right away. I got the tip-off from Calvaron; he sold it to me cheap, since word spread so quick.”
“Of course he did.”
Ceria sighed, although she wasn’t actually that mad. She’d gotten used to Calvaron selling secrets, and she’d even bought two off him for small favors and secrets in return—one to find out where the bathrooms on her floor were, and another for a shortcut that saved her several minutes getting to the banquet hall each day. Apparently, a rather irate [Illusionist] had grown fed-up with waiting in line for the bathroom each day and enchanted her own private restroom, until word had spread of its existence.
“Who’s the mage? Are you sure they’re coming?”
“Fairly. I mean, if they didn’t offer the class they’d be punished, and I don’t think they’d want to risk—”
Cessic cut off and the hubbub around Ceria died. She looked and saw the door to the classroom slowly opening. She held her breath, not sure whom to expect. What she saw was a tall, older woman—perhaps in her late thirties—stepping out of the room. It was actually hard to place this Human’s age, because although her hair was slightly greying, she had no wrinkles. Her face was smooth and flawless so Ceria supposed her hair was just naturally grey. What the woman did give off though was an aura of cold, both in mannerism and temperature.
And Ceria recognized her, vaguely. She was the woman who’d cast [Ice Lance] on the first day at the Ghouls. She was…
“My name is Illphres. I specialize in ice magic, and I’m assigned to teach you all some spells to use in actual combat.”
