S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 1)
Page 6
Pisces held the rapier out calmly, facing sideways towards the two as Charles unsheathed his sword and faced him uncertainly. This had gone far further than Ceria had intended. She wasn’t sure what the bell meant, but she couldn’t let this continue. Ceria stood up.
“Back off. We’re all on a ship going to Wistram. If you start a fight you’ll get thrown off if the Captain doesn’t kill you himself. And if he doesn’t—I will.”
She raised her fingers and concentrated. Flames erupted from her skin and danced around her hand. Charles and his followers backed away as the other students murmured and pointed.
“We have magic too!”
A few of the other people raised their hands and produced sparks or flames from their fingertips. None were nearly as vibrant as Ceria. She held her fiery hand out towards Charles until she heard pounding feet.
“What are you doing on my ship!?”
The flames around Ceria’s hand went out as she saw the [Captain] storming down the stairs, roaring at the students with two brawny sailors at his back. In moments everyone was separated and he was shouting at both Ceria, Pisces, and Charles and Timor, ignoring the latter two’s complaints.
“I should toss you all overboard myself! You two are lucky we’re far from port, or I would put you ashore and damn the list! You, boy, put that away before I throw that blade in the sea!”
The Captain shouted at Ceria and Pisces as he sheathed his sword.
“We were defending ourselves.”
Pisces protested, but the Captain was too incensed to listen. He glared at Ceria.
“I won’t have any magic on my ship! Cast another spell and I will toss you overboard myself! And you two, start trouble or draw a blade and I will cut you down, lords or not!”
He ignored the outraged noises the two boys made and stormed back up the stairs. Charles and Timor hesitated, but they stiffly walked away from Pisces and Ceria with only a parting glare.
Ceria sat back down with a sigh, heart pounding.
“That could have ended far worse.”
“Or far better. He threatened to throw away my blade!”
Pisces grumbled as he sat back down with Ceria. He was still glaring over at Charles and Timor, who’d joined the majority of the other students and were laughing loudly and not looking at Pisces and Ceria.
“Well, you were threatening two of his passengers.”
“Only because they drew steel on us!”
Pisces was indignant. Ceria sighed.
“If you hadn’t stood up to them, they would have left us alone soon enough. Trust me, I’m used to it.”
The young man looked sideways at Ceria.
“I didn’t feel it was right, that’s all. We’re all aspiring to become mages, proper mages, that is. If we can’t treat each other with basic civility, we’re no better than ignorant fools for all our power.”
Ceria smiled at him. It surprised her more than it surprised Pisces. Here she was, getting along with a Human of all people. He grinned back at her.
“Well, I enjoyed the looks on their faces when you stood up to them. Thank you.”
Pisces blushed and waved his hand.
“It was nothing.”
Ceria smiled again. She pointed to Pisces’ pocket.
“What does the bell mean? Those two backed off fast when they saw it.”
His cheeks were still flushed, but Pisces shook his head as he hid the rapier back under his bedding.
“It’s a token used by duelists. It means I’ve reached a level of skill recognized among anyone who practices the same craft.”
“Oh.”
It was obvious that he wanted to keep that a secret, so Ceria let it drop. Pisces muttered to himself as he rearranged his bedding.
