S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 1)
Page 16
Beatrice scratched at her head. It was more of a massage since she could scratch every spot at will. She pointed at the distraught mage who’d ran into the room.
“Probably an experiment with some bodies. Too much magic. Must’ve reanimated them.”
“True. I’ll ask later. Anyways, bear that in mind, you two. If you want to stay at Wistram, you’ve got to be prepared for anything. Sea Serpents are the least of your worries here. Do you think you can handle it?”
He looked both Ceria and Pisces in the eye. She hesitated, but then nodded with conviction.
“I’m staying.”
Pisces nodded. He swallowed a huge gulp of food and wiped at his mouth with a napkin.
“So am I!”
“That’s what they all say.”
Calvaron laughed with Beatrice, although she just chuckled. Then he grew serious.
“Unfortunately, I’ve got some bad news for you two. This year there are nearly twice as many prospective students as usual. I’m afraid that unless you’re over Level 20 or you’ve got some new spell or talent, you’ll be hard-pressed to pass the exam.”
He paused as both new students exchanged a dismayed look.
“Well, unless you have a patron to sponsor you.”
“A patron?”
“A high-level mage.”
Beatrice translated. Calvaron nodded as he crunched on another carrot.
“Someone who will vouch for your abilities. That would allow you to skip the exam altogether.”
Ceria eyed Calvaron.
“I don’t suppose you…?”
“Sorry, I don’t have the influence to help anyone. We’re all novice mages here. Only one of the teachers or one of the older mages can do that, and they don’t usually interfere with the exam. Plus, a lot of the ones assigned to teaching duty this year aren’t too happy.”
“Like Illphres. She’s angry.”
“Who?”
“The mage who cast [Ice Lance]. That’s her, over there.”
Ceria looked over and saw an older woman dressed in robes sitting with the group Calvaron had identified as the Isolationists. She was scowling at another mage as he spoke. Calvaron lowered his voice.
“She’s going to teach you some elemental magic. But ah, she’s…temperamental. She’s one of the best [Cryomancers] in the academy, though.”
“Is [Cryomancer] the same as [Ice Mage]?”
“Different names. Sometimes different specializations, but usually the same.”
“Oh.”
Ceria kept staring at Illphres. She’d cast a Tier 4 spell – [Ice Lance] in mere seconds, without even using a wand! Ice magic wasn’t Ceria’s specialty, but she was still impressed by the spell.
But it seemed not everyone shared her opinion. Reacting to what one of the mages had said, Illphres said something angrily which earned her a scoff and a flick of the hand from the talkative mage. Ceria saw Illphres raise her hand and then the mage who’d been talking was blasted off his feet by a huge swathe of snow.
He went flying, into another table. Ceria winced as she saw the mage smash into plates and cups and splatter the diners sitting there. One woman calmly wiped food off her face, and Ceria’s heart skipped a beat as she recognized Amerys, the mage who had slain the Sea Serpent.
Amerys looked across the room at Illphres and raised a finger. Ceria ducked and the lightning bolt exploded against the icy wall Illphres had conjured, sending fragments of ice into the air like hail.
More screaming erupted as the Isolationists all surged to their feet. Amerys grinned and the mages around her began casting spells. Ceria watched as a full-blown fight erupted between the mages in the hall as more and more joined in. She could hear shouting as well, from other groups of mages who were just defending themselves or staying outside of the conflict altogether.
“Take cover!”
