S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 19
Ceria looked at him in disbelief. Her ears were far better than any Human’s and she’d been standing right next to Pisces. He hesitated.
“Something like that. A spell, yes. I’d prefer not to say.”
“Okay.”
Pisces was acting oddly, but Ceria was intrigued now. She scooted over on his bed as he lowered his voice again. No one could hear them in the room, but both felt the need to be secretive.
“I heard the rest of their conversation. They were talking about a spellbook, yes. A book they do not have. There is a book in a hidden part of the library—in a secret section. The students have located it and they are sure it has potent spells, but the book is warded. If they try to take it, it will kill them.”
“Yikes.”
Ceria’s hair rose at the thought. A trapped book? Wistram had more than one library section, but all the books she’d found were normal books or the lowest-level spellbooks full of cantrips. No wonder the other sections were secret if the books had wards like that.
Pisces nodded.
“I also…happened to overhear where the section is, and how to get in. We could gain access to that section.”
“And look around for other spellbooks?”
Ceria’s heart lifted at the thought. But then she thought of the dangers and hesitated. And Pisces was shaking his head.
“Not just that. If we gain access to the library, too many things could go wrong. We aren’t allowed to read higher level spells as new students, and besides, there could be more warding spells. But if we could somehow obtain that particular book they were talking about—”
“You mean steal?”
The half-Elf looked at Pisces in disbelief. His lack of a response was her answer.
“I have a plan. I hesitate to carry it out, but I am sure it would work. I just don’t know whether I should try.”
“It is stealing after all.”
“True, but—it is not as if these students own that book. It is in the library, for anyone to take.”
Ceria slowly let out her breath. Something was tickling her stomach, the same feeling she’d felt back when she was younger.
“Anyone with the courage. And the intelligence to get it without dying.”
“Precisely. It may not be safe. And if we are caught—well, I doubt we will get into that much trouble. But there is danger, especially if the other students find us as we are retrieving the book.”
“And getting it in the first place.”
“Yes.”
Pisces waited. Ceria considered their options, and then shook her head. But not to say no.
“The way I see it…we’ve only got a month—three weeks, really. We can either play the good students, or we can take a risk.”
The young man’s eyes gleamed with excitement as the half-Elf smiled at him, showing teeth. He reached out a hand and Ceria took it.
“Tonight?”
“I believe so. If we wait, the other students may attempt to retrieve it earlier. And I can execute my plan quickly. We just need time, and the right moment when no one is around.”
“Okay then. What if we—”
Ceria turned her head, and paused as she saw an irregularity out of the corner of her eyes. She turned her head.
Something moved in the corner of Pisces’ room, by the dresser. Ceria sat up instantly. She only saw a flash of grey fur before the creature darted back out of sight.
“There’s rats everywhere!”
She stood up, annoyed more than she was upset. She’d eaten rats before, but she didn’t like the disgusting things. She went to the dresser, but Pisces stopped her.
“No need.”
“Oh come on. Where there’s one there could be a dozen. We need to destroy the nest before—”
“I have taken care of it. Don’t worry, Ceria. We have more important things to do.”
She blinked.
“Oh. You got them?”
