S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 18
She’d always had a temper. As a child, Ceria could remember getting angry enough to burst and then chasing woodland animals around, punching foxes, biting sticks in half—
“Ceria? Ceria, are you okay? I hear noises.”
Ceria looked up, part of her pillow in her mouth. She spat out the feathers and called out, somewhat sheepishly.
“I’m—fine, Pisces. Sorry.”
“Ah, do you want to talk?”
“Um—”
A few minutes later, Ceria edged out of her doorway. Pisces only caught a glimpse of floating feathers and a very ransacked room before she practically chased him back into his room.
“Sorry about that. Did you hear—much?”
“No in so many words. Just…noise. I was concerned.”
Pieces offered Ceria his bed, since he only had one chair. She sat on it, and looked around. His room was different than hers; he had a large bed and an actual balcony on his, but besides that his room was very clear—almost austere. His rapier sat in one corner and Pisces had a few clothes in a pile on one side of the room, and nothing else.
“Nice room.”
“I shall take that in the spirit it was intended. I ah, notice you redecorated yours just now.”
Ceria grinned sheepishly.
“Sorry. Was I that loud?”
“Allow me to say it this way: you were audible through the stone. Was that ice mage that upsetting to you?”
The half-Elf shrugged, turning a bit red.
“It’s—okay, yes, she was. But it’s not just that. It’s just—I thought when I got here things would be different. I thought I’d learn magic, not get involved in petty…politics.”
“I must confess, our entry here has been a bit different than what I expected.”
Pisces murmured as he sat next to Ceria. She flicked a feather out of her hair and laughed softly.
“I guess. I shouldn’t be surprised. But doesn’t it feel like we’re not learning everything we could be? I mean, our basic magic classes are fine, but without combat magic—learning that was the entire reason I came here.”
“Mm.”
Pisces nodded, his expression troubled. Ceria let out her breath, giving vent to more of her hitherto unspoken worries.
“And we don’t have that much time, Pisces! If we had a year—or even half of one I could relax. I could prove myself but we have one month. And I don’t know what their exams are, but I can’t just believe they’ll take me because I know a few spells and I’m a half-Elf. I have to be a student here and I just don’t have anything special to offer.”
“Neither do I.”
“Oh come on. You’re the best in our class at our lessons.”
“Best in a class full of new students. That is hardly a ringing endorsement.”
“…True.”
Both students sat together gloomily. Ceria rested her head in her hands, wishing she’d had a real book of spells to study, or that she’d apprenticed under the half-Elves spellcasters back in her village. Pisces sat in his chair, head bowed, apparently lost in thought. Then he slowly raised his head and spoke in a low voice.
“What if there was something we could do?”
“What?”
Ceria looked at him. Pisces’ expression was unreadable, but his fingers twitched and his foot jiggled with nerves. He looked at Ceria and licked his lips.
“I uh, well, you know when we were listening to those older students talk? Before they spoke to us, one of them mentioned a spellbook in conjunction with a Tier 4 spell.”
“I remember that.”
Ceria frowned as she remembered.
“Yeah, they said that. But so what? If they’ve got one—”
“Ah, but they don’t. Have one, that is.”
Pisces raised a finger as Ceria stared at him. He licked his lips again.
“I—happened to overhear the rest of their conversation.”
“How? With a spell?”
