S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 7
Scowling, Ceria bit into another mushroom, chewing hard. Someone hadn’t cooked these thoroughly enough. Beatrice and Calvaron shrugged in reply.
“Some people just study by themselves. But until you’re sure that’s the way you want to go, I’d pay attention in the lessons and try to impress the mages assigned to teach you.”
“For the exam.”
“Exactly!”
The Centaur grinned as Ceria’s stomach gave a small lurch and Pisces paused long enough to look worried.
“Will we learn any complex spells before then?”
“Some basic ones, yes, but complex? Not unless your teacher’s quite odd. You lot are only here for a month—all of your courses are the most basic ones.”
Beatrice nodded.
“Boring classes.”
“Golem creation, scroll scribing, trap spells and enchantments—all of that only gets taught when we’re in our second years at the earliest. Most students don’t get to those kind of lessons until year six. Talented ones get there sooner, but…”
“Wonderful.”
Ceria muttered as she drank her own cup of water. Pisces looked dispirited as well, but then he turned to the older students hopefully.
“If you’re going to be helpful, mind telling us where the illusion classes are being taught? No one’s found the classroom so far.”
“Oh? Illusion class?”
They laughed. Well, Calvaron laughed and Beatrice chuckled. Ceria frowned at them.
“What’s the joke?”
The Centaur scratched at his head and smiled enigmatically at the two of them.
“I…could tell you how to find it, but I’m afraid I’d have to charge you two for that.”
“What? You’d ask us for money?”
Ceria was outraged—she’d thought the Centaur and Dullahan were friends, or at least friendly!—but Calvaron was shaking his head, trying not to chuckle.
“No, you see—ah, Beatrice, what should I do? If I explain it, I’ll lose the chance to charge them for that as well. Do you think we should just give away a secret like that?”
The half-Elf had no idea what they were talking about, but Beatrice paused for a second before nodding her head with her hands.
“It’s not a big secret. You should tell them to be friendly. Or she’ll throw mushrooms at us.”
Calvaron glanced at Ceria. She was indeed considering heaving her dish at his head. Pisces just watched the other two thoughtfully. At last, Calvaron sighed, sounding put-upon.
“I suppose we can. Okay you two, you’re about to learn a bit more about how Wistram works. For free, no less.”
“What are you talking about?”
Beatrice sighed.
“They are a currency. Secrets.”
Calvaron paused, mouth open and looked over at Beatrice with a frown. Ceria and Pisces just stared at the two of them.
“Thanks for ruining my moment, Beatrice.”
“Welcome.”
The Dullahan shrugged impassively. Ceria stared at her and the resigned Centaur.
“What?”
“You heard her. Wistram runs on secrets, not coin around here. You would have figured it out sooner or later, but…”
“I still don’t get it.”
“It’s very simple. If you want something—a spell, a favor, or even another secret, you have to pay for it. Unfortunately, or fortunately for those of us without money, the most valuable thing around here is secrets.”
“Secrets.”
Ceria felt like she was speaking another language. Calvaron wiggled his eyebrows as he smiled at her.
“That’s right. Secrets about where treasure’s buried, unique classes, spells no one’s heard of—I say secrets, but it’s more general knowledge in most cas—”
“What are you talking about?”
“Secrets, Springwalker! Secrets!”
Pisces stopped Ceria from getting up and kicking the table over. He smiled at her.
“I believe Calvaron is saying Wistram uses a bartering system.”
“What?”
