S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 10
“All knowledge is useful to someone else. And there are secrets and secrets. For instance, the fact that Miss Springwalker here is a half-Elf? Not really a secret. But the knowledge that Pisces here has a rapier and a silver bell? That’s important knowledge. Someone might ask where he came from, knowing that.”
“How did you—?”
“And that this morning, Pisces managed to impress even Rievan during class? And that he didn’t like Miss Ceria?”
“Calvaron—”
The Centaur cut Ceria off. He looked directly at her.
“And of course, there’s your origins. The records are sealed of course, but anyone can look up old records. And half-Elves have long histories. In fact, if you looked back at certain Terandrian city arrest warrants, you could find a small bounty on a certain half-Elf kid for theft, property damage and—”
Ceria slammed her hands on the table, cutting the Centaur off. He stared at her surprised. She was shaking, and Ceria saw Beatrice grab Calvaron’s side warningly. But she didn’t say or do anything that would start something else. Without a word, she stood up and walked away. Calvaron called out after her, but Ceria ignored him. She stalked off, leaving her unfinished meal behind.
“Ceria? Ah! Ceria, please wait!”
She heard the voice calling out after her as she stomped away. At first Ceria just walked faster, but the voice kept shouting her name. In the end, she grudgingly slowed to let Pisces catch up.
“What?”
The young man slowed and panted—theatrically, Ceria thought—as he caught up with her. He smiled nervously as she glared at him.
“I ah, I just wanted to walk back with you.”
“Did you?”
“Well—”
Ceria started walking again, and Pisces hesitated before matching her pace.
“Calvaron is, uh, apologetic.”
“Good for him.”
She gritted her teeth. Pisces paused again before he adopted a placating tone.
“They were trying to help us, or so I feel. I understand that they went too far—”
“I came here to learn magic, not to find out secrets about other people and trade favors and gossip like a pack of simpering [Noblewomen].”
“As did I.”
Pisces took two strides forwards, and looked at Ceria. She glared at him, emotions running hot.
“What?”
“Nothing. I would just like to opine that, well, we are new to Wistram.”
“So?”
“So, rather than get too upset—why don’t you forget Calvaron’s transgression, and have a drink with me instead? It does no good to get too worked up right away, in my experience.”
“Oh really? Well, how much experience have you had?”
“None.”
Pisces grinned at her widely, and Ceria’s face went slack before she laughed unwillingly. The anger drained out of her as quick as it had come, leaving her feeling more than a little silly.
“Okay, okay. I should…rot, I should apologize to Calvaron. I didn’t mean to storm off like that. It’s just when he brought up my past—”
The young man interrupted with surprising tact.
“I shouldn’t worry about that. Calvaron feels he went too far. I think he’ll be the one apologizing when you two next meet. Until then, we should really have a drink.”
“A drink? Here? But they don’t serve free beer.”
If they did, Ceria would already have downed a few mugs to take the burden of the day away. But Pisces just gave her another smile.
“They do not. But there are places where it is sold, quite cheaply too. All one has to do is trade for the secrets…”
He waggled his eyebrows and Ceria snorted.
“Don’t tell me you traded Calvaron for one of his secrets.”
