S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 5
Ceria stopped at an intersection where two paths split off diagonally from each other. It was odd architecture, and Ceria couldn’t remember which way led to their rooms. Pisces pointed.
“I think we go right here. Well, what did you expect?”
“I don’t know. I guess I thought we’d be picking up higher-Tier spells, not working on the basics.”
“I would like that. But we are new students, aren’t we? If we don’t improve on our fundamental abilities, we wouldn’t be able to cast better spells anyways.”
That was true. Ceria knew [Ice Shard], but she could barely create more than twenty darts before she had to sit down. That was a far cry from a good mage’s capabilities, let alone a Gold-rank [Mage], for example.
“I guess you’re right. Still…”
She scowled, not wanting to put her feelings into words. She walked briskly forwards, and Pisces stepped a bit more quickly to catch up.
She knew they had to make an odd pair. Ceria was a half-Elf, and Pisces was…well, a young man who looked more like a peasant than a student. There were odder pairings, Calvaron and Beatrice for example, and Ceria had seen Drakes and even a Selphid walking down the halls just this morning. But it was strange to be talking so familiarly with a Human, given where both came from.
Pisces cleared his throat.
“I noticed the lecturer was ah, slightly hostile towards you, Ceria. Maybe it’s because of your…”
“My race, you mean?”
Ceria grimaced as she twitched her ears in annoyance. Pisces made a noncommittal sound.
“Straight ahead here, I believe. Do you think he’s from Terandria?”
She shrugged.
“He could be. If he lived in the north or eastern parts of the continent…or not. It doesn’t really matter—half-Elves don’t have a good reputation anywhere.”
“Really? I know that some nations in Terandria ah, don’t have the best relations with your people, but everywhere?”
“You’ve heard the rumors about half-Elves, right? We’re thieves, we can’t be trusted, we hate Humans—”
“But those are rumors, surely. Just like how you can’t let a Selphid into a graveyard, and a Gnoll will bite your face off if you offend them.”
“Yeah. I mean—yes. Come on, it’s this way.”
Ceria turned away from Pisces. She wasn’t used to someone taking her side, and it was uncomfortable.
“Okay, maybe in other parts of the world we’re more welcomed, but half-Elves keep to ourselves no matter where we go. And if he is from Terandria, there’s bad blood. Lots of it. Centuries of conflict.”
“Indeed. I just didn’t think he was being that fair in his critique of you, that’s all.”
“Well—thanks.”
They walked on. Ceria began to recognize their part of the citadel as the view in the windows changed. She and Pisces occupied some sort of overlook right above the rocks of the isle, and as she stared out at the calm, peaceful bubble of water surrounding Wistram, she spotted their rooms.
“Here we are.”
“Here we are indeed.”
Pisces nodded to Ceria.
“I’ll ah, take a nap. Would you like to have lunch together later?”
“I—guess so. Okay. See you later.”
He nodded, smiled, and yawned. Ceria yawned too, and she found herself fumbling with the lock in her keyhole. She tossed her heavy bag onto a chair, wincing as she heard a sealed pot of ink clink against the wood, and rubbed at her shoulder. Then she yawned again.
It was strange. Ceria was exhausted, and the day wasn’t even truly begun. Five hours had passed since they’d woken up. Well, six, but the first hour had just been comprised of dressing, eating, and finding their way to class. The other five had involved studying.
