S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 1)
Page 7
“I dislike arrogant nobles and the like intensely. I thought I would be rid of them, but I suppose even in Wistram wealth speaks.”
“We’ll see if it holds true in the academy.”
“I’m told that there’s barely anything on the isle other than Wistram Academy and a pier. I wonder if they import all their goods? How do they feed themselves?”
“They probably grow what they need with magic. Somehow.”
“Still. How many new students will be like us, do you think?”
“Don’t know.”
“And how many will pass the exam?”
Ceria was silent. The exam. It loomed in her thoughts, a vague, terrifying specter.
It was true that anyone with a bit of talent and enough coin could travel to Wistram. But staying there was far harder.
Twenty gold pieces was the price, but that only bought each student a month’s time to study in Wistram. They would be taught basic magic and be given the run of the isle, but after that month they would have to prove their worth…or be sent home.
It was extraordinarily expensive to live in Wistram if you weren’t a mage offered a scholarship by the academy. Students would have to pay hundreds of gold coins to study there, which was why most who went to Wistram hoped they could pass the exam and stay for free.
Wistram Academy was always looking for talented mages, so the exam was designed to allow students to showcase their talents. Anyone with a high level or better yet, some kind of unique spell or Skill would be allowed to study. It was what both Ceria and Pisces hoped to do; pass the exam and become full students.
But what the exam might actually be, and what they would learn in the time before then, neither Pisces nor Ceria had any idea. They had no idea what Wistram even looked like; it was in the middle of the ocean, and visitors to that isle were understandably rare.
Eventually, the light coming out of the portholes almost completely faded, and Ceria closed the one closest to her and Pisces so they could sleep. They still had another day and a bit to go, and she wanted to conserve her strength.
She slept soundly, until the storm began and rain began to pound the deck overhead.
 
—-
 
It was a sea storm, the kind of horrific maelstrom that only emerged in the middle of the ocean. Huge waves battered the Errant Traveller as she sailed on through the dark clouds and pouring rain. Wind threatened to blow the sailors scrambling to lower sails and obey the Captain’s orders as the man himself fought with the waves at the head of his boat.
Below decks, the students huddled in fear, listening to the crash of the waves and talking in quiet voices. Ceria sat with Pisces, watching through the window as the ship would go up and then come down with stomach wrenching force.
“Are you sure this boat can survive this storm?”
Pisces shouted in Ceria’s ear. He was clutching his belongings as he stared out at the water.
“I don’t know!”
Ceria shouted back. She tapped the window.
“This is glass. The ship must be newer, so it should hold!”
“It had better! I can’t swim!”
“What?”
The idea that anyone couldn’t swim baffled Ceria, until she remembered that many Humans from Terandria lived inland and never saw a large body of water. Not that it mattered. Ceria had had ample time to learn how to swim over the fifty years of her life, but she was certain she wouldn’t last ten minutes in the frothing waves.
“We’ll be okay!”
And then, as if to mock her, Ceria heard the hatch leading above slam open. A sailor pounded down the steps as wind and water blew in. He shouted.
“Sea Serpent to the starboard! Stay below!”
