S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 1)
Page 15
“See them? They’re Isolationists. They’d prefer that we stop accepting new mages into Wistram altogether, and have aspiring mages find their way here. It would weed out the casual applicants, true, but imagine how much business we’d lose!”
Beatrice scowled.
“Foolish. Wastes money.”
Calvaron rolled his eyes.
“Beatrice is a Revivalist. She’s part of the faction that thinks we should throw open our doors and usher in a new era of magic like in centuries past.”
“And you? What group do you belong to?”
The Centaur grinned.
“I’m undeclared, at least for now. I’ll probably join up with some faction or other, but I’m not important enough for them to start putting pressure on me yet. What about you, Pisces? Would you be an Isolationist or a Revivalist, given the chance?”
Pisces nodded to himself as he thought.
“Well, I am uninformed as of yet to all the nuances of the discussion, but my position would be—”
Ceria kicked Pisces under the table. He yelped and she glared at him. Calvaron laughed again.
“You’re learning quick, aren’t you?”
She was just planning to ask Calvaron about the different factions in Wistram when Ceria heard a sound. She turned her head and stared at one of the entrances to the great hall. A young man in disheveled robes burst into the great hall, shouting.
“Ghouls! They’re flooding the west hallways!”
For a second all was stunned silence, and then all of the new students started screaming. The young man fled into the hall, and then Ceria saw them.
Ghouls. They bounded out of the corridor, dead bodies leaping forwards with incredible strength and agility. Their eyes burned with unholy light.
She didn’t even pause to think. Ceria stood up and pointed her finger at the Ghouls. Without a wand she couldn’t cast strong magic, but she’d honed this spell until it was as deadly as an arrow.
“[Stone Dart]!”
A jagged piece of stone shot from her fingertips and caught one of the Ghouls in the chest. He stumbled, but came on. Ceria’s heart sank. Ghouls were far more dangerous than Zombies, and they were coming so fast! They’d be on top of the new students before they could flee.
“Stop screaming. [Ice Lance].”
Someone spoke up from behind Ceria. She turned her head just in time to see a massive block of ice shaped into a point shoot past her. The wind blew her hair and Ceria turned back to see the Ghoul she’d struck and three more had been smashed to bits by the spell.
“[Silent Sickle]!”
Another mage across the hall pointed without even getting up from his meal. One of the ghouls was sliced to bits by transparent scythes and another lost its legs.
“[Earth Cannon]!”
“[Invisible Arrow]!”
“[Slippery Floor].”
All around Ceria, mages pointed or waved their wands or used their staves to cast spells. The Ghouls practically disintegrated under the combined mass of spells until all that was left was a completely ruined floor as ice spells and fire spells created steam and sticky and slippery substances mixed on the ground or began to dissipate.
Calvaron laughed as he tugged Ceria back down into her seat.
“Nice spell, new student. But leave the fighting to the older mages, alright? We can handle ourselves.”
“Is that normal? The Ghouls?”
Pisces pointed to the remains of the Ghouls—a single hand and a few stains on the stone floor. Already a Golem was lurching over to the mess with a mop and bucket in hand.
Both the Centaur and Dullahan shrugged.
“It’s not usual that we get monsters that come as far as the dining hall, but accidents happen. I wonder how the undead got here? Teleportation spell gone wrong?”
“Dead corpses?”
