S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 1)
Page 5
His diction was actually more polished than Charles’. Ceria saw it took the young lord back, and saw him reconsider his next words.
“Are you of the lesser nobility? Or a self-taught common citizen? Either way, only a fool would not know how insidious and untrustworthy the lesser species are.”
Lesser species. Ceria gritted her teeth. Charles was talking about her as if she wasn’t here. Pisces glanced at Ceria and his lips thinned.
“I believe you should go. If your aim was to have me remove myself, you have failed. Kindly do not disturb us again.”
“Ingrate!”
One of the young men standing behind Charles called out. He stepped forwards, a hand on his sword as well. What was with all these students and carrying weapons? Didn’t they know they were here to become mages?
The other young man glared down at Ceria and Pisces. He pulled his sword slightly out of its sheathe so they could see the costly steel blade.
“You dare insult one of the high nobility? I should have your head for that.”
Charles smirked and Ceria cursed inwardly. She didn’t know the countless aristocratic houses on the continent, but that explained why Charles already had a crowd around him. His family was undoubtedly as rich as they were powerful; his companions must have already been trying to suck up to him.
She expected Pisces to back down or deflect the anger, but instead he stood up. He had the rapier in his hands.
“I do not believe we have done anything that warrants a threat. This is a place for mages, not barbarians with metal sticks.”
The young man flushed. He unsheathed his blade—clumsily, Ceria noticed. He held the sword towards Pisces in an uncertain grip.
But even that was enough to silence the rest of the other students below decks. A bared weapon was dangerous, and the sword the young man held could kill no matter how inexpertly used. Ceria clenched her fist. She felt the magic flow into her hand. She didn’t want to use a spell and risk being thrown off the boat, but if it was that or Pisces getting hurt…
It didn’t come to that. Pisces stepped back and unsheathed his rapier—quite a lot faster than the other young man had and with more of a flourish as well. Charles and his cronies stepped back as they saw the rapier, and uncertainty flicked in the sword-wielding youth’s eyes.
“I would reconsider any attempts on our persons. Note the blade, please. I have levels in [Fencer] and I will not hesitate to defend myself.”
The people around Charles backed up. He had his hand on his sword, but he was clearly unprepared for actual violence. He looked at the other young man with a sword and licked his lips before facing Pisces.
“You fool. Timor du Havrington is an experienced warrior who would cut you to bits. He has many levels in the [Warrior] class.”
Timor nodded, but his eyes were on Pisces’s rapier. He didn’t hold himself like a warrior.
“Lower your blade, peon.”
“Not until you do.”
“I’m a [Warrior] and a [Lord]!”
His voice trembled. Pisces sighed. He reached into his pocket.
“If you will not reconsider your actions—then listen.”
He pulled something out of his clothing. A silvery bell. It rang, a clear, high-pitched note. Once, twice.
Timor’s face went pale. He leapt back from Pisces as if the other young man had struck at him. He stumbled into Charles and the two nearly fell to the ground.
“Stay back! We’re both armed! Charles and I can take you on, regardless of your rank!”
