S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 8
It took a while, but with Calvaron to explain and Pisces to clarify—and Beatrice to nod silently—Ceria finally got it.
Wistram used secrets like coins. Small secrets, big secrets—they were what [Mages] and students alike traded each other for favors, or even real objects.
“Like coin? You could trade a secret for a—a bag of gold coins?”
Calvaron nodded happily as he ate something yellow and strange he called a ‘banana’. It looked disgusting to Ceria.
“That’s right. Wistram doesn’t have much use for coin, although there are always merchants sailing in to harbor…but secrets and magic are the real coin around here.”
“But how does that work? Are there really that many secrets there? No—how could you keep that many secrets for so long? How could a system like that keep functioning?”
The Centaur shrugged.
“It works because it has to. We need some kind of currency, and money isn’t good enough. And secrets have a weight of their own. True, if you went around telling everyone then the secret’s worthless. But if there were a room only you and someone else knew about—or a part of the academy that you have to have a password to get into—”
“Which there are.”
“—Which there are, thank you Beatrice. The system might not work anywhere else, but Wistram has so many secrets and hidden surprises that even now people are finding new things out. Just the other day, someone found a wall that disappears if you say the right words.”
“Oh? And what was behind the wall?”
Pisces was curious, but Calvaron just waggled a finger at him.
“If I told you that, you’d have to give me a secret. A small one to know and a big one for the actual words, which I don’t in fact know. I’d have to trade some secrets for it, you see.”
“That is the stupidest way of—”
Ceria rubbed at her head. This had to be a joke. She closed her eyes and came up with a flaw after two seconds of thought.
“What if—and hear me out here—what if someone traded you for a secret, and then didn’t pay up? How would anyone prove you’d lost anything?”
“Truth spells.”
“Oh.”
“If someone doesn’t make good on your favor, all you have to do is go around telling people they’re a lying backstabber. No one will trust them, and your problem’s solved.”
“Something that can only work in a place where magic users are as common as dirt.”
Pisces looked approving. Calvaron grinned as he nodded.
“Of course, some people have more secrets to trade than others. Some people just use secrets when they have to—they trade gold for secrets, or get someone else to make all the trades for them. Like me.”
“You?”
“I’m a broker. I have a lot of secrets in my head, and even more that I don’t even know myself. Spelled parchment that erases itself when opened—that was popular a while ago. Messages in bottles, that sort of thing.”
Ceria eyed Calvaron slightly askance.
“And you trade secrets, is that it? If I have a juicy one, I can trade it to you for something else?”
“Anything you want to know. I accept all kinds of minor secrets; if you’ve got gold or gems I’ll take that too, but I prefer secrets.”
He grinned at both half-Elf and Human sitting at the table. After a second, the half-Elf rolled her eyes.
“This place gets weirder by the second. Okay, remind me to never ask you for a favor.”
“Aw, don’t be like that. Look, because we’re friends I’ll share a secret with you. On the house.”
