S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 1)
Page 4
Ceria had no desire to go upstairs, but she noticed several people eager to stare at the ocean. A young man—a noble’s son with expensive clothing and even a wand she doubted he could use—was leading several other teenagers up the stairs already.
“So why did you decide to attend Wistram? I heard all half-Elves are far more talented than Humans at magic.”
The half-Elf shrugged uncomfortably.
“That’s only half true. Half-Elves are gifted at magic—we’ve got more in our bodies—but we don’t learn spells any faster.”
Of course, it was to their advantage to suggest that half-Elves were more powerful than they actually were. Ceria knew she was still an amateur as a mage, though. She was just barely strong enough to kill a few weak monsters with her spells. Something like Silver-rank was way beyond her still.
“So you want to improve your magic? I can respect that. Myself, I just find magic so exciting, don’t you?”
Ceria smiled briefly.
“I suppose it is. But I want to defend myself. With my spells, I can’t do anything but run if I meet a dangerous monster.”
“I’ve never fought a monster before.”
Pisces said it as he sat against one of the ship’s walls with Ceria. She glanced at his rapier. It was nearly hidden under his bedding and Pisces hadn’t referred to it. Nor had he really told her where he was from. They were munching on the hard biscuits and salted cod that was their dinner. To Ceria’s surprise, the meal had even included cheese and butter for their bread. It was no feast, but this was better than the rough fare she’d expected.
“How many monsters have you slain? A hundred? Or do Bronze-rank adventurers mainly just act as backup for stronger adventurers?”
Ceria coughed lightly to hide her embarrassment.
“I’ve uh, slain a few monsters myself. But we mainly work in teams.”
She’d fought a few Goblins and cleared out any number of rats, but she could count the real monsters she’d fought on one hand.
Of course, that still put her far above the other new students in terms of ability.
“Astounding. Now, I know we can’t practice any magic while aboard the ship, but do you mind if I ask you a few questions about the efficacy of spells in combat? I know only a few such as [Frozen Wind], but I was wondering—”
Pisces broke off and Ceria looked up as they noticed some other people coming their way.
“Well, I heard Wistram accepted everyone, but I thought they drew the line at freaks and trash.”
A young man followed by a gaggle of other teens approached in the manner Ceria had come to recognize as the prelude to harassment. He stared down his nose at Ceria and Pisces.
“I am Charles de Trevalier, scion of my house. You would do well to address me with respect.”
He was wearing the rich clothes to match, and he even had a shortsword buckled to his belt. It looked like it was purely ornamental, but Charles rested one hand on it as if he would like nothing better than to unsheathe it should the need arise.
Ceria raised one eyebrow. She wasn’t intimidated by Charles, although she disliked him on sight. Moreover, unless he had quite a lot of levels in some combat class—which she doubted—she could put a [Stone Dart] through his eye before his blade even cleared the sheathe.
That made it slightly easier to listen to him speak.
“You—the one who was foolish enough to consort with the half-Elf. You would do well to stay away from such creatures.”
Pisces blinked up at Charles and frowned.
“I will measure her worth independent of any outside opinion, thank you. Moreover, I don’t understand why you feel the need to come here and insult Miss Springwalker to her face.”
