S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 15
They couldn’t touch the ice, either, or they’d risk getting stuck to it. Several students had already tried climbing the ice, but they’d stopped after leaving good bits of their skin on the frozen surface. Now, most of the students were just standing around and talking, waiting for a higher-level mage to come by and rescue them.
“We’re all going to die.”
The only problem was that some people couldn’t handle waiting. Cessic was pacing back and forth, hyperventilating as he panicked. Ceria sighed and edged away from him; the Lizardman was apparently claustrophobic, and he gave off fear that was starting to spread to some of the other new students.
“We’re not going to die, Cessic. Stop pacing. Just—stand over there and don’t look at the wall, okay? Look out one of the windows?”
“Do—do you think I could jump out of one?”
The Lizardman looked hopefully at one of the windows. Ceria shuddered and grabbed his tail.
“Don’t. It’s a long way down. Just wait, okay? Someone will melt the ice soon enough.”
“Okay. Okay. I’m going to…I’ll just put my head out the window.”
Cessic staggered away. Ceria and Pisces stared at him until they saw he was just looking out the windows rather than climbing out, and then they went back to sitting. In silence.
“I really don’t like her.”
“She does appear to have a most objectionable personality, doesn’t she?”
Pisces nodded to the other wall of ice blocking off the classroom. Ceria scowled and flicked a bit of dirt off the floor. She looked around and saw most of the other students were seated—save for a knot of furious students in robes. They were all older students, a group of five, the Dullahan, and the fat Human who’d gotten frosted by Illphres. They were talking fiercely, and Ceria couldn’t help but edge over a bit to listen.
“We’re third-year students! Illphres was supposed to teach us as well, but the woman doesn’t even respect other mages!”
The over-pudgy mage was talking to the others angrily, and they were nodding as they stayed out of spit-range. The Dullahan was wearing a sour expression as he stared at the ice wall.
“If I had a Tier 4 spell, I could have melted that ice. I wish I could have wiped that smug expression off of her face.”
“Well, if you want to learn it, there’s always the book. If we could pay someone to get it for us, then—”
The older students looked around, and saw Pisces and Ceria standing not-too-subtly near them. They broke off immediately. After a second of scrutiny, one of them raised their voices.
“You two, you’re new students, aren’t you? Shame you got Illphres as a teacher.”
Ceria and Pisces walked over. The other students introduced themselves.
“I take it this isn’t what normal teachers do?”
“Hardly.”
The overweight student snorted. He gestured towards the classrooms.
“Last year we had proper teachers, but this year the Council decided to make the selection process random. Hah! This is what we get. It looks like you two won’t be learning any combat spells unless you pass your entrance test.”
Dismayed, Pisces and Ceria exchanged a glance. The older students nodded in agreement. One of them grinned at the new students.
“Still getting to know the academy? I remember how confusing it was when I was a new student here.”
“That’s right. We still haven’t found where the illusion class is being taught.”
“Hah! Good luck with that. You could get the location from Calvaron, but he’ll change you an arm and a horse’s leg for it.”
The older students laughed again, but the Dullahan paused as he stared at Pisces.
