S03 – Wistram Days (Pt. 2)
Page 6
Maybe if it was just studying in the sense of reading books and listening to someone talk Ceria would have been more awake. But in Wistram, studying also meant casting magic. She’d been taught several basic spells and forced to use her mana to prove to her teachers that she could perform basic incantations. That wasn’t hard, but she’d had to do it again and again.
Repeatedly casting spells, even low-Tier ones, was extremely draining. The result was that even at midmorning of their second day, both Ceria and Pisces felt physically exhausted, if not mentally. They wandered into their rooms and fell asleep for a few solid hours before waking bleary-eyed and restless.
Of the two, Ceria was the most exhausted. She barely managed to rouse herself for a very late lunch after Pisces knocked on her door, and she stumbled into the grand dining hall with a scowl as she got her food.
Raucous laughter greeted both her and Pisces as they sat at one of the tables. Calvaron and Beatrice were seated at a large table next to the couches, and they waved the two new [Mages] over. Ceria hadn’t seen them much yesterday, but she saw the two older students were studying at their table while they ate.
Spell books, expensive, magical, and sometimes literally glowing with the spells inscribed on them, were carelessly propped open by bowls and mugs. The Dullahan and Centaur looked like they’d been eating and sitting for a while, judging by the mess on their table. Calvaron swept some dishes aside as he called out to Ceria.
“Your hair looks like a tangled spiderweb, Springwalker! Did you get a bit of rest after all the magic practice this morning?”
She glared at him as she put down her food—thick slices of roasted mushrooms in a sauce and what she thought was pork—on the table.
“I’d laugh—but I forgot that I don’t like jokes.”
“Ooh, touchy. Are you in the same class as Ceria, Pisces? I’d sit far away from her if I were you, or she might bite your head off.”
“I can leave. Or throw these mushrooms at you.”
Calvaron ducked his head slightly as Ceria raised her fork with one of the dripping mushrooms.
“Don’t, please. I hate mushrooms.”
“I’m allergic to mushrooms.”
The Centaur, Human, and half-Elf all looked at Beatrice. She was calmly eating some peas, chewing without much expression.
“Sorry. I can take them away if it’s a bother.”
“Just don’t drop them on my armor.”
Ceria nodded and settled down as she began to eat her meal. Calvaron wasn’t done teasing though. The Centaur grinned at the two others.
“Did you just wake up? Exhausted, are we?”
“Quite.”
Pisces nodded as he stuffed his face full of meat. He’d completely ignored the mushrooms as well.
“I had no idea—mnph, this is good—that the lessons could be this intense. Will they always be so hard?”
Beatrice looked mildly disgusted at Pisces’ display of eating. She moved her head off the table and onto her lap as Calvaron nodded and laughed again.
“Everyone always complains on the first day. Have you two never been taught by another [Mage] before?”
Ceria shook her head, ruefully.
“I learnt all my spells from books. I taught myself.”
Pisces hesitated before replying.
“There was a local [Hedge Mage] in my…village who agreed to teach me.”
Calvaron nodded as he reached for a drink of dark purple juice. Ceria smelled grape and wished she’d gotten some.
“The first lessons are always the hardest. Once they’re sure you’re not making novice mistakes in how you form your spells, the teachers will go easier on you.”
“I hope so. But do we have to take classes at all? I thought Wistram let mages study how they pleased.”
