Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 1
“We don’t want to make you uncomfortable. I was just curious about whether you were you know…interested. I thought you might be lonely, and Krshia—”
“Thought I didn’t have enough sex. Right.”
Erin stared down at her food. Perhaps if she looked at that she wouldn’t have to meet the two stares directed her way.
“Well I—hadn’t given it much thought, really? I’ve been busy with the inn and all. And um, I hadn’t really thought about a relationship. With someone else, I mean.”
Krshia frowned.
“But you are young. Now is the best time to be mating with others. What holds you back?”
“Nothing! I just—it’s not like people my age go around having sex all the time. Right?”
Erin looked at Selys. The Drake avoided her gaze.
“Well, I wouldn’t say all the time, but once in a while is nice, Erin. And it’s not like you have to have someone special. You could just ah, have a special night once in a while.”
Erin took a moment to figure that one out.
“You mean a one night stand?”
“If you wish to stand it would be a long night. But pleasurable, perhaps? I may try that.”
Selys choked on her drink. Erin thumped her on the back while she tried to stop blushing.
“Look, I’m no expert. It’d be nice, sure, but it’s just not something I’m looking into.”
“But why?”
Selys coughed and looked at Erin.
“It’s not like there are many humans around. I mean, you could meet up with one of those adventurers or merchants that come by, but there are options, you know? It’s a big city.”
“Options? What do you…oh.”
Krshia regarded Erin intently as the human girl’s eyes followed a passing Gnoll. Erin stared wide-eyed at the tall, six-foot tall furred hyena and tried to think of something as a response.
“I um, I—”
Krshia sniffed at Erin and frowned.
“Perhaps you are afraid of Gnolls and Drakes? You do not like scales or fur?”
“What? No—I don’t mind that. I just—I’ve never—”
The Gnoll brightened.
“Oh? So you would not mind mating with one of my kind? It is good.”
“Well mind is—look Krshia, I really haven’t thought about this. Mating, I mean, having sex is something that I don’t know if I’m ready for. Here I mean. I uh, where would I start…?”
“Taking clothes off is a good first step. It works for me.”
Erin turned and glared at Selys. The Drake laughed as Krshia nodded to herself.
“Perhaps it is fear, then? The first time having sex with another not of your kind is odd. I remember my first Drake. It was odd, but exciting.”
Erin looked at Selys. The Drake was staring at Krshia.
“Selys. Have you…?”
Selys jumped. She looked around wide-eyed, not happy at being in the hot seat.
“What, me? No! I mean, I’ve just stuck with—there’s a lot of fur on Gnolls. Not that that’s a bad thing, but I thought Erin would like to meet one of my friends.”
Krshia frowned.
“Drakes? No. If she is to break her wait, a Gnoll is best.”
“I’m not sure that’s true—”
“I have compared the two. I prefer my kind.”
“But that’s you. I think Erin should have a fair choice, that’s all.”
“Mm. But she should know what it is she chooses. There are differences, yes? It would be good to teach her.”
“True…”
Erin stared at Selys and Krshia as the two talked and wondered if she could run away. Probably not. Krshia could track her down and she’d just continue the conversation when they next met. Unless Erin never came back to Liscor. That was an option.
Was it hot in the tavern? Erin looked around. She was sure it hadn’t been this warm when she walked in.
