Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 10
Her opponent stared down at the chess board. She was in checkmate. Rags made a sound of disgust and began resetting the pieces.
“Oh, sure, there were some guys I liked. But if I started dating them, it always became about whether I was better than they were. If a girl was better than they were…”
Erin sighed despondently. The pickings got pretty slim around the 2,000 Elo level, regardless of gender. And she wasn’t into older guys.
“I sort of thought I’d meet someone cool at a chess tournament one day, or in college. I never met anyone else really exciting anywhere else.”
Except online. Erin vividly recalled mysterio_Gamer12, who she’d had a relationship online with. They’d met through chess games and she’d been certain he was a handsome guy.
…That was until she found out that mysterio was actually a Polish girl who thought Erin was a guy.
“That was one awkward Skype conversation.”
Rags glared at the board. It wasn’t Erin’s inane remarks that bothered the Goblin, so much as the fact that even when Erin was chatting away she still could wipe the floor with any opponent.
Erin sighed despondently as she took another of Rag’s pawns to add to her growing collection.
“It’s all so—so sexual, here. I mean, overtly sexual. It’s right in the open. Some Gnolls don’t even have pants, just loincloths.”
She moved another piece and Rags nearly flipped the chess board.
“And now Culyss—I didn’t know stroking tails was how Drakes, um, expressed affection. Selys was saying that he’d be quite happy to show me tricks with his tail. And Krshia said that Tkrn was just marking my inn so other Gnolls knew he was courting me. Does—does that mean every time a Gnoll decides he likes me he’ll just start peeing on my walls?”
Rags took Erin’s queen. Erin checkmated Rag’s king. The Goblin threw up her hands and shrieked.
“That’s the game.”
Erin watched as Rags began slamming pieces back on the board.
“You don’t have to worry about all that, do you?”
Rags looked up at Erin warily.
“Sex, I mean.”
All she got was a blank stare in return. It occurred to Erin for the first time that Rags might not actually know what she was talking about.
“You know. How babies are made? You do know how that works, right?”
Rags shook her head slowly. Erin hesitated. Now that she thought about it, how old was Rags? Old enough to know about the birds and the bees? But then, did Goblins really tell each other about that?
Maybe she should mention it. Rags was a chieftain of her Goblin tribe, after all. That had to mean she got some advances.
“Um. Okay. Wow. How should I put this?”
Erin played one more game with Rags as she tried to explain about how sex worked. Halfway through the game, Rags looked up, dropped her chess piece, and stared at Erin.
“It’s true. That’s how it works. And then a baby pops out nine months later. For humans, anyways.”
The Goblin backed away, mouth open in horror.
“Well it’s not like you have to do that. Look, it’s perfectly natural!”
Erin raised her hand but the Goblin shook her head. She stumbled over a chair and then turned and ran towards the door.
“You can use protection! I mean—”
It was too late; the Goblin was already running for the hills. Erin stared at the empty doorway and sighed.
“Oops? But maybe it’s a good thing she knows.”
 
—-
 
The final consequence of Erin’s impromptu health lesson came the next day when Culyss returned for a second date. Erin was hiding in her inn on the second floor, pretending not to be home. She’d spotted him walking up the hill, and she was dreading the conversation.
