Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 9
Culyss seemed surprised by the question, and even more so when Erin asked if she could touch it. She was curious what it was like. His eyes went wide for  a moment, but he agreed more readily than she would have thought.
That was how she ended up sitting at a table as he faced away from her, stroking his tail, poking it, and feeling it ripple underneath her hands.
It was fascinating for Erin, not least because it turned out the tail was pretty muscular for something that Drakes dragged along behind them to keep their balance. IT could flex, twist, and even manipulate objects if a Drake put his or her mind to it.
And it had bones. Erin pressed at the tail and Culyss made an odd sound in his chair.
“Gently. Gently! Ah…”
“Oops, sorry. Am I hurting you?”
Erin looked up in concern, but Culyss had a faraway look in his eyes. He shook his head vehemently.
“No—no. Please continue.”
She did. The scales were fun to touch, and Culyss kept twitching every time she stroked the tail. It was like having a weird pet snake in her lap and Erin was fascinated when he curled the tip around her hand.
Eventually, she got bored and Culyss stopped moaning. He got up hastily from his chair as she released his tail.
“Thanks for letting me do that.”
“What? Oh, no.”
He shook his head at Erin.
“Thank you. I’m ah, I, ah, should go.”
“What, already?”
Erin was disappointed, but Culyss seemed insistent. He was also covering his groin with his tail.
“I will return. Later. I would love to further our relationship.”
They had one? But Culyss wasn’t Tkrn and he was friendly enough. He bid her farewell at the door, smiling warmly at her.
“It was very nice to meet you.”
Erin blinked at him.
“Um. Sure?”
 
—-
 
It took about two hours for Erin to realize what had happened. Her first clue was when she wondered what a healthy young male would need to cover, and then her second clue came when she wondered whether Drake’s tails were sensitive. Her third clue was when Selys practically kicked down her door.
“You stroked his tail? Erin! It was only a first date!”
“I didn’t know! I didn’t know!”
Screaming ensued. When Selys asked Erin if she’d at least enjoyed it, Erin threw a chair at her. But that was mostly to cover her blushes.
 
—-
 
After Selys had left, Erin buried her face in her hands, ran around the inn until she tripped over a chair, and then curled into a ball in the corner and tried to will the last hour into not having happened.
Ten minutes might have passed, or perhaps an hour. Erin was brought out of her reverie by a sharp poke to the side. She yelped.
Rags poked Erin until the girl uncurled from her ball and glared at the small Goblin.
“What?”
Rags pointed at one of the tables and glared at Erin.
“Oh, right, today’s chess day, is it?”
Erin sat up. Her face was still red, and she felt like burying her head in the ground. But chess was chess, and at least in chess she could forget.
That was how she ended up playing Rags, talking about the entire sorry affair as the small Goblin agonized over each chess move.
“It wasn’t like that when I was younger. I mean, most of the guys I met outside of school were in chess clubs or at tournaments.”
Rags glanced up at Erin as the other girl took her bishop. The Goblin scowled, which Erin took as an invitation to keep talking.
“Sometimes they stared at my breasts, but those guys usually lost. The serious ones and I got along fine. Chess is chess, y’know? They hit on me a lot, but I wasn’t interested.”
Erin paused. She had to be honest.
“…Much.”
