Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 0

*Warning. If you don’t like descriptions of genitalia or sex or anything of that nature, please don’t read this story. This is a Patreon side story which isn’t chronologically linked to the same part in the plot as current chapters.*
 
“You have not had sex yet. This is a bad thing, yes?”
Erin paused with a large forkful of boiled beef and vegetables halfway to her lips. She stared open-mouthed at Krshia and then swiveled her gaze to stare at Selys. The Drake winced and avoided her gaze.
“Um. Okay?”
Krshia leaned over the table and regarded Erin intently.
“It has been weeks since we have known each other. But you have not mated with anyone. This is a bad thing, I am thinking. We must do something about that.”
“We must?”
“Hrm. Yes. That is why Selys and I have invited you. It is a matter which we would discuss.”
“Here?”
Erin looked around the room. They were in a restaurant. Actually, the restaurant was actually a tavern, but Erin liked to think of it as a restaurant. They were pretty much the same thing, but taverns usually included more drinking.
This was a Gnoll tavern though, which meant most of the customers inside were furry. A few Drakes were present, but the staff and cooks were Gnolls. Krshia had suggested the place and Erin had happily accepted.
It was rare that Erin got a chance to leave her inn. But business had been slow, Selys had a free day off and Krshia had mentioned the tavern had good food. So Erin had locked Toren in the inn, joined up with the other two, and come here. They’d spent a fun few minutes talking and ordering food – bloody mutton for Krshia, breaded fish for Selys, and boiled beef for Erin. The food had arrived, they’d begun to eat, and then sex had happened.
Not literal sex, but the thing about even discussing sex was that it did odd things to the mind. Erin stared down at her beef, sitting in a light marinade of broth. It was soft and practically fell apart on her spoon. It looked and smelled delicious, but suddenly Erin was imagining sausages. For no particular reason, of course.
That was the thing about penises. They could appear out of nowhere in a heartbeat. Erin put down her spoon and stared at Krshia. Then her eyes swiveled to Selys.
“Sex? Um. You want to talk about sex?”
The female Drake followed her eyes as she chewed her fish.
“Not just sex. Guys. Males. I was just curious and I mentioned it to Krshia, and she said—”
“You have not had sex. You should. Selys agrees.”
Krshia nodded while Selys shook her head, waving her hands as Erin stared at her.
“I didn’t say Erin should have sex. I just thought it was, um, something to talk about. That’s all.”
“Oh.”
Erin sat back in her chair, staring hard. Sex was sex. She knew all about the birds and the bees, although they certainly didn’t look anything like birds or bees up close. She could handle a discussion about private parts, and she certainly wasn’t squeamish but—
She looked around. She was in a nearly full room full of, not to put a fine point on it, males. Some females, but lots of males now that she looked. And she and her two friends were sitting at a central table talking fairly loudly.
“Um. Should we talk about it here? I mean, sex is…is…”
Krshia and Selys stared at her blankly. Erin turned red. Selys laughed.
“Erin! We just want to talk about relationships. We’re not going to talk about, you know, how it is.”
“Unless you wish to.”
Selys and Erin stared at Krshia. Selys cleared her throat nervously and looked at Erin.
