Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 8
Now that was a statement to give Erin goosebumps, and she wasn’t sure if it was in a good way or not. It was definitely creepy either way, though.
Tkrn smiled at Erin again.
“You have very good teeth. And your hips…are wide. Very fertile, yes?”
“No—I—”
“If you accept my gifts, I would mate with you. Or if you wish, we could get to know each other.”
“Get to know each other? How? I mean, I’m not interested but—what do Gnolls do on their um, first date?”
The Gnoll perked up and smiled even wider.
“We could learn each other’s scent. I could smell you.”
“Smell me? Um…”
Erin’s mind flashed ahead of the conversation. She thought about dogs and where they smelled each other.
“Oh no. Hell no.”
“No?”
Tkrn looked confused, and hurt. Erin raised her hands.
“No. Bad—bad Gnoll. I’m not interested. Go away.”
“Are you sure? I could lick you, too. Or—I could kill something and bring it for you!”
“No.”
“What about grooming? I could groom your hair. You humans don’t have much, but I’m told you have more underneath your clothing. If you—”
“No! No grooming, no smelling, no licking, and no killing! Go away!”
“But I haven’t even—”
“No! Shoo!”
Erin waved her hands at Tkrn, patience exhausted. He looked hurt, but she pointed.
“Go back to the city! And tell Krshia I don’t want a mate! I mean boyfriend! Go away! I mean it!”
Tkrn stared at Erin. When he saw she wasn’t about to budge, his face fell, and his ears drooped. He looked so much like a dejected dog Erin had a nearly uncontrollable urge to reach out and scratch him behind the ears. But she didn’t. That could lead to petting, and there was petting and…petting. She wasn’t about to entertain the idea of either at the moment.
“I understand. I am sorry to have taken your time.”
“Um, right. Thanks?”
Erin closed the door, heart pounding. Why did she say ‘thanks’? It was better than saying sorry, at least. She didn’t hear anything from outside for a few seconds, and then Tkrn moved away.
Well, at least he wasn’t going to stay and howl outside her window. That was probably a racist thought, but Erin didn’t care. She was going to hit Krshia—
Erin thought about Krshia. The Gnoll looked like a basketball player on steroids covered in a carpet. She was going to yell at Krshia, politely, and at a distance.
At least Tkrn hadn’t pressed his case, though. No meant no even in this world, which was good. Very good.
Erin sighed and turned to go back to squishing blue fruits into juice. But she paused. Was something…?
The faint splattering sound was her first clue, but the smell quickly confirmed it. Erin opened the door.
Tkrn paused as he faced the wall of her inn, a few feet away from the door. Erin’s eyes were drawn to his crotch, but another, more pressing question came out of her mouth.
“Are you…peeing on my door?”
 
—-
 
The second suitor was suave and smooth-talking, a lady’s man, except that he was a Drake. His name was Culyss and Erin liked him even if she didn’t like him.
He met her at the door with a small gift – a necklace with a piece of metal hammered into the shape of a pawn chess piece of all things – and charmed her with a few jokes. Before she knew it, he’d invited her to invite him in and they were sitting in her inn, talking.
At some point she must have asked him about his tail. Erin couldn’t help it. It was a tail, and unlike the Gnoll’s fluffy tails which she was used to, the tails of Drakes were long and flexible.
“My tail?”
