Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 2
She caught sight of a Gnoll sitting just across from their table. He was a young…Gnoll, and male. He’d probably come here for a quiet meal, but now he was front-row to a conversation that he clearly wanted to hear and not hear at the same time.
“Erin.”
Erin jumped and looked at Krshia. The Gnoll was smiling at her.
“We think you should learn of our kind, so you may find a partner to sleep with. It would be good to learn of in any case, and you will then have many opportunities, to mate, yes?”
“Yes?”
She nearly said ‘no, please don’t tell me anything.’ But although part of Erin was horrified this conversation was taking place in public, another part of her was curious. Curious—not committed or anything. But since they were talking about that kind of thing…
“So there’s a big difference between Drakes and Gnolls?”
“And humans. We may walk on two feet, but we do some things very differently.”
Selys cleared her throat.
“Or so I’m told. I haven’t seen much.”
“I have.”
Krshia nodded.
“Many things are different. Pleasurably so, but it is good to be warned. If you would mate, you should be ready. I can describe them for you, if you wish.”
Erin still had yet to touch her meal, but she picked up her drink and took a hefty swallow. It was one of the mildly alcoholic beverages on offer and right now she was wishing there was more alcohol in it.
“Describe? What?”
“Male parts of course.”
“Oh. Um, right. Well—okay. Actually, I have a question about that. Do you, um, what do you call them? Male parts, I mean.”
Selys and Krshia exchanged a look and smiled.
“What is it that humans call their male parts?”
Erin told them. Selys frowned.
“Penis? Vagina? That sounds so…so…ew. It doesn’t sound good. Put the penis in the vagina? Is that what you humans say to each other when you’re doing it?”
“Well, we don’t say that. We have other…words.”
“Mm. I think I understand. Males make many names for their pride, is it not so? I have heard them call it their sword, or their spear. Although it is a weak spear if it is just made of flesh.”
She laughed loudly, and Erin was aware that the other guests in the room were listening to their conversation. Selys didn’t appear to notice.
“Really? I’ve heard—um, well, most Drakes call it the ‘second tail’.”
Selys blushed fiercely as Erin tried not to laugh. The Drakes in the room studiously avoided looking anywhere at the three females. Krshia didn’t even bother containing her laughter.
“It is a good way to say it! I have heard my kind call it their small fang. Very small, in some cases.”
Erin tried not to, but she had to laugh as well. Krshia smiled.
“They make much of their male parts, do they not? But Selys, now that we speak of small things I had a question for you.”
“For me?”
The Gnoll nodded as she bit into her bloody meal and chewed.
“I have heard it said that your people have not one, but two lower tails among your kind. It is said often among, but although I have checked, I have never seen two, only the one.”
“Two…?”
Erin stared at Selys over her drink. She tried to imagine it and got very odd images in her head.
“That’s a common misconception. Drakes don’t have two. That’s lizard people.”
Selys scowled around her mug. She flicked her tail on the wooden floor angrily.
“We’re nothing like those freaks. We have one. I mean, I don’t have one but guys have one. Anyways, what would you do with two?”
“I can think of a use.”
Selys looked at Krshia blankly while Erin turned beet red. The Gnoll snorted at them.
“Younglings. Never mind. If you do not know yet, you will find out. Although maybe you have tried—?”
