Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 7
“Well Erin’s not going to be smelling anything anytime soon if that’s how she reacts to meeting new guys.”
“This is true.”
The two paused, and looked at each other over the table. After a moment, Selys spoke.
“Fifteen copper pieces says she takes a Drake first.”
“Hrm. It is agreed. But you will lose the bet. I have a good young one in mind for Erin.”
“And I know a guy. Several guys, actually.”
“Well, we shall see who she picks.”
More silence. Selys picked at her plate. She wasn’t really hungry, anymore. Being covered in spit tends to do that to even the hungriest diner.
“…So. Half an hour? Really?”
Krshia grinned at Selys and snapped the bone on her plate with her paw. She began to lick at the marrow.
“Would you like to find out?”
 
—-
 
The first suitor Erin met knocked on her door the next day. She opened the door and found a Gnoll grinning toothily at her, holding a bouquet of strange, smelly orange flowers. She recognized him. He was Tkrn, one of the city guardsmen.
She was tempted to close the door in his face. But instead, Erin put on a smile.
“Um, hi. It’s Tkrn, right? What can I uh, do for you?”
Tkrn, the friendly Gnoll guardsman who Erin wished was a little less friendly at the moment, smiled widely at Erin.
“I am here to give you a gift, Erin Solstice.”
He held out the bouquet. Erin recoiled as Tkrn shoved the noxious weeds in her face. Erin coughed.
“What’s—that?”
Tkrn looked puzzled. He waved the flowers and Erin tried not to pass out.
“These are flowers. Humans like flowers, yes? I have chosen some that are especially smelly for you.”
“And why do you want me to have them?”
“I have been told you are seeking a mate. I am here to court you. For this, I must have flowers. That is how it is done between humans, no?”
It wasn’t her [Dangersense] that went off, but Erin’s natural instincts that started clanging in her head at this point. She stared at Tkrn and wondered whether she could just shut the door. No. That would probably be impolite.
She was tempted anyways, though. Erin glanced at the flowers.
They stank. Erin was reminded of dogwood, the trees that stank of rotting fish in every spring around her neighborhood. She pushed Tkrn’s offering aside and coughed twice.
“No thanks. I don’t want—I mean, humans don’t give each other flowers that much. Not anymore. I think. Flowers are nice. These are…smelly. But what would I do with them?”
“Eat them?”
“Humans don’t eat flowers.”
“You don’t?”
Tkrn stared at the flowers and scratched his head. Then he tossed them to one side.
“Well, I have more gifts! Here!”
He dug at a pack at his side and handed Erin a ring. She stared at it.
“That’s a ring.”
“Yes! It is what humans have before they can mate, yes?”
Erin stared at the ring. It wasn’t even set with a precious gem. It was a nice ring. A wooden, carved ring one might buy as a souvenir. She knew she shouldn’t blame Tkrn, but she felt insulted it was so cheap.
She glared at Tkrn.
“Krshia put you up to this, right?”
His eyes went wide, and Tkrn adopted an expression of unconvincing innocence.
“No. I am here of my own free will.”
“Really?”
“Really. Krshia may have mentioned to me that you were looking for mates—”
“I’m not looking for mates.”
Erin said it flatly. Tkrn looked disappointed.
“Are you sure?”
“I’m sure. Fairly sure. Very sure. Anyways, I don’t have fur or—or any other Gnoll parts. I’m probably hideous to you, right?”
He grinned at her again. Erin was caught by his wide spread of sharp teeth. Yes, she could definitely see why oral sex only went one way in Gnoll culture.
“I find fleshy things attractive.”
