Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 4
“That reminds me. I’ve been meaning to ask you this, Erin. I have a bet with a friend of mine. She says humans do it but I never believed her…”
A thousand images flashed through Erin’s mind, a thousand clicked internet links she regretted (and a few she didn’t). She braced herself as Selys hesitated. At last the Drake asked the question.
“Do humans really put it…in their mouths?”
Erin stared at Selys. The Drake was deadly serious. Erin looked around. Half a dozen males lowered their heads instantly. The other half were too slow and pretended to be ordering a drink.
“Um. Yes?”
“No.”
Krshia and Selys both looked at Erin in disbelief. The girl shrugged awkwardly.
“What? Yeah, we—I mean humans do. Not me, but it happens.”
“Erin. That’s really disgusting.”
“Mm. It is unusual. But perhaps not so much?”
Krshia looked at Selys thoughtfully.
“What? But Krshia, just think about it. One of those? In your mouth?”
“Yes, but I have heard it said that Drakes use their tongues very well. Is that not so?”
Erin’s gaze was suddenly riveted to Selys’ mouth. Her long tongue flicked out as the Drake covered her mouth with her hand.
“That’s different! And I certainly haven’t—but the mouth? Do you eat it?”
Krshia made a face.
“That would be disgusting, yes? Surely—”
Both Drake and Gnoll stopped at the look on Erin’s face. She stared fixedly at one wall and said nothing. After a moment Selys cleared her throat and changed the topic.
“I just don’t understand it. It’s weird.”
“Oh come on. You’re saying Gnolls and Drakes don’t do that at all?”
“No.”
“No.”
Erin looked from Krshia to Selys.
“Why? I mean, I’m not saying it’s great but—”
“I think it would be hard to convince males to put anything in a female Gnoll’s mouth they did not wish to lose. It would be risky, even at best.”
Krshia bared her teeth and Erin saw her point. Erin had canines. Four, to be exact. Krshia’s mouth was all canine and very sharp to boot. She had very pronounced canine teeth, which made Erin think of a dog. Which hyenas were, if she remembered her biology right. Half dog, half cat or something.
Selys had pointed teeth too, and Erin wondered how sharp they were. She’d seen Selys bite through their meal of beef without any effort. Where Erin had to grind away at the occasional gristle, Krshia and Selys had easily chewed their way through the food.
“I see your point. Um. I guess it’s just a human thing. It goes the other way, too, you know.”
“Other way? Oh, you mean guys using their tongues. That happens with us.”
Krshia nodded.
“They do that all the time. It is an important first part.”
“Duh.”
“Long tongues. Very good.”
Erin shivered. She had goose bumps and the conversation was getting even more awkward.
“I uh, okay. That’s a lot of information. So—so there are big differences.”
“Not so big. All the parts are generally the same. It’s just the details that change.”
“Indeed. But if you were to have sex, I am sure you would enjoy it very much in any case.”
Suddenly the conversation was back to her sex life. Not a topic Erin was too keen on. She raised her hands defensively.
“Look. I appreciate the concern, but I don’t really know anyone in the city. I mean, okay, I know some people, but it’s not like I’m desperate or anything. I mean, who would I even…?”
Erin paused.
“Are you saying I should um, date someone I know? Like Relc?”
Krshia shrugged, but Selys shook her head vehemently.
“What? Of course not. I mean, not unless you wanted to. And you could do a lot better than Relc. I mean, just look at him.”
“What’s wrong with him?”
