Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 6
Erin could see that. Or rather, she could see Krshia and some Gnoll doing cuddly dog things, or even embracing like humans. But when she looked at Selys and thought of two Drakes…the closest she could get to intimacy was rubbing each other with their scales.  It didn’t sound pleasant. Sort of like sandpaper grinding against each other?
“Well, I can see you two get out a lot.”
“Not that much. I’m not—we’re just saying. It’s once a month.”
“Or once a week.”
“I haven’t found anyone good recently so it’s been sort of quiet.”
“I had sex yesterday. It was enjoyable, yes?”
Erin and Selys stared at Krshia. The Gnoll shrugged.
“You’re very…open about all that, Krshia.”
Krshia grinned.
“My people, we have very good noses, yes? There is no use hiding such things so we have no need for modesty. And besides, smelling is good. It tells us many things.”
“Oh? Like what?”
“Like when we are in estrus. Ah—that means when we are in our mating period. Then males come to us. And we also know when we are pregnant. It is a good thing to know.”
“Right. Oh, right! Pregnancy! How do you deal with that?”
“What do you mean, Erin?”
“Well, um, you’re having sex, right? What if you get pregnant?”
There were certainly no condoms lying around here, and Erin was pretty sure that not a lot of mages would be specialized in birth control. Unless there was an [Gynecolomancer] class or something.
Krshia cocked her head at Erin.
“It is a simple matter. There is a tea we may brew that stops such things.”
“Oh.”
Erin felt silly. Krshia nodded sagely.
“Mm. It is a good tea. Tasty. I gave you some to drink when you visited my home, do you not recall? You seemed to enjoy it.”
“I did? I did. Of course I did. And I drank it. Which is totally fine.”
“Yes, it is good. I will give you some herbs to brew your own. Not that you would worry with a Gnoll.”
“That is good. I uh, wouldn’t want to have a litter. Or lay an egg.”
“We don’t lay eggs! Again, that’s lizards you’re thinking of!”
“You don’t lay eggs? Really?”
Erin stared at Selys. The Drake squawked angrily at her.
“No! We’re Drakes, not lizards!”
That meant they were mammals, if Erin remembered her biology class right.
“Oh, sorry Selys. It’s just you know, I thought Drakes were like Dragons and…”
“We don’t lay eggs. We’re descendants of Dragons, but only in some ways. We don’t lay eggs or hibernate. We. Are. Not. Lizards.”
Selys’ tail lashed the ground angrily and she flicked her tongue out as she glared at Erin and Krshia. The other two exchanged silent glances, but said nothing. Selys took a long, soothing drink from her cup to steady her nerves.
“So, when would you like to have sex?”
Erin sprayed most of her drink on the floor, but she still covered Selys with quite a bit.
“Oh, gross. Erin!”
“Selys!”
“It’s just a question. And it’s not like you have to grab the first guy you see. But we could introduce you to someone, nice, you know?”
“No. I don’t know. And I’m not going to—I’m far too busy to—”
“It would take just a moment, yes? We could leave and you meet several young ones I know. I am sure they would be eager to learn your scent.”
Erin stood up, agitated.
“Look it was fu—it was very nice talking to both of y—I’ve gotta go.”
She turned, and fled. Selys and Krshia watched Erin rush out of the tavern. The Drake picked up a napkin and started wiping her face.
“I think it was the idea of smelling that got to her. Humans don’t usually sniff each other.”
“Mm. They should more often. It is good to know what your partner smells like.”
