Side Story – Mating Rituals
Page 12
Krshia and Selys exchanged a glance. Suddenly, everything clicked for the two of them.
“Oh.”
“I see.”
Krshia scratched at her head, and spoke frankly.
“I made a mistake. Tkrn—he was not a wise choice. I told him of you because I thought he would be good. For relaxing, yes? He is good, but not good enough for a first time, yes?”
“And Culyss is—yeah. He’s not first time material. Sure, he gets around but that’s for experienced girls. What you need is—someone else. Someone better.”
Erin sniffed. Suddenly, Krshia and Selys were being very understanding. They left her alone.
“It’s not like I don’t want to give it a shot, it’s just…”
 
—-
 
They came back an hour later. And this time, they brought gifts.
Horrible, horrible gifts.
“Here.”
Erin stared down at the object Krshia was pressing into her hands. She accepted it, only because the other alternative was to have it keep pushing into her breasts. She weighted it in her hands.
“Oh my god. This isn’t what I think it is, is it?”
Krshia smiled encouragingly at Erin.
“What else could it be, I wonder? It is for you, Erin. Until you find a mate, this will do.”
“And I have one too!”
Selys waved her ‘gift’ in the air and Erin’s eyes tracked it. It was almost hypnotic. The Drake offered it to Erin, but Erin really didn’t want to take it.
“You think I need this. Both of you?”
Selys and Krshia beamed at her. Erin stared down at the wooden instruments in her hands and tried not to look or feel them in her hands. If she had to categorize the two, she had a…a Drake one, and a Gnoll one. The Gnoll one was bigger. It was fairly heavy in Erin’s hands and she stared at it, mesmerized.
It was very realistic. Erin stared down at the large bulge halfway down the replica. She was almost completely sure that guys didn’t have a knot. But it seemed Gnolls resembled dogs in more ways than one.
Krshia smiled and nodded as Erin looked over her gift.
“It is carved well, and polished, yes? Much care has been taken so there will be no splinters while using.”
“And you can wash them.”
“Mm. That is helpful, yes? And this way, you need no one else to be happy.”
Erin stared at her gifts. She didn’t know what to say. She was literally speechless.
She looked up. The Drake and the Gnoll were still smiling at her, probably expecting her to say something about their well-chosen gifts.
Erin opened her mouth, smiled, hesitated, and then slammed the door shut. Krshia and Selys stared at the wooden door as they heard Erin bolt the door.
“Do you think she’s mad?”
Krshia shrugged.
“Mm. She is shy. But I will let you know if she uses the gifts. It will likely be today or tomorrow. It is not good to be stored up, yes?”
“I suppose so. But um, maybe don’t tell me. I don’t need to know.”
“As you wish. But it was a very good one you bought. Very real.”
“I know, right? There’s a great store that makes them. You have to ask because the shopkeeper obviously can’t put them on display, but they do all sizes.”
“Really? I shall have to visit this store for myself.”
Erin listened to Krshia and Selys talking from behind the door. It sounded like they were going to visit it right away. And Krshia said she’d know when Erin used—
Well, that made things simple. She couldn’t go into the city…well, ever now.
Erin covered her face in her hands. That was a mistake. The two replicas bumped into her face and she immediately lowered them. She stared at the two long, wooden, hard…she put them on a table and turned around.
