Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 28
Lord Erill Fienst bowed slightly. He regarded Ieka with a touch of wariness, and she felt her heart jump for a second. But then she smiled.
“A delight to see you, Lord Erill. I see you made it to this gathering as well?”
“Per your request. I’m simply happy all this business with that damned Circle is done with.”
A warning tone. Ieka froze—then nodded.
“Quite. And who have we here?”
She stared a touch blankly at the tall, bearded fellow with a smile. He looked like…an adventurer?
“Typhenous, at your service, Lady Imarris. Gold-rank adventurer. May I say, I have been such a huge admirer of House Imarris’ magical acumen?”
“Oh—er—thank you.”
Bethal moved away and Ieka lost her opportunity for revenge. She regarded Typhenous a bit warily. Why was this Gold-rank adventurer courting the nobility? Or rather—why was Erill allowing it?
There were any number of socialites trying to bother the Flowers of Izril, but normally they were brushed off—Ulva was surrounded by Golems who practically threw anyone trying to bother her into the crowd. She was making for the gelato—with the intention of stealing a [Confectioner]. She wasn’t the only one.
And yet—Lord Erill very politely nodded to Typhenous.
“Griffon Hunt, a team employed by his Majesty. I don’t know if you know of them…? I was rather thinking we should sequester a table. Or perhaps watch the plays?”
Typhenous chuckled. Ieka stared blankly at the [Merchant Lord] and her eyes flickered.
[Memo]. You’ll want to listen to this, Ieka.
Her eyes flickered to Erill’s face. And she noticed no less than Lord Deilan El drifting over with two of his house.
“Lord Erill. Lady Imarris. And who is this?”
Deilan looked directly at Erill as Typhenous swept off his hat to bow deeply. None of the others—and two more nobles came over, one from Terland, one independent—knew why Erill was throwing [Memos] around. But the [Merchant Lord] was known for his intuition. And all those attracted were of a certain…interest.
“I have, in fact, seen all the performances performed by the Players of Celum. I encourage everyone to watch, of course. At least one play!”
“Really?”
Ieka’s brows rose higher. This was a well-connected Gold-rank adventurer! Some of the other nobles also blinked. Typhenous was smiling.
“Indeed. Well, I had the great…great honor to stay at the inn where they first originated.”
For a moment, he looked old and tired and—then he smiled again.
The streets had their own way of doing things. As with Grev—well, the master of such things was currently talking with the head of one of the Five Families and half a dozen other nobles.
“In fact, this inn—The Wandering Inn—was an extraordinary place. Truly. I don’t know if you’ve heard of the [Innkeeper]. Or the wondrous inventions she came out with?”
Ieka had heard that she was dead. Typhenous looked around, then produced something.
“…Well, among the other things, that fascinating bicycle as it’s called. Made by a guest of the inn, you see. Among other inventions. The same one the Wind Runner, Miss Ryoka Griffin—another dear friend—rode?”
The nobles stirred as the penny dropped. Lord Deilan’s eyes lit up.
“Ah. The House of El has an order for several of those devices. But the backlog is going to be months. We’ve been outbid by Chandrar, Baleros…”
The others grumbled. Erill just leaned forwards as Typhenous stroked his beard.
“That is regrettable. But as it so happens—I have some illustrations of the device from up-close. A young friend of mine may have brought some…notes.”
