Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 8
“I have read the [Message] myself. Please—Miss Griffin.”
Jericha cleared her throat. Ryoka read. Her eyes skimmed—stuck. Went back up. Focused on a word.
The [Aide] stood there. Below, Hethon and Sammial ran as their [Bodyguards] kept everyone back in the screened inn to tell their father that Ryoka was awake! Lord Tyrion nodded as he dismounted. But he did not ascend yet. Jericha had told him too. And he did not know her.
But he understood.
Silence in the room. A minute. Two. Ryoka’s eyes were flickering down the page. Going back up. Reading again. The rest of her didn’t move. After four minutes, Jericha felt moved to speak.
“We—were unable to send aid to the inn. You see, it is not part of the north. We believed it was secure. We did have agents in Celum and Liscor watching the door. But it was—a Drake city.”
Hectval. An accident. A petty little raid.
Ryoka read down the letter Lyonette had sent to her. Up again.
The [Princess] wrote it out. Not just Erin. But Maviola. In shaking words. Jericha had made this copy. There was no way for Ryoka to know how many tears had stained the page that Lyonette had written.
She was almost the last to know. The others had been told. A week ago—
The Slayer had listened to the screaming as he checked his swords. Just sat there, tending to the blades, saying nothing. Only the Queens asked what was wrong. And he had no words for them.
The [Emperor] sat on his throne, covering his face with one hand. Wondering what would happen. Halrac was missing. Cade was crying—so was Revi. Typhenous just gripped his beard, so hard his hand turned white.
Yvlon kept Ksmvr company. Ceria had just passed out. Drinking. Pisces had left. He had been shaking. Refusing to say anything until he was out of sight. Out of hearing. Tears still ran down Ceria’s cheeks. Frozen water. Somewhere, the [Necromancer] begged for help. Voice shaking, eyes overflowing with liquid. And yet…
—Among many. The words struck Ryoka again. Just…printed words.
 
Erin is dead.
 
Lyonette clarified it. But—that was how she said it. Not ‘neither dead nor alive’. Not more hopeful words. Because those said that she would recover. And the truth was that even the [Doctor] didn’t know how. And—
 
Ilvriss is trying to find a potion or artifact. Saliss has made what he thinks is an antidote. Everyone is looking for a way to revive her.
But no one knows what to do. Ryoka. If you read this before the party, please, respond. 
Do something if you can.
 
Ryoka read again. She saw it, clear as if the [Princess] had sent a picture. More than a superior healing potion. More than just poison.
More than a mortal wound. Bring her back. After her body was frozen. After she was—
Impossible. Ryoka knew half of what Geneva did. A quarter. And she knew no science from her world would save Erin.
Even a Wall Lord’s treasury had nothing immediate. Ryoka thought all this. Then she read again.
And again.
 
Erin is dead.
 
Jericha waited six minutes. Then eight. After nine, she counted down the next minute in her head. On ten minutes exactly, she cleared her throat.
“Miss Ryoka Griffin?”
The Wind Runner said nothing. She was not…crying. Jericha slightly bent to make sure of that. She looked at Ryoka. But the young woman looked—the [Aide] hesitated. And then reached out to touch Ryoka’s shoulder.
In the inn, below, Tyrion was waiting at the breakfast table being served personally by the [Innkeeper]. In the light of things, it was probably not the place to be. But there wasn’t exactly another place large enough to accommodate his escort.
“Father! Father, come on—”
