Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 6
A [Trader] murmured. He was eying a heaping handful of gold one of the fae held out. The Wind Runner whirled.
“How do you know that?”
Erin had never told anyone! But the [Trader] just pointed at one of the fae.
“They told me.”
The giggling figures offering the fake gold laughed as Ryoka turned on them. They flitted away, like naughty children. Ryoka shook her head after a moment.
“If they told you, then you know they’re tricking you! Don’t be stupid! You’ve been warned. Neither his Majesty nor I will recompense you.”
The man hesitated. He eyed the gold longingly, then shook himself and stepped away. The fae cursed and hurled the gold at Ryoka. Some of the people went scattering, picking it up. Ryoka just shielded her face and swore back.
“That hurt! Throw them elsewhere! I know what they are! Ow! Stop it! Why the hell do they hurt?”
A sly voice in her ear. A tufted-ear fae winked at Ryoka and whispered with a voice unlike the others.
“They are not flowers anymore, but pebbles. The Winter Court said there was too much value in flowers. Ah, what tricks mortals play!”
Ryoka turned to the figure. His voice didn’t have that…ephemeral quality some of the others did. A different species? His eyes were like an animal’s. The pupils—he winked and bounded off.
“It seems you have your visitors. Worthy of an [Emperor] indeed. Do you need…assistance, Miss Griffin?”
Lord Tyrion stiffly spoke. Ryoka turned; her cheeks bulged and she let out a laugh before she could help it.
The [Lord] had already been beset by the fae. They’d put flowers in his hair, draped a garland of buds around his neck, and tossed petals all over him. Jericha kept removing them; but somehow there were more flowers and he looked like a bouquet.
Tyrion did not quite look like a statue, but he was certainly stiff with cold indignation. Ryoka covered another laugh.
“I’m—sorry. They’re tricksters, Lord Veltras. And I think—”
She looked around.
“I think I’m fine. I have to do this. Alone, I mean.”
He nodded.
“Simply call if you need aid. Jericha—I will have a drink.”
“Yes, Lord Veltras!”
The flustered woman hurried off after him. Ryoka watched the flower-bedecked [Lord] for a moment and wished she had time to see all the hilarity. Certainly, there was that, and great meetings afoot!
The nobility’s titles earned them little here. The fae mingled with them with cheery good humor, out for their own entertainment, some with agendas. Now Ryoka stared at them, trying to find reason in the chaos.
Searching for the one or ones she needed.
It was hard. They all looked like, well, folk. Humanoid in shape, lithe, ethereal, possessed of that quality of half-Elves, but not diluted.
Beyond that? Ryoka could pin them down neither by the color nor nature of their skin, nor anything else. Some had feathers, others horns. Some appeared covered in fur, but the thing was—she couldn’t be sure of anything. If she stared too close, her eyes unfocused. It was fine to take in the fae, but to try and ask what exact shape their ears were? That was when the mind seemed to untether itself.
Three of them were different, though. As Ryoka had observed; there was an intensity about them. That was how you determined their nature.
Some were as close to mortal as you got. Others seemed realer than reality. They drew the eye. They had the quality of power in every inch of them, such that you knew they were something.
It was like an aura. The figure who had given Zanthia the scarf was certainly…more vivid than two thirds of the rest.
