Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 29
“No questions for you, landthief. Nor answers do I seek. Just keep me company, whilst we pass this day away.”
The [Lady] and Runner looked at each other. But the request was not hard to grant. Ryoka felt time was passing—albeit slowly—but it seemed to her only right that he should make a request of her.
So they watched as the Players of Celum performed My Fair Lady. Not an auspicious play; but the guests and nobles alike liked the singing, the interplay, even if some of the cultural nuance was lost. Ryoka and Ieka clapped as the [Tumbler] performed on stage; she was a famous performer from Invrisil. Over Level 40.
Here? She introduced herself, apologizing for her poor performance, for all her acrobatics were flawless. Like a child performing before masters at the craft.
Food was brought out. Treats of all kinds. An attempt at cotton candy; strands of the stuff, hardly actual cotton, more like spun sugar-threads which broke. Still well-received. Gnollish and Drakeish foods, which the Humans ate dubiously and the fae fell upon.
Treats from an inn. An ‘acid jello’. Cookies baked like paw prints. Ryoka tasted tears as she ate hers.
But she did eat. She and Ieka spoke lightly; Ryoka explaining some of the nuances of accents. Pointing out treats she knew were based on people. Melidore laughed and spoke.
And the fae did come to him, like children to the adult, asking him to resolve quarrels like fights over who got a statue where, over a pizza with flies—how had that gotten here?—and so on.
Twice, Melidore rose and the seven warriors stirred. Then the fae fell silent and the mortals likewise. Once, because a knot of quarrelling fae fought despite his orders to split the coveted pizza apart. The second time—when it occurred that Sikeri had ‘persuaded’ a noble to give her a vast amount of money and artifacts and jewels.
Both times, Ryoka felt his presence, harsh, terrible. And even the Wyrm quailed and recanted the promise.
Time passed onwards. The Skylights performed, and the fae swooped about the illusions, ridiculing the [Mages] until the [Illusionists] fled in tears at the ‘poor magic’. Some of the food was turned into a food fight that Hethon and Sammial took part in.
Eloise drank tea with Silver Pines. Grev won a game against three of the fae and they showered him with gold and lies for his victory. Ryoka rolled her eyes and Melidore nearly fell out of his seat laughing.
He laughed only that one time, to see the gloating city boy hoarding his gold which would turn to pebbles by morning.
He cried only once, as well. And that was when Barelle the Bard took to the stage to tell the [Innkeeper]’s tale.
Ryoka did not know who told Barelle what had happened. Perhaps he had gone into the inn itself, from Liscor. Or pieced together the events from those who had been there, like Delanay. Ylawes.
Nor did she remember the content of the story. It was one she knew; the nobles listened, to an abbreviated tale of The Wandering Inn and its [Innkeeper].
A false tale, really. Too glorious and exaggerated by half. Erin was some kind of cunning genius, who always had a trick up her sleeve. She wasn’t silly; every act seemed to be part of a greater plan.
That wasn’t Erin. But this was a story. And Barelle had captured some part of her. Part was artistic license. But when he spoke of—kindness—Ryoka wept.
She had not stopped weeping. For the [Bard] had begun the tale only so—a touch of the blue and orange chords.
“Once, there was an empty inn upon a hill…”
