Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 26
Strawberry. Lemon (Sour!). Vanilla. Mint…
“There are multiple types of it? Wait—this can’t be gelato, can it?”
Lord Pellmia was aghast. He strode to the head of the line. The [Confectioner] bowed instantly.
“Milord, it is! We have every flavor and these…cones. Or a bowl, if you would prefer? There are also sweets to add. Only—eat it too fast and your teeth will ache, sir!”
Lord Pellmia stared at the toppings. Both fruits like banana and baked goods. A ‘cookie’?
“But—I bought some gelato for my family in our city! And we paid gold for it—freshly imported from Terandria, no less!”
He spluttered. He’d gotten barely a bowl of the stuff and paid far more than he should have for that! And it had been vanilla.
“His Majesty knew the recipe, milord, and we have been preparing a wide variety of dishes from his home. We also have slices of ‘cake’, and a number of dishes…”
Lord Pellmia stared. In point of fact—Laken hadn’t known ice cream’s manufacturing process. But Erin, Ryoka, and Imani had all contributed to the Unseen Empire’s preparations.
…Mostly Imani.
There were pizzas, burgers, all the unhealthy foods—and more complex dishes waiting in the wings. Imani had sent culture. Erin had sent fries.
That drew the nobles over by storm. Gelato? Pellmia walked towards his family, bemusedly holding a double-scoop ice cream cone of mint and lemon.
“Lord Hethon, Lord Sammial, I believe the other children would like a turn.”
Jericha managed to get the two to stop hogging the [Wizard]’s attraction when she produced two cones of ice cream. The boys whirled about and let the other children take a turn. Indeed, even the [Wizard] and some of the performers who didn’t need to use their hands were indulging.
Ice cream aside—Hethon’s jaw dropped as he saw the interesting foods, not to mention the other displays.
“These are not free. Trinkets for sale! Charms!”
A [Witch]—Agratha—was slapping down someone who was just reaching for objects on display. Across from her, [Traders] and [Merchants] had set up.
“Artifacts for sale! Silk from Chandrar—”
“Are those [Witch] charms, Jericha? I want one!”
Sammial pointed. Jericha dragged him back.
“Milord, your father would not want you to buy—”
Laken Godart’s ears already hurt from all the sound. But he was watching with his vision as the entirety of Riverfarm exploded with motion. He was keeping an eye on the [Witches].
It was typically Agratha who had organized the stall. Her brand of [Witch] would sell charms of lesser power directly to even the nobility. The Mavika, Alevica type were not part of that.
But they were here. And he was very wary of how they’d interact with the nobility. They’d promised to behave—but that was a loaded promise.
Thankfully, it appeared the first thing they’d done was raid the buffet. Laken nudged Gamel.
“Gamel. I need your eyes. Did…Hedag just walk off with an entire cake?”
“…Yes, your Majesty.”
“Ah, very good. Just making sure.”
Which also meant that Mavika had stolen six pizzas and was taking them to her crows. Laken sighed. At least he’d prepared for this kind of thing.
This was the party. People mixed and mingled, and strange meetings occurred amid the entertainment.
“Alevica! Alevica! It’s me! Good to see you! Look what I found! You have to try this! It’s milk and ice cream!”
“Charlay, get off of me. We are not friends! I will hex you!”
The Centauress was pressing a milkshake at the [Witch]. Exasperated, Alevica grabbed it, took a sip, and immediately went off to find all the sweets with Charlay.
“Wot’s this? Wot’s this? Chess? I happen to be a good player myself.”
