Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 25
Now, this was what Hethon and Sammial had come for. No sooner had Barelle spoken then the sky turned dark. Someone screamed and others gasped as a Dragon appeared in the air.
It was no real Dragon, but an outline of one, made by a thousand thousand sparkling lights of color. It roared and clawed the air, then swooped down and burst like a rain of fireflies on the awestruck crowd. Glittering bits of its body fell, sparkling—and Hethon caught one on his hand and stared at the beautiful thing before it faded.
And that was the opening. The Starlights, a famous [Illusionist] group, began to conjure more creatures. A Manticore bounded down the street, perfect in every detail, roaring, and a performer of a different stripe battled it in a display of footwork and stagecraft that even had Pralcem approving.
What wonders! What spectacle! Within moments, Sammy’s dour mood was blown away. Food was swept onto countless tables. A [Tumbler] bounded down the street, trailing streamers on her colorful costume. She flipped forwards, doing a handspring, then did a double backflip over Sammial and Hethon’s heads. They cried out, but she was already bounding forwards.
Jericha just watched, a tad bit wary. But they were just performers. A [Juggler] was already setting up his flaming daggers in a safer spot, the audience clearly separated by a striped line of paint on the street.
“Wow! This is amazing! You were wrong, Sammy!”
Hethon burst out. He’d seen the Starlights once, before Sammy had been able to watch. But there were the Starlights and Barelle the Bard! And the Players of Celum and—he gawked as he saw a [Wizard] carefully setting up a complicated, glowing field of magic.
“Sammy. Sammy! That’s—that’s—the Wonderous Omnivel!”
“What?”
Sammial shouted. His head spun around and he went running towards the purveyor of the fabled Box of Wonders, the most high-end, sought-after artifact for children everywhere, if you could afford it.
The Wonderous Omnivel was in the same entertainment circuit as Barelle the Bard, and no less admired—if by a younger crowd. The field was a larger version of his Box of Wonders.
“Step forwards, children! Make a line!”
The [Wizard] waved his wand as children who knew him surged forwards in a screaming mob. He sighed, and then pointed.
“Have you ever dreamed of dancing with Dragons? Walking with Giants?”
A huge foot appeared, and everyone jumped back as a towering shape—sixty feet high—appeared!
But only in the fifteen by fifteen foot spot. Jericha folded her arms, not fooled by the powerful illusion. Omnivel’s field of magic was under his control. And in it, you could make little armies fight, pretend to be a [Mage] of your own—
If the [Wizard] looked slightly sour, it was because a certain Academy was apparently working on an improved version of his famous Box of Wonders—and threatening to ruin his livelihood. But today, he let Sammial and Hethon enter the field and begin dueling with swords that emitted jets of fire and sparks.
And he was one of many. The Flowers of Izril watched, slightly impressed. Of course, it was certainly a display of wealth and connections to get Barelle the Bard, the Skylights, and so on. But the nobility didn’t run towards the simpler attractions. They’d seen illusions. What interested them—and soon the children was—
“Ice cream!”
Eliasor’s eyes widened as she saw the heaping bowls of the stuff. It was carefully chilled with ice, but it was there.
In…flavors? One of the panting [Confectioners] of the Unseen Empire—recently given the new class—had signs indicating the flavors.
