Solstice (Pt. 9)
Page 4
Laken shouted in horror. Tyrion felt a lurch of dread. What was the fae doing? The figures firmed and seemed shocked themselves. The fae were screaming at Melidore. Why was he doing this?
For answer, the fae raised his sword to the sky.
“We uphold our oaths. We will never forget! My liege! My king. I call your name. Oberon! Oberon!”
The word was faint at first. But then it began to echo. It rang in the air. The fae jerked. The five’s smiles…vanished.
They began to back up. But they had come too far. Now—the six fae warriors blocked their path. Shadows began to flee.
Melidore stood alone in the light. The fae dropped his sword and howled at the sky as the echoes grew louder. This time his voice tore at reality.
 
“Oberon!”
 
—-
 
The word ran throughout the land of the fae. Ryoka and Ivolethe heard it come through the doorway. It rang through the forest, the city, the lands beyond.
A single word from Melidore’s voice. Ryoka felt the world singing it, ringing like a bell. It shook her.
“He calls his name! Is he mad? What has—no. No!”
Ivolethe knew what it meant. She darted towards the gate and recoiled in horror. Ryoka looked at her.
Shadows around the fire. She was afraid. But then Ivolethe’s teeth bared.
“More fools they. Melidore has trapped them. He comes. He comes!”
“The Faerie K—”
And then Ryoka sensed it. A change in the air. The word kept ringing and ringing, like the tolling of bells. It was more than just one name. She heard Oberon, and a hundred other names. Melidore knew them all.
Ivolethe had told Ryoka she could have summoned one aspect of the Faerie King by luck on that day. Melidore?
He summoned all of them.
Ryoka and Ivolethe’s heads turned as the name faded into sudden, strange silence. They could not help it. And perspective…Ryoka looked past the hills.
Past the distant road leading into the heart of the lands of the fae. Past the forest and the great trees. Past the broken city.
Past the pieces of worlds and homes of the guests from afar.
Past even the Court of the Fae.
In. To the center of this world. And there he was.
Oberon, the Faerie King rode a great stag. No—he was the stag. The Stag King! No, he stood astride a chariot—
Countless forms flickered across Ryoka’s vision. Countless aspects. The Faerie King walked out of the heart of the world. And behind him came his court.
His army.
He walked down the one road in the world towards her. In a straight line. That was how it had always been. The entire world of the fae was one road towards the gateway and the Faerie King passed before all present.
Nama, the giant with three eyes, the three Kings around their sword, the Wyrms—everyone. They all bowed as he passed. Kneeling. Paying their respects to the one ruler of this place.
Oberon. In his wake followed the fae, armed for war. Ryoka had heard of the legendary armies of heaven that would descend during the end of the worlds. This was a host like that.
The world trees walked. Those like Silver Pine, amid their smaller kin. Dragons took wing and then forms like Teriarch’s, walking behind the Faerie King.
Magical beasts joined the army. Ryoka saw them all following that ruler of the fae.
And he saw her as well. His Wild Hunt followed, their enmity with Ryoka forgotten. The Faerie King was far away—and he was right in front of her.
Ivolethe was prostrate. So was Ryoka. She feared his wrath, and she dared not meet his eyes.
But then the great, horned head dipped. Ryoka looked up.
