Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 7
“We kept them apprised of your condition. I shall assist you in expediting news of your recovery. Similarly, we have treated all those who participated in the delivery that we could find. Recompense is being paid for all incurred expenses—with the exception of the Drake, whom I understand had an outstanding bill of astonishing magnitude. However, Lord Veltras will fairly reward all those who came to his aid.”
Oh. They really were grateful. Ryoka blinked.
“T-thank you. You’ve done everything. I—how long have I been out?”
Another look. Jericha exhaled.
“A week and a half, nearly.”
“A week and a—oh no!”
Ryoka jerked. That was practically—she whirled.
“I—I’ve—I’ve failed! I was going to ask—maybe there’s still time. I need a favor! I know this is wrong, and Lord Veltras is a [Lord] of the Five Families, but when he arrives, do you think—?”
“Miss Ryoka Griffin.”
“—There’s this party. And I need one of the—three of the Five Families to attend! Is it the Summer Solstice?”
They were too far away. Ryoka began to hyperventilate. Jericha spoke again.
“Miss Griffin!”
Ryoka looked at her. Jericha had a mildly exasperated look on her face.
“If you would allow me to finish—Lord Veltras received your request. He assented. He will attend this gathering with the [Emperor] of Riverfarm on the Summer Solstice. Which is today.”
“But we’re—too far.”
It was all the way back near Invrisil. Ryoka wanted to run. But her legs were jelly. She wanted to scream. All her plans! And she’d gotten—
Wait. Maviola. Magnolia? Tyrion? It was three! But they were so far away! Jericha pinched the bridge of her nose. She had spectacles.
“Miss Griffin. Please, listen. The Summer Solstice is today. Lord Tyrion Veltras received your wish to attend the party. Your waking was the only complication. However—you are in an inn less than forty miles from Riverfarm. We have been transporting you as you slept to arrive at the party in time.”
The City Runner’s head turned. Jericha gave her a small smile.
“…Oh.”
Ryoka’s heart was still beating wildly. But that—oh.
It was almost like other people could arrange things and keep to a schedule. It was almost like they were better than Ryoka at it. And it was also almost like she had decided to embarrass herself on purpose. But Ryoka didn’t need to work at it to be a master in her field. It was sheer, natural talent.
Noise from outside. Horses—Ryoka heard the din of a large number of them. Jericha glanced out the window.
“Lord Veltras has arrived. He will speak to you at breakfast; it is very early morning, you see. We should arrive within the hour at Riverfarm, after a short breakfast. However, I wish to…apprise you of a few details, Miss Griffin.”
Something was off about that statement. But Ryoka saw the last flicker in the professional façade. Everything had been going so well—
“What?”
The [High Mage] took a breath. And she looked uncomfortable for the first time. No—she had been from the beginning.
“…The party aside, issues of decorum, Lord Veltras’ safety and what you wished…no. No. Miss Griffin. You may wish to sit.”
“Is it Tritel and Ci? I—I know. Did anyone else…?”
Ryoka felt a sudden fear gripping her heart. Jericha just shook her head.
“Not on the delivery. Sit down, Miss Griffin. I received a missive for when you woke up nearly a week ago.”
“What? What does it say?”
Jericha produced a folded piece of paper. Ryoka unfolded it with shaking fingers. She noted the sender as she unfolded it.
The Wandering Inn, Liscor. From Erin? But the way—had something happened? [Assassins]? She looked up, searching Jericha’s face for anything.
