Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 2
Second—the ritual space had no base of power. Nor a perceivable target. Spells needed a source of power, just like fire needed fuel. This one?
Well, the Blighted King knew one source of power. He stood, impatiently, with only Nereshal beside him.
The room was empty. So empty it was frightening. He had not made this a grand occasion. This was like the first experiments, when they had tried to summon one. And, apparently, failed.
But the scale of this circle was ten times the last one. An exponentially greater ritual. It would deliver him his victory. Othius’ hands were slightly clammy. His regal garb askew; and no servants to correct it. He felt as though everything should be perfect for his triumph.
He would make do. The [King] raised a hand.
“Begin.”
It began with a sigh. There were only six people in the room besides the two onlookers. Six [Mages].
One of them was High Mage Laisa. Her hands still felt the biting pain. She still shuddered with memory of her…interrogation.
But her faith in the Blighted Kingdom had been restored. The demons must be destroyed. She had doubted, fled, become traitor with the other [High Mages]—half of whom had disobeyed their king with her.
—Yet after meeting His Majesty in person, she had realized the error of her ways. Laisa had seen reason and gone back to her work.
Still, the sigh escaped her lips. It was too late to stop. But she was afraid.
The [Mages] channeled their linked mana into the spell to activate it. Then? All they had to do was keep the connection. Open…something.
The [High Mage] feared what would come next. She had felt it both times before. A…tearing. Something opening she could not explain. This time—she feared what would occur.
But for now, she simply stood. Feeling her power activate the ritual and it slowly begin to change something.
The Blighted King and Nereshal watched. After a while, they sat down. The one thing they had learned from the last ritual?
Bring chairs.
It took a long time.
 
—-
 
“They’re here. They’re here. Break out the drinks! The food! Entertainers, to the guest area! Remember—keep everyone else out. Children, the folk of Riverfarm—remember the rules!”
Mister Prost and Lady Rie were directing people from the edge of the gathering. Riverfarm’s folk and the many from abroad stared at the giant ring where the mysterious visitors frolicked. The party was going on in Riverfarm’s streets. But clearly—there was an inner gathering as well.
Many people wanted to attend. But Beniar, the army, and the noble’s escorts kept most back. It was for their safety.
And already, the gathering had begun to move past simply amazing into…wondrous. Both foul and fair.
“Dance with me, won’t you, sir? Little lord of these lands?”
A laughing, beautiful creature appeared in front of Lord Ranga. Mystified, he looked at the person; she had fins and gills.
“Are you a Drowned Woman? Er—that is to say, I’d be delighted, Miss…?”
“Ranga! I’m right here!”
His wife slapped him. The [Lord] heard delighted laughter and the trickster fae leapt away. This time to go after his son! The younger [Lord] instantly took her hand and Ranga went after both—why, he couldn’t say. His wife went after him—until one of the other fae beseeched her for a dance.
The nobles were whirled into the crowd, forgetting their dignity as the fae asked for a dance, conversation, a partner to eat or laugh with. Not just the nobility; the bodyguards, servants, were singled out for reasons only the fae knew.
