Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 39
Wrong. He saw the way the warrior moved. Perfection in every line. It was like half-Elves, and the peerless ability they developed over their unnatural lifespans.
Only, even more refined. An age this warrior had taken to perfect their craft. Thomast struck out, in a lunge and it was knocked aside.
“What peerless skill.”
He murmured. He moved to [Flicker Step]—halted. The second attack nearly cost him his rapier and a freezing blade turned his arm numb. He cried out—switched arms. His left arm was dead.
“Thomast! What are you doing!”
Bethal cried out in horror. Thomast could have avoided it! But the [Chevalier] did not use [Flicker Onslaught]. [Double Cut], or any other Skill. He didn’t even use a Skill as he brought up his sword, saluting the warrior again.
He could have. But it would have been wrong. To use a Skill—in this moment, at this time? Thomast felt that it was cheating.
Somehow. Skills had been part of his life. But now, faced with true mastery of the blade, he was suddenly ashamed to have called himself a [Fencer]. He saluted the mysterious warrior.
Slowly—the winter fae did likewise. Thomast gritted his teeth. The cold—Bethal was haranguing him. But he had to keep the duel going. Stay wide of the range of that blade.
Give Ryoka Griffin time. He would have fallen by the third stroke, or the fifth. But Thomast had felt this once before.
When he had crossed swords with the Hobgoblin in the forest. He would not fall so quickly.
 
—-
 
Lord Tyrion Veltras felt the exact same as Thomast in that first exchange of blows. If not for his Skills, he would have been cut!
And yet he did not abandon his Skills. The moonlight warrior struck again, blade flickering—he cut from one side and his weapon appeared from the other! Unpredictable!
It was all that the [Lord] could do to stay on the defensive. He would have wished to match blades fairly, even if it meant his loss by the second stroke. But—
Beyond him, Ryoka Griffin was backing up as two duels commenced. The fae were cheering, surrounding the two. Tyrion launched forwards. [Lancing Hydrastrike]!
The furious blows, eight in total, rained down on the other warrior’s shield. Tyrion felt like he couldn’t have cut through the moonlight shield even if he’d tried.
Cut through moonlight?
He was sweating as he circled. Hurry! Hurry, Wind Runner!
 
—-
 
But five remained. Each one a sword at Ryoka Griffin’s throat, albeit from afar. If she moved, her head rolled.
Yet the two warriors had inspired the others.
“Challenge!”
Lord Pellmia roared at the same time half of the House of El’s guards, Lord Gralton, and dozens others did likewise. Gamel, Durene, Ylawes, and his father—if one fell, someone else would take up arms! Duel me! Duel—
The warrior of summer walked past Lord Pellmia without even looking his way. The [Lord] faltered. His outstretched sword moved to block the fae’s path.
“I said, duel me, sir! I challenge you t—”
The sword’s melted hilt wavered in his grasp. Pellmia went cross-eyed and recoiled. The summer fae did not even turn his helmeted head.
 
“Hah! You think you can challenge one such as them so easily, mortal lord? Little man?”
 
The fae laughed at Pellmia. He looked around, uncomprehending.
“Few warriors true stand here. In this pathetic world, not enough know the dance of blade and bone and blood!”
Melidore. And indeed, the other five warriors were ignoring the other calls to challenge. From the bodyguards, from the other nobles. Thomast and Tyrion, yes. But…
