Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 3
Was that an indoor pool? Marble tiles—Ryoka’s head turned.
She saw an oafish man with three eyes and a club look around. He was…about eight feet tall. And looked rather like the giant, only in miniature.
“Huh?”
Ryoka heard a cackle of laughter from the three sisters as they peered at Ryoka.
“Would you look at that? Darling girl! She has that idiot dead to rights!”
“How long has that fool been wandering about? And a mortal gets the best of him?”
The figure was scratching his head. he stared at Ryoka.
“You got large. Is this a trick? If it’s a trickster god, I’ll eat him and scatter his bones across the world!”
He waved his club around furiously. The three sisters sneered at him as he looked around, perhaps for some other presence. Ryoka stared at him.
“It worked!”
Perspective. And the giant had none. He stared at Ryoka and then his face turned into a huge grin.
“More of you to eat, then!”
He raised the club and ran at her. Ryoka hesitated. He was still eight feet tall! Huge, like a wall of flesh running at her! She—
…Pulled out the Pepperspray Potion and tossed it in his face. The brute screamed, surprisingly high-pitched, and writhed on the ground.
The three sisters collapsed into gales of laughter as they emerged from their home. Ryoka stared at the empty bottle, and then the brute. She turned—
 
—-
 
Unbidden, the world shifted back. The mountain sat above her, so vast it could have been one of the High Passes. The world was shaking.
Ryoka saw the titan writhing on the ground, screaming such curses the air itself turned black and fled his presence. She shook so hard her bones tried to vibrate out of her—
“Enough. Begone, you pesst!”
Someone hissed. The giant’s howl became a distant thing, for all he thrashed and the shaking stopped. Ryoka turned…
Three Wyrms peered down at her, each one smiling with so many teeth that their vast heads looked like forests of ivory unto themselves. They had emerged from the caves and were staring at her.
“How smart! Of all the trespassers who made it this far, none had the sense to look at him differently!”
“She smells of the forest. And the city. Did you go through both?”
“And strange and powerful meetings. She has protectors, this one. No wonder she made it this far. Will we let her go further?”
Ryoka heard the three voices speaking a sibilant tongue she could not understand. But meaning was clear. She stared up at the Wyrms.
Oh no, not more of them.
Fortunately, she caught that thought before it leaked. The three twined around her, moving over each other to form a circle with their bodies.
“Um. Hello! Honored Wyrms. I’m sorry about that. That guy’s been following me about—”
Ryoka desperately willed herself to see the three socialites and their mansion-home. But the oldest of them, with dark green scales mixed with chalk-grey, laughed.
“None of that now. We won’t be reduced so easily. Our perspective matters more than yours. What is your name, smart mortal?”
“Er…Cherise.”
One of the vast tongues flicked. All three frowned. One of them turned to the others.
“Is she actually trying to lie to us? She’s managed to hide her thoughts.”
“Cheh. Mortals. And here I was beginning to like her.”
Ryoka wished the automatic translation in her head wasn’t so…normal. It made the vast Wyrms less awesomely terrifying—
And she should be terrified.
“Try again.”
The smallest advised Ryoka. And small was comparative; her scales were dark red, fading to a kind of orange-green that would have fit luminous caverns of fungi in the dark. Ryoka had a feeling the Wyrms weren’t outdoor-types.
