Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 16
Ryoka blinked. She did, and Ivolethe flitted about her, peering intently. She cried out.
“Aha! I knew it! Ye have a thread on ye.”
“What? Where?”
Ryoka panicked. Ivolethe plucked something. Ryoka shouted.
“My hair!”
“Not your hair. A thread. See?”
Ivolethe yanked a strand of hair out of Ryoka’s scalp. It came out with some blood and skin. Ryoka stared at it. It was indeed…thread. It glistened blackly.
“Oh no. Belavierr?”
“Mhm. She must have touched ye. That one lays plans like webs. However—”
Ivolethe briskly drew the thread up. Then she snapped it between her pale hands briskly. Ryoka gasped.
“Ivolethe! Can you do that?”
“Of course I can.”
The thread turned to ice and fell to pieces. Ivolethe drew them up with a pointing finger and blew.
“Return to your mistress with my gift! For my friend’s troubles, have at ye, you stupid Witch!”
 
—-
 
Belavierr the Stitch Witch was at work on the balcony of the Necromancer’s castle when she stirred.
“What broke it?”
Az’kerash felt it too. He stopped his work, warily. He felt a chill coat his entire castle in a second, despite the layers of magical protections.
“Dead gods. What? Belav—!”
An avalanche of snow poured out of the sky onto the dark castle out of the summer sky. Belavierr raised a hand—
The entire castle was buried in ice.
 
—-
 
“Ivolethe! What did you do?”
Ryoka stared. She had seen the power go through the frozen strands before it vanished. Ivolethe grinned and dusted her hands.
“I told you. I have power, here. I just warned that fool weaver what happens when she interferes with my friends.”
“Won’t you get in trouble?”
“I am already in trouble. Ryoka. Ryoka, Ryoka, Ryoka.”
The Winter Fae took Ryoka’s hands in hers. She looked Ryoka in the eye, the spirit of mischief and…honest friendship there.
“You came to me for aid. You shall have it. I shall break every law I can for you. After all—we are friends.”
Ryoka felt her skin prickling. But her smile was as wide as could be. No holds barred. Not on this day of days.
They were flying about, looking for the visitors from space. Ryoka was talking to Ivolethe about Melidore.
“He hated our world. He came to the party, he said, for nothing.”
“Aye. Do not hold his actions too much against him. I shall beat him until he is bloody, after all.”
“Um. Okay.”
Ivolethe nodded. Her gaze was sympathetic as much as it was annoyed with her kind.
“And he was different, an age ago. He was of one court, not half of the whole. He laughed; he was a merry prankster. He still is one of those things. But your world has made him bitter.”
“My world?”
“The one you came from.”
Ivolethe clarified. Ryoka blinked. Innworld alone had made Melidore the way he was? Ivolethe was nostalgic and playful as she pointed down; Ryoka saw the three Kings from afar, the six aliens—and some of the fae host, all walking through the city. She was sure they’d been untroubled.
“When he was of old? He would have been the party of parties! He loved mortals more than most of our court. Er…just as well he wasn’t his old self, then. In ages past he would have bedded a dozen and put a faerie’s child in all of ye. You would have born them a full year and day and woken with flowers and gifts and no babe…”
Ryoka spluttered. Ivolethe was looking pointedly over her shoulder as she descended.
“What, me? Give me some credit!”
“Are you saying that you would not have been interested had he come to you as such?”
“I have standards!”
“Yes. Mostly for those who live many times your lifespan.”
Ivolethe snorted. Ryoka was beet red as she touched down upon the ground.
“I wouldn’t have gotten pregnant—”
