Solstice (Pt. 4)
Page 0

Chrysanthemum’s subtle scent blew upon the halting wind. A breeze which moved between the dappled light, spotted shadows traced beneath the sky of branches.
Green eyes, like the leaves of the very trees she stood underneath, opened. The young woman’s torn clothing ruffled in the breeze. A splatter of dried blood rendered scentless stained her upper sleeve, beyond which recently-mended flesh lay, like a pale scar between her royal blue tunic, sewn together and mended with the sigil of House Veltras in patterns around the edges.
Ryoka Griffin felt the wind shift her raven-dark hair and looked around to see an aged wall of bark in front of her. Wonderingly, she put her hand out and felt at the rough texture. The bark flaked away in her grasp.
“Strange.”
She murmured, her voice slightly husky in the changed air. The changed world. The young woman studied the tree’s trunk. Then she looked around.
What had before been a small clearing in the forest had changed without sound, only in perception. A vast trunk lay in front of Ryoka, akin to a wall of wood. She stared at it. And realized that what had been before a tree was now—
The world’s tree stretched upwards, so vast it had a beginning and no end. The roots she could have run across, stumbling, scraping at her knees, feeling the rough bark of countless ages ascending upwards.
The tree towered beyond the limits of her vision. High overhead, leaves so vast as to be rooftops of their own betrayed the false sky with faint points of light.
And the branches continued to stretch across the sky. Reaching out, and then tangling with…
Other branches, like a spider web across the forest’s ceiling. Ryoka gazed upwards and a flash of insight revealed the truth: this was but one tree in a forest.
And yet, the one tree encompassed more than she had beheld the moments prior. The young woman started, and her heart caught in her throat, adding a wobbling cadence to her next words.
“I—what happened?”
A slight exhalation of breath. Then she turned and saw how the land beyond lands had altered.
The ring of fungi had altered markedly as well. What had been slightly discolored, ordinary whitecaps or some other form of indigenous fungi had sprouted higher. Until Ryoka could safely walk under the vast caps of reds and violets, gaze upwards at the lines of the mushroom’s growth.
And see life, where life had not been before.
A profusion of webs caught her eye, scintillating lines of glittering silk spun with dewdrops and the remnants of prey. The young woman reaching out to touch the uneven mushroom’s stalk snatched a hand back.
For she saw the glittering eggs lining the trunk. And overhead, the interior webs splayed about the inside of the mushroom’s cap, eaten into the half-rotten vegetation.
Spiders, not Shield Spiders but of a stranger variety still, stared down at her. Hanging from strands of silk, some as large as her head.
Tens of thousands. The largest of them began to creep downwards and Ryoka leapt away from the fungi, a curse on her lips. She stumbled forwards—foot striking a shard of pain from a buried rock—
Into the heart of the faerie circle of mushrooms. The young woman halted as the wind blew again, catching an unwary foot as it drifted downwards. The tug was fierce and insistent, a physical barrier of air which resisted and pushed her back.
To safety. For Ryoka Griffin saw the grass had grown wild, in profusion, bearing plentiful, fat seeds, among wild flowers and plants of every nature.
