Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 9
There, on the border between things, before the land turned into the home of the fae—a place where anything was possible, the greatest danger still, perhaps—
Ryoka saw a group of people arguing.
They were all rather tall, slender, elfin without being exactly Elves. Somehow, Ryoka knew this. They were, in fact, like larger copies of figures she’d once seen in moving crystal and ice, or dancing among mortals in the party.
Her breath caught. Her eyes went wide. She beheld the arguing fae—each one adorned in the colors of their court. Not the lively, gay colors of summer.
The subdued magnificence of the Winter Court.
They were arguing loudly, fighting. Two sides, one smaller, trying to get away from the larger mob. Ryoka saw a female form being yanked back by the angry ones wanting her to stay.
“Forbidden! Absolutely forbidden! The Wild Hunt has her!”
“Hah! Ye foolish bastards. If they got her so easily, where are their ringing horns of triumph? Let go, I said! Let go!”
“He will be more wroth with you than he has any other for thousands of years! Do not do it for one petty mortal! Ivolethe!”
The figure strained as they dragged at her clothes. Then her head turned. The arguing fae at the border stopped. Their eyes bulged. King Arthur laughed as he rested on his sword and the other two bowed.
Ryoka stepped forwards as the female figure tore loose of the suddenly-slack hands.
“Ivolethe?”
There she was. Her skin was blue, like the very crystal and ice she had been when she met Ryoka. She was tall! Taller than Ryoka, six foot three, perhaps. She looked like a courtier at a noble court. Or—
Flicker.
A bunch of swooping faeries argued in the air, stupefaction lost.
 
“The King of Chivalry! He walks about? Why here? Why now?”
“Strangers from other worlds! More mortals? What fools they be, even today!”
“What happened to Melidore? Why did he let her through?”
 
They flew at Ryoka angrily. She moved her persp—
Each one was so old. They had the radiance of Melidore about them, each and every one. They were ideas, history, parts of stories all in one. Like condensed stacks of information and personality at the same time as being wondrous figures. Ryoka cried out in a pain, tearing at her eyes—
Someone touched her. And the overwhelming glory of the faerie court faded. Ryoka saw a gentle hand, two icy eyes. A familiar voice.
Not as high and ringing as before. And the figure certainly wasn’t as small. But it was the same cool touch, the same, half-mocking smile.
Ivolethe bent, and eyed Ryoka as the visions ceased.
“Ye great fool. Always, you have to look. Always, you have to ask questions, poke your nose where you don’t belong. Kick your bare feet into everything you see. You defied the will of our king, dared the Wild Hunt to come after ye, and walked into the land where no mortal belongs.”
She bent slightly, so they were eye-to-eye. Her wings shimmered at her back, her clothes moved as the wind blew gently around her. Ryoka Griffin looked into those eyes. At the smile.
“I—I—I did it for a friend. Because I really wanted to see her. Because I had to. That’s what friends do, right?”
A gentle snort. Ryoka felt a cold finger flick her on the forehead. And then, Ivolethe embraced her.
“You are my most foolish friend I have ever made among mortals, Ryoka Griffin. But you did come. Be welcome!”
The other fae muttered darkly. Some laughed, and applauded Ryoka, or stomped off in a fury, threatening to tell him.
