Solstice (Pt. 9)
Page 11
Othius the Fourth gave voice in the morning, with a prepared [Scrier]. The Blighted King’s posture was perfect, his clothing brilliant. He spoke gravely to the audience who woke to his words.
“I am the Blighted King of Rhir, Othius the Fourth. This night, the Demon Kingdom unleashed a spell of unparalleled magnitude across the world. Their great weapon aimed at all those who oppose them—”
The truth spell glowed serenely behind him.
[A King’s Truth].
 
—-
 
Across the world, the Gnoll tribes of Izril were gathered. A [Shaman] raised high his staff and shouted as they gathered.
“Let the Meeting of Tribes begin!”
 
—-
 
And lastly? The Wandering Inn.
The hour was dark. Just past dawn. It seemed so few lights were visible anywhere. Even in the light, there was too much shadow.
Lyonette heard Montressa out. She nodded slowly.
Ryoka Griffin had failed.
The [Innkeeper] lay frozen, protected still. But not living. Not here. It was a terrible day. A bitter time.
Not even Erin Solstice had been able to stop this tragedy. No one had been able to overturn this madness. This…broken reality.
The others were silent. What could be done? Erin was gone. Lyonette took a breath.
“Well then. I guess we have to do it ourselves.”
The others looked at her. Selys. Olesm. Mrsha, Numbtongue, Bird—in grief and fury and despair. And all the others.
“Us, Lyonette? But Erin’s…”
Drassi gestured weakly at the door. The one who had been responsible for all the happy chaos, the madness, wasn’t here to make it happen. Lyonette looked at the Drake and shook her head. Slowly, she picked up Mrsha and hugged her.
“Erin is not this inn. She’s the heart of it. But it was never just her. Now, she needs us. More than ever. I won’t give up. I’m going…to Oteslia. To find a way to bring her back.”
“I suppose, then, you’d need an escort, Miss. A proper one.”
Someone tipped his hat to her. The [Princess] turned and the Gnoll and Drake looked at her. Numbtongue’s head rose.
“Keep her safe. She’ll be back.”
Lyonette looked around the inn. And she saw the others’ heads rise. The [Princess] felt tired. Despair clung to her like cobwebs, but she stood, because someone had to. Everything Erin had done…everything she had been?
The fire was not out. The [Princess] walked slowly towards the door. She adjusted it, dial after dial, clicking it into place—
The red gemstone flashed. Lyonette felt the door slam into her foot. She stumbled back.
A Hobgoblin burst through the doorway with staff in hand. She raised it threateningly—and stared down at Lyonette. She caught sight of Numbtongue, and lowered the staff.
“Huh. Where this?”
On a really, just terrible day, a guest found an inn on the hill. She looked around. And then she stared up and read the sign.
Then the story continued.
 
 
 
 
End of Volume 7.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note: This is the end of Volume 7. As stated. It has been a long, long volume. If you can believe what they tell me…two million words? One year of writing.
I am very tired. And I believe I shall rest for at least two weeks. Probably only two weeks, but I need it. I need to do nothing, not write, just do something…else.
I think we could all use a break from The Wandering Inn. Not forever. For two weeks. That’s all.
But we will be back.
The story is not over. And it is a story. Sometimes, the story ends on a high note. Sometimes…there is something wrong that needs to be fixed. A quest. I hope you have enjoyed this volume, for all its highs and lows. The next ones will hopefully have more of all that.
