Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 6
The aide to Tyrion Veltras looked Ryoka up and down, mildly shocked. She saw Sammial stomping his foot behind her. Ryoka looked at Jericha. The woman gazed at Ryoka, then at her slipping blanket. She offered Ryoka a change of clothes.
“You are awake, Miss Griffin. Just in time. Lord Sammial, Lord Hethon, please exit the room and allow Miss Ryoka Griffin time to change. I shall inform Lord Veltras at once.”
“Ah. Sorry.”
Ryoka took the clothes. Sammial reluctantly left the room. Hethon stared at his mysterious savior. Jericha closed the door.
 
—-
 
A minute later, Ryoka was just buttoning the shirt as the door opened. She was glad that whomever had chosen the clothes—Jericha?—hadn’t chosen the most restrictive clothing.
Probably because she was a Runner.
The woman entered before Ryoka. The City Runner turned from the full-body mirror. She had been checking herself. Seen the scars where the crossbow bolts had gone through her. She had one just to the left of her belly button and down, mirrored on her back.
It didn’t matter. And it did, a tiny bit. She’d worry about it later.
“I’m er—sorry. I wasn’t thinking and—”
After she’d been given more time to think, Ryoka felt like she might have made a poor impression greeting Jericha half-naked like that. But the woman just bowed slightly as she shut the door.
“Lord Hethon and Lord Sammial are eager to speak with you, Miss Ryoka Griffin. Lord Veltras had been on his morning ride, but he will doubtless be impatient to do the same. I have had a breakfast set for you—and I would like to speak before you descend.”
She looked at Ryoka, with that courteous impassiveness of Magnolia’s maids, servants like Reynold. But there was something behind her gaze. A number of things, chief of which was appraisal. And other emotions.
If Ryoka could have read them—it would have been curiosity. And sympathy.
The Wind Runner could not. She only felt uneasy.
“I uh, didn’t mean to expose myself—not that I did—to—”
“Lord Sammial is impetuous. He should not have tried to wake you with his aura. It could have gone wrong, but your timing was impeccable, Miss Griffin. Lord Veltras might have attempted to do the same himself.”
“Oh. Good?”
Jericha nodded. She studied Ryoka again. Then she bowed, crisply.
“Forgive me, I have not introduced myself. I am Lord Tyrion’s personal aide-de-camp and bodyguard. Jericha Synthel of House Veltras, [High Mage] and [Noble Aide]. I, and House Veltras, are in your debt, Miss Ryoka Griffin.”
The Wind Runner stared.
“Oh—I’m Ryoka. Ryoka Griffin. Um, Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Er—[Wind Runner].”
Jericha’s brows rose smoothly.
“You are not, Miss Griffin. Forgive me. We took off your artifacts for magical healing. Nor are you of Reizmelt. Or Izril.”
The young woman hesitated. Oh shit. Jericha went on.
“Rest assured, Lord Veltras is purely grateful. It is my duty and that of House Veltras’ staff to look into such matters. Your friends, as Lords Hethon and Sammial might have informed you, are safe…from the Guild of Assassins and Circle of Thorns.”
Her gaze flickered. Ryoka saw it, but she was too busy being flustered.
“Thank you. Truly.”
“It is the least we can do. The Circle will be eradicated. The Guild of Assassins will pay.”
A dark flash across Jericha’s eyes. Ryoka gulped. Not someone to anger. She’d already noticed enchanted armor and the wand. Ryoka cast around for something to say.
“I’m grateful, truly. I don’t mean to be rude—but I’d like my friends to know I’m fine.”
