Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 27
And second—there would be no offering corn to him. That vision had been enticing. Yet merciless. All the warmth of the summer could be the wrath in an instant.
She wavered. Quailed for a moment. Because Ryoka was most afraid of—more than death, or the wrath of the fae—was failure.
She could fail here. She did not know what Sikeri knew, or the other fae. But Ivolethe had told her once that fate was a bunch of ifs. The fae saw what could be.
But nothing was certain. She opened her mouth—
And the figure beckoned her over. Ryoka hesitated, the words ringing in her mind. She knew the fae heard them. But he lifted a cup to his lips and drank, tossing the wine back.
“Sit. Before you speak, mortal, sit a while. You have words for me, which I will hear. My kin are displeased, but they should have expected naught else from you. I expect nothing at all. So sit. This company promises to entertain me for a moment.”
He gestured. And Ryoka saw the fae draw back. Out of the crowd, as if bidden, the first of the guests here summoned people to sit with him.
They were three, plus Ryoka. Five, including the shining figure. Each one…related to Ryoka in some way.
Lady Ieka Imarris, looking around, alarmed, stepping through the crowd against her will.
Mavika, oldest of the [Witches], approaching as her raven took flight and flew, to hide on a branch, still limping from a recently-healed leg.
And lastly…someone Ryoka only knew from today. But who fit here. A half-Elf, so old he was greying. Zedalien of the House of El.
The figure rose. In good merriment, he clapped his hands, and one of the fae danced attendance on him. Drinks were set. And food—including another ear of corn, placed upon the table.
“Come, sit! Each of you, for but a moment will entertain. A lady of this land who stole all she possesses. A witch who has forgotten her oaths! An intruder who disappoints my kin, yet has their friendship and speaks to the wind! And the son of whores.”
He bowed to them all, mockingly. The four, who had seated themselves without knowing it, all stiffened. Ieka Imarris’ eyes flashed in outrage. Zedalien stirred himself. Mavika’s eyes narrowed.
And Ryoka’s heart lurched. For she realized a third thing as the figure turned his summer’s eyes to her. He spoke, unbidden.
“Yes. I know Ivolethe, the name she gave you, friend of the wind. Intruder. I know why you have come here. I know what you seek. But first—we shall dine, as is fitting. You have not eaten or drunk at this moment. Such things must be done at any party.”
Ryoka had not, she realized. Not a crumb, and nothing since breakfast. She ate, suddenly ravenous, and Mavika plucked fat grapes from a plate. Ieka reached for a slice of cake; Zedalien helped himself to the roasted corn.
The figure watched them all, drinking, eating—he had a mound of cookies in front of him, frosted with all kinds…Ryoka gulped hard as she realized they were Erin’s designs. She looked at him.
“Thank you, sir. I don’t mean to offend.”
“You do so with every breath you draw. As do you, whoreson. The other two, less such. But I am a guest! Ignore my words.”
The figure laughed with bitter humor once more. And Ryoka knew she was not mistaken.
Unlike the other fae—no. Perhaps it was there, but in this one most of all. The others laughed and enjoyed themselves.
He did not. He looked up, and Ryoka saw the contempt in his eyes. For her—and Zedalien most of all. The half-Elf could hardly have ignored such a look.
“Forgive me, sir. But I neither know your name, nor why you insult me.”
He stiffly turned to the fae. The figure smiled.
