Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 9
Sammial was trying to drag his father out of his seat, not wanting to wait.
“Sit down, Sammial. We will wait for Jericha to summon Miss Griffin. A [Lord]—a man does not simply walk into a lady’s room—”
He was turning to admonish his son as Hethon reached for a crusty piece of fluffy bread made with ‘baked soda’.
A scream tore through the inn. Hethon’s hand jerked. Tyrion stood in a moment, hand on his sword. He halted the bodyguards as they surged for the stairs.
It was a female voice. Ryoka’s? Hethon stared at his father. Tyrion looked towards the stairs. He waited.
No second scream. No more sound. He waited—then nodded to one of the female [Bodyguards]. She ascended the stairs, and came down in less than twenty seconds. She gave Lord Tyrion a nod.
The two boys had no idea what the nod meant. Tyrion did. He sat back down. He did not reach for the bread. The [Innkeeper] stared upwards. The [Lord] simply waited.
After ten minutes, Ryoka Griffin went downstairs.
 
—-
 
It was the sixth worst breakfast Hethon and Sammial had ever sat through. They were bouncing with questions. One comment from Jericha made them realize this was not the time.
Lord Tyrion had bowed to Ryoka. In his way, he had asked if she wished food, or to be underway. Ryoka had greeted him, sat down.
She’d eaten breakfast. It had garlic in it and Hethon liked it a lot. It was as puffy as some of the best [Baker]’s bread and there was a fine repast.
Ryoka Griffin said nothing. Or rather—she responded mechanically. Lord Tyrion only buttered his roll. Ate with efficiency as Sammial babbled questions that Jericha kept shushing.
“This is so tasty. Why is it so puffy? What’s baked soda got to do with it? What’s soda? What’s a sl—”
Hethon kicked his brother under the table. Sammial kicked back and forgot his question. Jericha went into the kitchen; she did not sit to dine, obviously. Ryoka was a rare exception. Although, Tyrion had made sure his bodyguards were eating in shifts. The female [Bodyguard] was surreptitiously chewing on her own fresh, hot garlic bread.
“It’s ‘baking soda’, Lord Sammial. Some alchemical invention you use in food. Very safe. We had it tested of course.”
“Naturally, Jericha. Inquire about the manufacture.”
“Of course, Lord Veltras. Already done. I believe it is already being sold by [Alchemists] in major cities.”
“Alchemists made this? But healing potions taste bad.”
Sammial was impressed. Hethon stared at Ryoka. He couldn’t help but remember the scars from the crossbow bolts. She was also very pretty. Of course—so was Jericha. And many of the [Ladies]—and his mother. But different.
Her face was so blank, though. He wanted to ask who had died. Jericha had only said that it was Miss Griffin’s friend and obviously, don’t bring it up.
“Yes. Quite. If it produces this quality of bread, I imagine every [Baker] will see a demand for it.”
Tyrion’s voice was as stiff as his back. He was slightly uncomfortable in his sons’ presence. They did not often breakfast together; the sons rarely waking up as soon as their father. But Lord Tyrion had not missed a meal, not been out of his sons’ presence for more than an hour since their recovery.
Hethon was all better—he wished they’d stop treating him like he was glass. But Sammial’s cough had come back. And it wouldn’t go away. Sometimes he couldn’t breathe—so the [Healer] was here and—
“…made it.”
The young [Lord]—all three of them looked around. Ryoka Griffin stared at the roll.
“Excuse me, Miss Ryoka?”
