Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 8
Puck turned to the Fairy, Act II, Scene 1, and the Fairy turned to him. Instead of one of the [Actors], Wesle saw a laughing face. Actual wings. She danced around him, giggling and replying.
 
“Over hill, over dale,
Thorough bush, thorough brier,
Over park, over pale,
Thorough flood, thorough fire,
I do wander everywhere!”
 
Wesle’s jaw dropped. In the audience, both fae and [Actor] alike fell over themselves laughing. Wesle barely managed to reply as the faerie spoke her lines, perfectly. He stumbled forwards until the arrival of the Faerie King himself and found instead of Kilkran, it was a fae, the audience cheering and hooting at the representation of their king.
They were taking part! But with a twist. The Faerie King spoke his lines; the laughing fae had put antlers on his head, the props, and the costume.
 
“Tarry, rash wanton: am not I thy lord?”
 
Then his eyes gleamed, and the fae threw down the antlers and smashed them with one foot.
 
“But I am not thy lord! Nor is this the King of Faeries! Enough! Begone with yon poor play! Give us other tales! But not this poor mimicry!”
 
The other fae in the audience cheered and the ‘Queen’ and ‘Fairy’ tore off their costumes. Some of the fae cried out.
 
“And give us parts! We want to be story and tale!”
“Yes, another story! Not this tripe!”
 
They were good-natured. But their will implacable. Emme scrambled, and soon had a cast with one fourth fae, who strutted onto stage reciting their lines poorly and arguing with the crowd, and [Actors]. Two plays, in fact, so the fae could become actors of their own as they wished.
 
—-
 
Ryoka breathed out hard when she saw that. That could have been horrible. She’d thought the fae approved of stories about them!
But not the Faerie King. His name—she nearly spoke it aloud. Was it that name? Surely there was some truth to it. Perhaps if she uttered it—
“O—”
Every immortal head in forty paces turned suddenly. And the merriment ceased. Ryoka bit the word off on the tongue. She saw them staring. Then they relaxed and went back to their pastimes.
Don’t say it, then.
On stage, the Battle for Invrisil, a cheap, Andel-written production that he’d dashed off in half a day, was taking place. Fae were enjoying hurling ‘daggers’ and attacking each other on stage. The audience was laughing at the slapstick as a more somber Othello played out on the grass on the second ‘stage’.
Fireworks overhead. Mage spells, rather. And the thing about mage spells was not only did they have the explosions, lights, and sound, but also smells. Ryoka smelled brimstone as a roaring Wyvern took flight, battling what might have been a Phoenix.
Ice and fire. She felt the cold and heat collide as people applauded below. Where were they?
There were too many people! Too many attractions! Ryoka kept catching sight of one of the three, but kept losing them.
Not just because of the crowds. It was how they moved. The fae had a grace no one, not even Thomast, or those with movement Skills, could match.
They flickered from spot to spot, whirling through the crowd, dancing as if they teleported. But it wasn’t teleportation. Ryoka saw one go through a crowd of bodies clustered around a tray of jam tarts. It was so much of a press that even Sammial and Hethon couldn’t squeeze through the gaps, and oh, the boys were trying.
