Solstice (Pt. 7)
Page 5
“There are many. We are reflected across many stories. Or so the fae claim. And Merlin. But they’re tricky and he is a liar. I hate Merlin.”
The oldest Arthur sighed. The young King nodded, a touch uncertainly. Ryoka wanted to take notes. She had no notion that Arthur had ridden with the Wild Hunt. Or was it alluded to in some story? And Erin was here? Well, there were stories of mortals walking the worlds in dreams. Even so—and Erin had just grabbed the sword. Typical.
“I bet I couldn’t even pull that damn thing if I tried, but my friend got it out.”
The other Arthurs chuckled. The young King leaned over conspiratorially.
“You see, it’s actually not hard. Anyone can do it. It’s a twist of the wrist as you pull.”
“What? No way. Really?”
“Yes, I’m joking.”
King Arthur laughed at her dumbfounded expression. The old man and young King fell over themselves laughing and back-slapping while the boy gave Ryoka a long-suffering look of sympathy. Clearly, Arthur changed from time to time.
…Presently, they calmed down. It seemed this was their fate. When they drew the blade, they would rise once more to their fates. It was just this reflection of them that remained, to know all and choose forever.
It sucked. But that was the kind of thing old stories loved. Ask Sisyphus. Actually—if Ryoka met him, she’d break that stupid boulder. She doubted it, since it was the wrong mythology, but she’d always felt bad for him. And Prometheus.
“I think I have to go. Nama—my protector—is helping me go in. And she might get hurt. They found us, you see.”
“Mm. I don’t know the whole of it, but it seems a young woman such as yourself does not deserve the Faerie King’s wrath. He can be…capricious. Although I have heard he has lost his wife.”
“Er…she might have run off with a mortal again. She did it once, I think. There may be a story about that?”
The old Arthur coughed. The boy turned red as the young King rolled his eyes.
“And Guinevere is going to do the same? Wonderful. Maybe I won’t draw the blade.”
“It’s your fault. I mean, mine. And Mordred. If only we could undo it. Try to remember.”
The oldest Arthur seized the younger one, caught for a moment by fresh emotion. The younger one nodded, trying desperately to fix the knowledge in his memory that history might change.
What tragedy. Ryoka looked away for a moment and then had a thought.
“Listen. Guys. I don’t know if this is right to say…but maybe I can clear up your dilemma?”
The three Arthurs turned, eagerly.
“How so, Lady Griffin?”
Ryoka flushed at the attention.
“Well…there’s this thing called the time traveller’s paradox. Basically, if one of you is from the future, then he’s already done everything that leads up to him going back in time. So…there’s no point deliberating because you’ve already chosen. It’s…basic…logic…”
She trailed off lamely. The three were staring at her. And all three were glaring.
“If she’s my descendants of descendants or what humanity looks like after my reign, maybe I won’t pull the sword out. What’s the point?”
The boy kicked a clod of grass. Ryoka lifted her hands.
“Look, guys. It’s just logic—”
“Have you learned nothing? Logic matters little with such things here. I am choosing. And right now, I’d rather a drink.”
The young King leaned on the stone grumpily. Even the old one looked annoyed. Arthur gestured at the stone.
“I could choose not to. Even now. Even from whatever time you come from, Ryoka Griffin.”
She smiled, half-uncertainly.
“Yeah, but if you did—”
“I could choose not to.”
