Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 33
“It has been long since a mortal bested me. I cannot gainsay it. Not for the three reasons. I do not promise any of the three. But I will grant you the chance. The second is within my power to grant. The first and third? Beyond me. But let it be done!”
He turned, spun.
 
“There.”
 
One of the lesser fae stirred as the glorious member of the Summer Court pointed, seemingly at random, to them. She raised her hands, delighted, and Melidore nodded.
 
“Give the mortal girl what she desires.”
 
The fae, winged, green-skinned, eyes shining with insectile mirth, bared her sharp teeth at Ryoka. But it was complimentary as much as threatening.
She made a shape in front of her chest, holding thumb and forefinger out, two hands pressed together, one upside down to form a simple rectangle. That was all. It looked like a—a—
A doorway appeared in the sky.
Ryoka Griffin and the guests stared up. Even in Riverfarm—the outside party went silent.
The fading evening light was cut by a brilliant light. Foreign light. From another world. It split the air, high overhead.
Another world lay beyond. Ryoka saw—a glimpse of sunlight—her chest contracted hard.
“Dead gods.”
Jericha breathed. She saw no staircase. No frame. But still—the door opened, right over the faerie’s head. It cut through cloud. Through air. And it hung, a sliver thinner than any blade’s edge. A cut in reality.
Waiting to be entered.
“There is your door. Now, enter it.”
Melidore’s words jerked everyone back to reality. Ryoka looked around. Then she focused on the door again. The faerie still held her hands thusly. Ryoka looked at her. Then she looked at the door.
High in the sky, a mile overhead, directly above the fae and the party. Ryoka’s mouth went dry.
“W-wait. That’s all the way…”
The fae chuckled.
“You have forced my boon. But it is to me how I choose to grant it.”
She looked at him and the malicious smile would have fit a Winter Sprite to a tee. Ryoka clenched her teeth.
“I’ll do it.”
She didn’t have her wind glider. But—she turned. She would do it! This was her moment! She looked around—
And Melidore laughed again. Ryoka’s skin prickled. Chilled. What was so funny? She’d done it! She just had to—
Her skin went cold. Frozen. Frostbite set in on her arm. She felt the pain of the freezing air. The temperature—
From the blade of the Faerie King’s warrior. A thing of frost, armored in frozen metal, had drawn its sword. And it was advancing on her. Ryoka felt it at her neck, for all they were apart.
She froze. And Melidore’s voice was high and mocking. Petty, too.
“You attempt to defy the will of the Faerie King in front of his court? And his warriors.”
Oh no. Oh no, no, nonono—Ryoka looked back at Melidore. He gave her a mocking bow. Insult for insult.
“He would be wroth with me, if you succeeded. If thou wish’st to dare enter the land of fables, thou surely must create legend themselves. Show me the will that would defy your disgusting world. Or die.”
The seven warriors advanced on Ryoka from all sides. The rule of hospitality? Broken, for the one who would defy their ruler. The fae watched. And their smiles turned from encouragement to sadistic delight.
This was a day of great meetings, of deeds, and wonder.
And death.
This day.
 
—-
 
Luan Khumalo sat in the single scull.
The water was like glass. The waves, the ocean—flat.
It was all there. The trees, the distant shore and Baleros’ jungles. But…
Silent. Still. The [Bounty Hunters]? Nothing moved in their vessel.
The flash of a [Fireball] hung in the air. And yet time was passing. Time was passing. And still.
