Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 7
The commander sighed. She had four eyes, each one unmoving and spaced around her head. Like…those security cameras, Ryoka decided. She also lacked a mouth; Ryoka wasn’t sure where the sound was coming from. Probably a translation.
“Ryoka Griffin. You resemble some of the peoples we’ve met on our travels in our…dimension. Can you explain where we are?”
“The lands of the fae. I told you.”
The others shook their heads. One was consulting a little hologram-display.
“We don’t know what that is.”
“Then how did you get here?”
The commander sighed.
“This is classified. But we’ve lost an entire Victory Company to this disastrous affair. Take a look at this. Soldier?”
She gestured and one brought out a primitive TV screen. Ryoka was sure it was more impressive, but she saw a cartoonish representation of planets, a bunch of aliens holding hands…
“This is our federation. We’re currently under threat with a second empire—and looking for options to turn the battle in our favor. We discovered this…gateway and activated it after sixteen years of research. The phenomena defied scientific understanding, so I was tasked with leading a Victory Company into this place to conduct research.”
“Er. You came on the Summer Solstice?”
“What’s that? Is she referring to a horological event? According to which star?”
The others muttered. The commander looked at Ryoka and shook her head.
“This phenomena occurs every sixty two years.”
She stressed it, as if years were longer for her than Ryoka. The City Runner shook her head.
“I guess time’s different for your place than mine. Look—you need to get out. The gates will close when the Summer Solstice day ends.”
The others looked up, suddenly nervous. The commander gave Ryoka a wretched look.
“We’ve been trying for the last eighty days, Miss Ryoka. What do you mean, it will close in a day? We’ve been wandering this place—our entire Victory Company was lost the moment we entered that damn city! We brought in enough firepower to level five planets and they ate our vehicles like it was paper!”
Ryoka felt bad for this person. If she had done poorly—they had no idea what to expect. The poor people had brought technology to a magic fight.
“How did you survive this far?”
“Our weapons worked on some opponents. Others? It was as effective as you. We were split up. Two entire strike groups made it out of the city while the rest retreated to our entry point. We made it here…but kept taking casualties. A giant…thing…devoured an entire strike team.”
That bastard with the three eyes. Ryoka gulped.
“How many people are in…a strike group?”
“Counting robotics?”
“No.”
“Four hundred.”
Ryoka blanched. The commander nodded.
“That’s about what we’ve been dealing with. We have no direction; our sensors are broken and we’ve been able to communicate with exactly three things before you.”
That made sense if they kept their helmets on. Ryoka patted the commander on the shoulder, gingerly. The alien woman blinked at the gesture.
“Look. You need to go back the way you’ve come. Keep your helmets off, be polite—um—”
They were never going to make it. Even if she could give them the crash course on fae rules, they were going to die. But Ryoka had a sudden idea.
“…If we can get to the forest, I know someone who can take you back.”
The commander looked at Ryoka warily.
“I’m not in the fashion of trusting strangers, Miss. But we’ll take any help we can get. However, my mission is to find something that will justify this loss—”
“Contact! My sensors just overloaded! Four hundred kilometers out—”
