Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 24
“These guests—do not deign to attend a gathering from three of the Five Families?”
“I think they might. But they’re fickle.”
“And they’ll just pop out of nowhere? I warn you—my escort has secured all of Riverfarm. His Majesty has assured me of my safety, but my protectors have their own methods. I would not wish for accidents.”
Ulva warned Ryoka. She was disconcerted when the young woman looked at her and shook her head.
“They won’t be arriving any way your escort would detect, Lady Terland. Forgive me. I can’t quite explain.”
“Can not? Or will not?”
Deilan was the most curious of the others. Ryoka hesitated, which was answer enough.
“Lady Ulva. Lord Deilan and Lord Tyrion. I believe that task falls to me. They are, after all, nominally of my court. Although my titles are more gift than formality. As you will understand it—I granted them the titles of [Marquis], [Baron], [Knight]—for services rendered. But they answer to a different ruler.”
Marquis? The [Emperor] had granted them titles as a favor? The three stirred. But as they began to speak with the [Emperor], a plucked note sounded across the ground.
It came from Riverfarm. The escorts of the nobility, servants, guards, Riverfarm’s people, visitors from local cities and towns who had come, hearing of this moment, [Merchants], not-quite-nobility who had ‘invited’ themselves here when they heard of what it would be—
All looked up. The sound hung in the air. Ryoka’s head rose. She had never heard a note so pure. Yet—for all its beauty, it sounded like tears.
Like sorrow. Like—
It was a blue chord. A humming string bound of the same thing Deilan had seen so many times on his aunt’s fingers. A glowing flame.
His eyes filled with tears at the memory. Ulva made a sound.
“Oh. Him?”
She looked at Laken Godart. Tyrion Veltras’ face was stone. But even he shifted.
There he stood.
Barelle the [Bard]. Ryoka Griffin shot a quick glance at Laken. He’d gotten him! But the second chord sounded as the [Bard] plucked a second magical note on his harp.
“Ladies and gentlemen. Guests of the Unseen Empire. And visitors from however far they come. I am Barelle the Bard. And it is my duty, my honor, to open this day of festivities. This longest day. This—Summer Solstice.”
The second chord sounded like laughter. Like happy days. Sammy started laughing upon hearing it, and he wasn’t the only one. But the third chord played even as the guests turned.
And it was a solemn note. Neither happy nor sad, but conveying some other emotion. As if Ryoka stood in a grand cathedral for the first time. Or stared up at a distant mountain’s peak.
It was the note of grandeur. Of wonder. Of great deeds and momentous occasions. It was orange—if such a poor color could be applied to the string.
“This day belongs to you, dear guests. And whilst I invite you to all dine and make merry, there shall be great tales, performed by the Players of Celum. Wondrous sights, by the Skylights! Performances by masters and mistresses of their craft all. And I shall sing. Sing of battle against the Circle of Thorns. Tell the story of a brave Runner—”
There he looked at Ryoka. She would have flushed if she were not so numb, at all the stares. Barelle lowered his hand and touched the first chord again.
“—and of the [Innkeeper] of Liscor.”
The crowd stirred. And those who knew the name or had heard it felt that pang in their chests. Barelle touched the orange chord again and the moment passed.
“But this is not the time. At this moment, by your leave, Lords and Ladies, Emperor—let this celebration begin!”
 
—-
 
