Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 44
“She’s cheating. What is it with mortals and cheating stories in this world?”
“That makes it funnier. Shh! I want to see him suffer!”
 
Melidore was getting up, wrath in his eyes. But Durene was banging on her door-shield.
“You said it yourself! You can’t kill me, or do anything that interferes! Go on! Strike me, little man.”
Behind her, the Wind Runner ran. And she was laughing and running and leaping. The wind was dead! But please?
“Please?”
The party was in chaos. Seven duels! A challenge of strength! Durene cried out again and was healed. The fae were all about Ryoka. Some were watching, others trying to drag at Ryoka, keep her from entering. Others fought those that did, cheering Ryoka on.
 
“Go! Fulfill prophecy, ye cheating cunt!”
“Do not! You disobey the rules! You will die! We will hunt you!”
“Go! Go! Fly! Show us you can!”
 
Ryoka vaulted a table as someone bit her arm and took a chunk out. The buzzing was in her ears. She leapt—
And fell. The wind. The wind.
“Please? Come on. Just one time, can’t things be easy?”
She hit the ground. The fae laughed. The window above was closing. The fae holding it open was growing bored, her hands shifting as she watched Melidore raging, caught by the very story he had invoked.
“Miss Ryoka Griffin! Do you need help?”
A voice roared in her ears. Ryoka looked up—
And saw a [Lord] sitting on a carpet. Lady Ieka Imarris and the first son of House Zolde hovered overhead.
On a flying carpet.
“It seems you have a date with destiny, Ryoka. Come and—”
The fae shrieked and leapt at the carpet. Those with wings assailed the [Lord]. Ieka yelped and raised a glowing barrier. Ryoka looked up.
She was not alone. She had done all this with help! She ran, shoving fae aside. She jumped as if tricking and the Satyr laughed—
She caught the outstretched hand. The [Lord] grinned as he hauled her upwards. Ryoka, Ieka, the carpet—
Flew upwards towards the door in the sky. The hot, summer’s air, the sweat, the cold fear running down Ryoka’s back fell away. She felt Ieka hauling her onto the carpet.
Below, the fae pursued, but even they were too slow to match the dizzying rate of ascent. The party dropped away below them.
“House Zolde owes you a debt! My brother and I will take you to this wondrous place!”
The [Lord] pointed. Past Ryoka, she saw a second carpet blocking the fae. She looked at the [Lord]. Memory stirred. But it wasn’t him. It was the other—
“You helped me twice. Thank you.”
“It is our honor. To the skies!”
He roared. Ryoka looked at Ieka and the [Mage Lady] laughed. Up! Higher and higher, towards that glowing door. Beyond it, Ryoka could see distant skies. Were those…flowers on the other side? Beautiful blooms? She reached out, and Ieka and the [Lord] did likewise.
They were so close. Ryoka poised to leap and Ieka did likewise. Ryoka saw the night sky, stars beginning to shine amid the fading blood red light.
And then…a color more vivid than midnight. Onyx and byzantium. A scale, larger than Ryoka was tall.
A vast, rearing body. A serpentine head. As large as—
Sikeri the Wyrm reared up. High—higher. Ryoka, Ieka, the [Lord] and the carpet were tiny before her. She hissed. And her smile was terrible.
“No.”
“You should not have spurned me.”
The great maw opened. The carpet swerved—Ryoka felt a lurch. Saw the head striking down—
Sikeri tore the carpet in two. The three fell to earth.
Ryoka Griffin fell. She heard Ieka screaming a desperate spell—
And the wind caught them. A foot from earth, she stopped in the air and then dropped the last foot. She heard the fae, shouting insults at Sikeri, laughing.
