Solstice (Pt. 5)
Page 0

The fae’s voices faltered. The chanting slowed.
“Begone. Be—”
Even some of the mortals had joined in. But they stopped as the rotting figures revealed themselves. Yet even then—
The first of them crossed the boundary into the party.
It had been the bearded man. The leader of all. He reached for Laken.
“I will not be kept away by word.”
He reached through the invisible barrier, as if…following…an opening. And the others slipped through after him.
Suddenly, the shadows were among the party. The fae cried out, and their voices were filled with horror.
 
“They enter! How?”
“Begone! Be—flee the touch!”
 
Flickering shapes. Tyrion tore away from Laken and drew his sword. He ran for Jericha, who blasted magic at—
At what? Not even shadows. Just flickering thoughts. Voices. Ideas, that squirmed towards all those living here.
And the four of them, kindred, but still distinct, advanced on the fae, the guests.
Laken. Their arms were outstretched. Mouths open, begging, reaching for food, touch. Naught but rotting corpses now, revealed in the light.
Remember me—
The sword cleaved through one of the four. The warrior of summer hacked down, and the dancing man stumbled. But just like Melidore’s challenge—one second, the figure was falling, bisected—the next, reaching for the summer fae, who moved smoothly back out of range.
The six warriors were in motion! They drew their weapons and hacked at the four, the shapes. The other fae had drawn weapons as well.
The Satyr had the branch. Sikeri spat something into the shadows and Silver Pine struck down a flickering shape. Tyrion heard a shriek. Then a voice.
 
“Warriors. To arms! Nothing has dared to enter this place. On this day. So nothing dies.”
 
Melidore. He drew the shining blade and even the four stepped back. Suddenly, the fae had drawn weapons. The Summer Court advanced upon the shadows as the mortals formed an inner ring. The fae snarled, lashing out at the shadows.
The warriors of the faerie king and Melidore advanced upon the four. And now—now—Tyrion, warding his sons, saw true battle.
The glorious huntress was first. She drew a blade that hurt his mind to comprehend. The dancer, likewise. Figures, half-seen, moved around the aged woman, protecting her and assailing the fae.
Melidore struck at the leader, and was blocked. The fae warriors, who had been peerless in skill, struck and parried blows.
And they were equally matched against their foes. The four visitors fought with the same grace. The same immeasurable skill.
…But one side was rotten. One side was—
Again, a blade severed the huntress’ arm. She cried out—and in the next second, the moonlight fae was stepping back. He had cut her. But neither blood nor body remained so. The huntress attacked, and Tyrion could not tell who was winning. The fae, who had not been touched, or the…thing…which showed no wounds.
The fae did not let them touch even a hair of their forms. Melidore snarled as he struck the bearded leader a blow and was rewarded with a cry of pain.
Actual pain. The shadows rippled.
And yet—Tyrion saw fear in the eyes of summer.
Fear and hatred. The shadows danced closer.
 
—-
 
She walked, weeping, among the broken city.
Once, she knew, this had been a place where legends dwelt. First had come those who settled here, in splendor, from every world and place and time.
Invited by the Faerie King. They had erected edifices fit for them. At some point, it had been a competition.
See from whence I hail. See what glories my world contains. See what will endure past even my comings and goings.
