Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 20
Lord Yitton Byres and his wife, Shallel. They had just missed the Horns of Hammerad, who had ridden out to give battle to the Guild of Assassins. But one child had returned.
Ylawes Byres and his team had come. The [Knight]’s head rose. He offered Ryoka a salute. So did the Emergency City Runner with the crossbow.
Delanay d’Artien, and his colorful family, all dressed with sheer style.
The Flowers of Izril had gathered here, in greater profusion than anyone could remember in a decade. Enemies and allies alike. Ryoka Griffin looked around.
House Valerund! House Walchaís! House El.
And an [Emperor]. Ulva Terland’s voice was soft.
“Is this enough, Runner?”
Ryoka looked up at her. Then she bowed her head. When she rose—it was with all the intent in the world.
The Dragon was gone. Magnolia Reinhart was missing. Erin and Maviola were dead.
But the party awaited. And the fae. Ryoka Griffin thought of her friend.
Her friends.
“Yes, Milady Terland. I believe it is. I thank you. Let this day be a day we shall never forget.”
One way or another—
It would be.
 
—-
 
Some had come. Not the beating heart of The Wandering Inn. Not Numbtongue, or Mrsha or Lyonette—
But some had come. People who had been on the way.
Like the Players of Celum. Jasi embraced Ryoka, having had the presence to not charge at her the moment she saw her. Wesle was in tears.
“I don’t know how we’ll perform. It’ll be a ruined show—and in front of the entire—entire—”
Emme trailed off. Ryoka felt Jasi sob into her shoulder. Kilkran and some of the others couldn’t even leave their rooms.
“Did it really happen, Ryoka? We weren’t there! It doesn’t seem possible!”
“I—she’s not dead.”
“She seems pretty dead to me!”
Andel clenched his fists.
“How would you even—and that Drake city isn’t burning down right now?”
That was how Maviola El had died. That kind of rage. Ryoka just let go of Jasi.
“Erin got you to perform?”
“She told us to. If we’d known how big this event would be—we’d have accepted rather than declined to begin with!”
“I don’t think anyone knew it would be…”
Ryoka stared past the Players. If it had been a lighter time, oh, what a moment this would be.
“Wuvren. You look well.”
“Ulva! I haven’t seen you at a gathering like this in ages! But you look dreadful. You must try to get out more, my dear.”
Wuvren looked like she was a daughter or granddaughter addressing her elder. Instead—you had to remember that Wuvren was a bit older than Ulva. Behind her, Pryde was…flexing…as she spoke with Gralton.
“I’ll lend you a set. You see? We have a contest with the Walled Cities.”
“Huh. And you just push at them?”
“Technique, Gralton. Technique.”
“Lord Byres. I haven’t spoken to you since the siege. And this is your son. Ylawes Byres? I have heard much of your achievements.”
The [Knight] bowed. His grief-stricken face did not stop him from keeping to his manners.
“Lord Veltras. It is an honor. But I believe we have been in proximity recently. My sister and I were close enough to you, but we did not meet.”
Tyrion’s eyebrows rose slightly.
“Indeed. Where was this?”
“Ylawes—”
Yitton received an elbow in the chest from his wife. Ylawes glanced up.
“The Walls of Liscor, I believe. I was in a fine position to see the trebuchets firing upon us. I blocked one of the shots myself.”
“Ah. You were…there?”
“With a number of innocent civilians. Sir. I look forwards to tendering my greetings to Emperor Godart. Forgive me—I have just lost a friend I held in great esteem. So my words are slightly blunt.”
That was the level of conversation Ryoka wasn’t listening to. She was speaking to the others.
