Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 32
Alevica started. She hadn’t spotted the figure just standing there. She nearly grabbed her wand. Halrac stared at her.
He had a week-old beard. He didn’t look like he’d eaten. Or washed. Or…Ryoka stared at him.
“Halrac?”
“Tell me how Erin died.”
That was all the [Scout] said. Delanay looked at Halrac warily, then tipped his hat.
“This way.”
The Gold-rank adventurer grabbed Ryoka’s shoulder before she could follow the other Runners. His grip was painful. Ryoka looked at him. He looked as lost as she felt—but there was something in his eyes.
Typhenous had found him before going off to hobnob. The [Scout] had the same glint as when he was drawing an arrow back to loose.
“Typhenous told me Erin might be saved. What do you need to do?”
“Wait. Laken—his Majesty’s visitors need to arrive.”
His grip tightened—then released. Halrac stepped back, nodded once.
“If I can help, tell me.”
“Okay.”
They followed Delanay in silence. And as the party progressed, midday slowly progressed towards noon. But slowly.
It was the longest day, after all.
 
—-
 
Blackmage, or Aaron Vanwell, sat in his rooms. Tinkering with his iPhone. He was depressed.
The [Innkeeper] was dead.
He did not know her. But Montressa’s desperate plea had hit Wistram and sent eddies of the event through the Academy.
And of course—consequences. Aaron was part of the Revivalist faction. ‘Theirs’, in a sense, but he was also placed to listen to Archmage Nailihuaile’s unguarded insights.
And she. Was. Pissed.
Not only was it clear that Montressa and Bezale—both of whom owed loyalty to the Scriptels and Revivalists, who were allied—had been hiding news of the [Innkeeper]’s existence, they’d failed to protect her.
Now one of the most valuable Earthers was dead. Aaron himself had been reviewing all the rumors and stories of The Wandering Inn. He’d seen the war in Invrisil.
And ‘batman’. Who was, in fact, Ryoka Griffin. The Wind Runner of Reizmelt. Exceptionally cool. In fact, someone who’d lived up to his expectations of her.
She’d flown. With a glider! And she had command of wind magic! Wistram knew her name too. They wanted her as much as they had wanted Erin.
Unfortunately, she’d been in a coma and then under the direct protection of House Veltras, whom even Wistram Academy didn’t want to anger.
Still…she was a Runner. Aaron opened the iPhone, wondering if he could try connecting the magitech amplifier that Naili was working on soon. In theory, it would allow him unparalleled range on the iPhone. But you still had to figure out how to call other devices using the software, not a linking spell.
The way Wistram did it was—crude. Aaron had thought it was amazing when it first happened, but it really was just like sending a mass-ping to every device. Nothing subtle at all. They could connect to all iPhones, but making it individual was…tricky.
To connect to ‘batman’, they’d just traced the link back to her iPhone. They had to manually connect each time. It wasn’t nearly as efficient as an actual iPhone. If only you could build a network.
And if only you didn’t need at least eighteen mages to form the spell! Aaron couldn’t, say, call Ryoka right now and warn her. He wanted to.
He had mixed feelings about her inevitable spiriting to Wistram. On one hand—he could really use someone with her perspective here, like Cara. On the other hand—she would stay here.
More Earthers had arrived, like that Troy kid, who was an actual [Mage]—and a good one! But they wouldn’t leave. Also—Aaron was worried.
