Solstice (Pt. 7)
Page 6
And then there was silence. Ryoka Griffin and time froze uncertainly as King Arthur stood over the stone. He looked at her. Her tongue was stuck in her teeth.
“I’m…I’m going to go. Sorry. Very sorry. I annoy everyone. Please pull out the sword. I’ll just…”
She walked backwards to the very edge of the clearing. Until time began to follow her, also running from that eternal moment. Also, kicking her in the back of the head for nearly unmaking reality as they knew it.
The two Kings and the squire looked after her. Slowly, they looked at each other. Murmuring. Ryoka turned.
“I’m sorry. I just want to find my friend. And I don’t want Nama or anyone else to die. Thank you—I’ll remember meeting you forever.”
She turned away. Knowing she would and wishing she could speak longer. Longer…she heard a voice calling out after her.
“Miss Ryoka!”
Arthur the squire stood by the sword in the stone. He shook his head.
“I’m but a boy. And he is a dying old man.”
He gestured at the old man, who glowered at the youngest Arthur. The boy returned the gaze, steadfast. The last King Arthur spoke.
“But I am the Arthur of your stories. You say they tell stories of me?”
“They do, King of Camelot!”
She shouted, tears springing to her eyes as he smiled by his terrible burden. The King nodded, pleased.
“—Then. Chivalry is not dead. Nor will it ever be. Nor is it now.”
She didn’t know what he meant. But then she saw the young man reach down. His crown shone golden. His armor gleamed.
He drew Caliburn from the stone. And raised it high overhead.
The world went still. Ryoka stared as the young man strode towards her. No—
King Arthur Pendragon. He held the blade aloft as the other two remained. Walking out of the clearing, into the forest consumed by a winter’s storm. Fearless. He saluted Ryoka as he walked.
“I have never left a maiden in distress. Nor do I fear the Winter Court. Come, milady. Let us find your friend and rescue your great protector.”
He offered her an arm to rest upon, in the fashions of old. Ryoka Griffin stared at him. She stared at the arm. She edged away from the arm, but then she bowed.
“Are you sure?”
The King of Chivalry smiled. He stepped beyond the glade and was engulfed in winter. Ryoka’s skin froze—the world became a howling snowstorm without direction. 
The winter fae were everywhere. Great shapes; wolves of the end time bounding about the lone figure in the blizzard. Somehow, she was keeping them all back. Ryoka threw up an arm as her body turned to ice in front of the wind—
But the light of Caliburn protected her. The winter fae spotted her and the warrior in icy armor charged at her, lifting the blade no one had matched.
He did not see the young King until it was too late. Did not expect any foe but Ryoka. The blade swung up—and the winter warrior’s blade was blown backwards. The ringing sound halted the other figures in the blizzard. They turned as one, and saw the light.
Caliburn swung down, and the blow sent even the faerie king’s champion stumbling back. The King of Chivalry shouted, and knocked aside an arrow made of hoarfrost as it sped at Ryoka’s chest. He blurred as he whirled the sword around and the Wild Hunt charged him—and fell back.
Ryoka saw it now. It was a sword and an idea. It was a kingdom, the kingdom made then, and in the future, when the Once and Future King returned to reclaim his lost kingdom, when his subjects needed him most.
