Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 26
“Last time it was a sword that slew an immortal life! And such treasures as would make a thousand empires…”
“…Good corn, though.”
“So disappointing. Aught more did we expect from yon idiot, though?”
“I don’t see what Ivolethe sees in her! Prophecy or nay—”
 
One hit the other. It devolved into a fistfight. Ryoka stared as the fae broke up, reassembled. They stood in a circle around her. Grave. Also—disappointed.
 
“Your third gift mortal—we accept. Since we have expected naught from this world. Ye have splendidly met our expectations. Go, ask your boon.”
“You suck.”
 
One of them threw dirt at Ryoka. The fae milled about and broke up. One just kicked the ground all the way back to the buffet table.
And it was done. Ryoka’s voice returned. She stood there for a second. She’d done it!
Underwhelm them to victory. That was the Ryoka Griffin way.
Corn. Corn. The nobles were just as disappointed. The other fae were so let down they didn’t even bother watching as Ryoka approached the splendid leader of the fae in this realm. Pryde sniffed as she picked up an ear from the table. Gralton sniffed; and his expression was considerably more interested.
Just corn. Just…a simple product. Not real gold. Not gemstones. Not grand deeds. But hard work had gone into it. You could practically taste it.
It was not the best corn in the world. But someone had worked every day of his life to make this corn the best he had.
“It really is nice. Maybe I’ll buy some.”
“From House Walchaís! We have the contract!”
Bethal snapped at Lord Pellmia. The [Lord] rolled his eyes, but covertly, turning his head. Tyrion bemusedly watched his two sons bite into the corn and their faces slightly fall, as if they’d expected it to taste different. They still ate it, though. It was delicious.
“It truly is good corn.”
He murmured. Someone else agreed. A man, one of the Terland’s security detail, two of the House of El, servants and nobles alike, were eating it.
“I’ve only had corn this good once before.”
The man murmured. Lord Deilan’s eyebrows rose.
“I never have. And I have had corn from Noelictus’ fields and dishes made of the stuff prepared by excellent [Chefs].”
Corn. Somewhere, a [Farmer] napping woke up and wondered why in the name of Rhir’s hells he was leveling up.
 
—-
 
So it was done. The Summer Court watched as Ryoka walked across the ground towards the figure. He was laughing, lounging upon a chair, having eaten from the corn himself; one of the lesser fae had tossed it at him with complaints.
Waiting for her. The fae turned. Ryoka caught a flash of something.
She wandered across the dry, dirt road, her bare feet feeling the cracks in the ground where the sun had baked it. Yet it was not scorching. The sun beat down on her skin, threatening to kill her in time, without water or shade.
Yet in that moment, she felt the heat as a welcome thing. She looked past fields of growing crops. Wheat, and yes, corn, swaying in the breeze. She could have been in her world, and the sky was so blue it hurt. A vivid expanse as the wind blew—
Ryoka blinked. The image of summer vanished. She swayed, as she had before Sikeri.
Here sat summer. A fragment of it perhaps. But Ryoka knew two things in that moment as the eyes passed over her.
He was not the Faerie King. She had wondered, but he was simply an aspect. So much of one that even Silver Pine and Sikeri were lesser than him. Even Teriarch himself. But he was not the ruler of the fae.
