Solstice (Pt. 3)
Page 0

(The Wandering Inn will be back on the 9th of January! The 12th for Public Readers)
 
On the Summer Solstice, Ryoka Griffin ran into another world.
The darkness of the evening and the lengthening shadows, the clash of swords and Melidore’s roar of fury she left behind. She ran—fell—through what she could not explain. Across a distance she could never measure.
And then she was here. The air tasted different. The sky seemed off. The very grass felt—odd.
Not wrong. In fact, wonderful under her bare feet. Just different.
Like, well, it belonged to somewhere else. Such that everything made Ryoka blink and stare about, wonderingly. At the stones forming the ancient gateway. The hill. The blue sky, the long grass.
And the flowers. Of every kind, of such beauty and variety and color that Ryoka felt, instinctively, that she did not see how wonderful they were. If only she had an insect’s eyes! And even that would have revealed only a fraction of the spectrum arrayed here.
They were small, some of them, tiny little florets of color. Some, as tall as she was. Taller.
They filled the vast hilltop, one of many in this place. Ryoka kept looking around. So many hills, all, seemingly, with the same kind of stone structures on them.
Crude monoliths. Worn stone, giant boulders and menhirs, which created arches. Just rectangles, ovals, squares in the air.
But beyond each gate lay another world. That was what Ryoka saw, until her eyes rejected what she saw. Through each, a different sky, each one fading with the last rays of the solstice.
On this day, they were aligned. The young woman looked about again. At the flowers on this hill. More vibrant and beautiful and in more profusion than the rest.
She could have sat forever just admiring one. One—like a frozen blossom of turquoise, gently sweeping upwards in a one-sided arch, both elegant and yet static. If she just touched it, surely it would fall apart. So wonderful.
How was it said in that poem? Eternity and infinity were reflected in these blooms. And that was one of many.
Ryoka’s head hurt with all the sights assailing her in that first moment. Her mind stopped processing it, simply taking it in as a defense mechanism. To try to understand and remember all of it?
She stood in the land of the fae. And it had taken so long for this moment. Ryoka rose. She whispered the name.
“Ivolethe?”
It was carried away by the wind. Ryoka had half-expected to see the little Frost Faerie waiting for her. But there was nothing here.
Except her, the flowers, and the distant land beyond. Ryoka looked back at the gate—
But it was closed. Of all the gates, only the same air lay beyond. She realized she had not asked for a way back home.
Part of her felt fear. But she was here. Let her worry about the return once she did what she had come here to do. Ryoka looked around. She noticed there was a path through the flowers.
She would never have stepped on one. Never, ever, not even lightly. She would rather have starved to death than do that and Ryoka did not know why, only that they were too important to trample. She began to walk down the hill.
Stopped.
Two things confronted her in that moment. Tears—and the voice.
“Ryoka.”
It came on the wind, from an immeasurable distance. But the voice was familiar. It whispered in her ears. The Wind Runner looked around. And she knew.
“Ivolethe? Where are you?”
No response. But the wind tugged at her. Onwards, down the hill. Ryoka’s legs moved her forwards, urgently now.
And stopped once more.
For there was the flower.
Not a flower.
