Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 17
He spoke ponderously, and yet, each word was so obvious it confirmed what Ryoka had half-known, or suspected. Reassuring. Yet still—she looked up at him and did not mince words. They had not the time to hold a conversation at length, anyways.
“Do you know about a prophecy with me in it?”
“Yes.”
“Will you tell me?”
“No.”
That was his kind for you. Direct. And his denial felt like a lesser tree had fallen on her. Ryoka stumbled with the force of it and knew she could not ask again. She looked at him, seeking safety in his words.
“What must I do, sir? Will you help me?”
He thought for a moment. Perhaps an hour. Perhaps days, in that strange time they shared. How long did a tree take to think? That long, exactly. Then he bent down and spoke once more.
“I tell you this because you are friend of the wind. And the wind and land are allies mine. I tell you this for what may be. I tell you for this day, and for the hospitality you have shown, for all you make merry upon the land cleared of my folk, upon the things made of our flesh and blood.”
She shivered. She was glad he was not wrathful with her. And suddenly—every bench, every wooden chair? She shuddered, but the hand was gentle as it touched her.
“The quick-lived are cruel. I would not bear all the grudges against you here. Yet I will aid you for that reason.”
His eyes were dark whorls in the trunk. His voice like the groaning of the trunk in the fiercest storm.
“I tell you this because you aided the ones who were guardians of this land. I tell you this because you will repay it tenfold.”
Neither kind nor unkind. He looked at Tyrion Veltras. Ryoka forced herself to nod.
“I will. If I can.”
She led him over to the [Lord]. The Lord of House Veltras had been watching her, she realized. Had he moved when Sikeri did? Or had he judged his opponent and known he would be wanting?
“Lord Veltras? T-this is someone you should meet.”
Ryoka shuddered as the figure loomed behind her. She looked up and realized—
“I’m sorry. I don’t even know your name.”
The giant smiled. Lord Tyrion held out a hand, hesitating. The figure did not take it. But he did bend down and smile.
“I am, in your tongue, Silver Pine.”
Of course. Ryoka stared. His hair was the very color of—his skin the exact shade of—but was he all of them or…?
“Is that your name? Or your, uh…”
“I am what I am.”
That was all the tree said. He turned to Tyrion Veltras.
“We shall speak of those under your care, mortal lord of this realm. My kin long left land for sea. I would not see one of the last forests suffer the same fate.”
“Of course. Sir.”
Tyrion half-bowed, reflexively. He looked at Ryoka and she nodded to him in thanks. Not that either would have refused Silver Pine.
Satisfied, the figure turned to Ryoka and knelt. This time, he spoke directly to her. Payment, perhaps. A favor for a favor.
“The others will never let you to him. You must bribe or beg or fight your way to the true representative of the Summer Court. All those lesser ones could never grant you what you desire.”
He pointed. And there he was. The laughing figure who was of the Summer Court. Ryoka had always known it was him. But the tree spoke again, and she realized she had needed this too.
“You will have to ask him in the old ways. Nothing less will suffice. And even then—you will risk everything.”
She looked up at him sharply. He nodded.
“Will you help me with the words?”
“Yes.”
