Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 42
No. Ryoka strained to get free, but he was holding her in place. Someone had to beat him to free her! But this—Ylawes’ eyes narrowed.
“A blow for a blow?”
“You first. Whatever you wish. But be warned boy—I will strike second.”
Melidore flicked the blade carelessly. Ryoka strained to open her mouth. With all her will—she managed to turn her head.
“Ylawes. Don’t. It’s a trap.”
“Even I can tell that, Ryoka.”
The [Knight] shrugged uncertainly. But he didn’t know. A variant of the Green Knight’s bet to Sir Gawain in Arthurian legend. Ryoka knew so many tales with the same premise.
Yet still, Ylawes nodded. The fae cheered and Melidore smiled. Ylawes looked at Ryoka, and then addressed the fae.
“I will not hold back, sir. For I owe Miss Ryoka Griffin a debt of gratitude. And her errand is more important than your life.”
“You say so, silver knight? Then strike me.”
Melidore taunted him. Ryoka groaned aloud.
“No, Ylawes—”
Too late. The [Knight] advanced, dropping his shield, bringing his silver longsword up in a two-handed grip. Melidore raised his hands, not bothering to dodge or move. Waiting.
“Ylawes!”
The [Knight] uttered a Skill as his sword sliced through the air. Ryoka heard it. Heard the shout of horror from Yitton Byres and the others as they saw Ylawes—
—Cut through Melidore. Through arm, chest, torso! Out the other side!
Two severed arms dropped, one still holding the sword. The fae’s cheering stopped. A bloody torso and lower half fell—Ryoka stared.
Had the Green Knight survived that? Head, yes, but Ylawes had aimed for the arms. Try reattaching—the pieces lay on the grass.
“Ylawes! What have you done!”
Yitton tore free of Shallel and ran forwards in horror. He stared at Ylawes’ sick face. Ryoka realized—she could move. She took a step. Was it possible…?
Melidore laughed. Ryoka froze and Ylawes whirled. The fae stood behind him, brushing at the blood on his clothes.
“Well done, boy! Timeless bravery! Timeless foolishness!”
“I—”
Ylawes paled. Then he dropped his sword.
“Do as you will, then, sir. Only let Ryoka go.”
Melidore looked at him. And those damned eyes were so cruel.
“That was not agreed. My turn.”
His sword, shining, like a beam of light in the evening, fell.
It cut Ylawes deep across the chest. Sliced his silver armor without slowing. Into flesh. Bone.
Ylawes stumbled. He stared down at his cut torso. He had taken countless blows in battle, perhaps even worse. But then he opened his mouth and screamed.
It was a shriek of pain. Yitton halted again, then ran as his son collapsed, howling, clutching at his wound. It sizzled and burned. Melidore flicked blood off his sword. Ylawes’ scream went on and on—and even the fighting duels slowed and those listening flinched away from the sound.
The shriek went higher—then cut off. Ylawes lay, golden hair lying on the grass. Yitton reached for his son as Shallel fell to her knees.
“Is he—”
He rose, reaching for his own hilt. Melidore spat at his feet. The spit ate away at the very ground. The fae turned.
“I would not defy our king’s orders. He is not dead. Fix him with your cheap tricks if you will. But he will not rise until the dawn. Next? I will not be so kind the more I swing my blade.”
He smirked, swishing the weapon he held back and forth. Ylawes groaned—but the wound did heal as Shallel poured a potion on the wound. But he did not wake up.
And that had been kind? Ryoka stared at Melidore. The fae smirked at her.
