Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 21
Laken sat silent. He wanted to close his ears. Kick the figure out, call Gamel. Do many things. He just leaned on his cane and sighed, tiredly.
“What do you have to say? I will listen to that, at least. What would you do with Rie? Your advice…Prost is a capable [Steward]. Durene is my [Paladin]. Gamel my [Knight]. Nothing you have said has been a lie, at least. So tell me what I need to know.”
All things he had been told to do. Laken leaned forwards, listening, judging. Thinking. The figure sat back.
“Very well. We have some time still. The others may find what they wish as well. At least…one. The rest may go without.”
“The five others. And what do the other four lack? Someone like…me?”
“Yes.”
Satisfaction in every note of Tamaroth’s voice. Almost childish, in its gloating and smugness. Laken raised one eyebrow.
“I would rather you be one of those who had failed to trick someone.”
“You would not.”
The amused tone came back. Laken scoffed.
“From where I sit, this seems far worse.”
A chuckle.
“Oh no, Laken Godart. You are mine. That means this day? You are safe. You would not be if we were at odds.”
The [Emperor] felt his skin crawl. He had a terrible thought and half-rose.
“Ryoka? Stay away from her…”
“That one is safe from one sort of danger. But her guests may undo us all.”
The voice was dark. Then it changed, smiling again.
“But only her.”
Across the world. Across this longest day.
Laken wanted to throw open the door.
He could not.
He wanted to warn them.
He could not.
He thought of the other names. And his skin chilled. He sat there, listening for a while.
He could do nothing else.
 
—-
 
The last of the fae was moving in the cleared grass and ground, dancing. And he was grandest of them all, glittering like the rays of the sun themselves. Even the fading evening seemed bright around him as he laughed and danced—he had a partner, Ryoka saw.
Lady Wuvren.
They moved in the center of the dance, to a rhythm and music of their own. Around them leapt the other fae, graceful as the Satyr, with inhuman agility and beauty and presence.
The nobility danced too, some with each other like Bethal and Thomast, others with strange partners. But none could match the two in the center.
Not by half. Not by far. Lady Wuvren moved across dance styles with her partner—and time.
Each step she was different. Older, younger—Ryoka had seen Wuvren before, noted how she was always a beauty of a different sort. But never had she seen the transformations so fast! So instantaneous!
A young woman in her early twenties, practically Ryoka’s age gripped an arm as she was swung around—
—caught herself in her forties, matured, but beautiful, only, a deepened understanding, the flame of youth turned into calm surety—
—barely more than a girl, laughing, unable to even stand still—
—older, grey-steel of hair, but strong of jaw, eyes steeled with flinty resolve—
She slowed as the dancing faded. Hair, even the shape of her body changing. A hundred forms, a hundred Wuvrens to love. Each one for a different reason, for a different person.
A few caught Ryoka herself. Aspects of—the young woman heard the last guest laughing, almost panting, but merriment in his voice as he spoke to the [Lady].
“Oh, you love so well! So freely! You are more than a delight, milady! You dance half as well as some of my court! Across time and space! Old and young!”
He kissed her on the forehead. Wuvren was swaying. She looked slightly pale.
“I’ve never—never done that before. I feel—excuse me, sir. You are too much for me, I think!”
