Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 46
Sammial was trying to copy the gesture, as if to open a doorway of his own. Tyrion was smiling. It was a victory! He knelt, hesitating, thinking to embrace them.
It was a good party. A good day.
This…day.
This day.
The laughing faces slowly drained of excitement. The applause, the cheering—were sucked away. The merriment, even the fury, turned to nothingness.
The fae and mortals turned about. Laken Godart opened his eyes in horror and his head turned. Even he saw them.
Four people stepped forwards, towards the boundary of the fae’s party. Four, not six.
To see them was never to forget them. Each one was different.
 
One was young, in the prime of life, bounding, restless, a huntress, a champion of causes. In her was the spirit to fight for all things. Youth and glory.
 
Another was old and young and all things in between. She walked and the world died and was born around her. She commanded such things, and she was terrible and lovely.
 
The third danced and belonged here, in merriment and love and all things of passion. He was friendship and companions and love and trust.
 
The last stood proudest of them all. In his gaze was the will to command legions, to use lives. To look at him was to give him the authority over all things, to lead you to…
 
Dead silence. The four stopped, at some invisible boundary. Behind them? Night had fallen. But even night had been swallowed by a blackness darker still.
Shadows moved around the boundary of the party. Riverfarm was gone, as if it never was. Only this circle of space. This party.
Silence. The fae were frozen. And fear—true fear—crossed their faces. Silence, until the bearded figure spoke.
“Greetings on this shortest night. Is there no room for we four around your fire? Will you not ask us to join you, on this day?”
His voice was real and not real. Tyrion ached to tear his ears off rather than hear it. Yet he was enticed nonetheless. He was frozen as the old woman came forwards.
“Yes. We should be six. But two of us have business of our own. Friends. Dear friends. Will you not speak our names?”
She addressed the fae. They stared at the four. Things moved in the shadows, at the edges of the circle of light and life. Tyrion heard a murmur. And then…a hiss.
 
“Begone.”
 
One of the fae spoke that. Which one? No one could tell. Then another spoke.
 
“Begone, nothing. Nothing is here. Do you see anything, kin?”
“Nothing. Nothing. Begone, nothing.”
 
They all took up the chant. It was a susurration, low voices. Growing louder, louder. All of them—Silver Pines, Melidore, Sikeri, the Satyr—they whispered it.
“Begone. Begone. Be-gone. Be-gone. Be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone, be-gone—”
The four sighed. They began to move forwards, pressing against something, ignoring the whispers. Reaching out to the mortal folk, as if asking them to…
Remember. Tyrion shuddered. He almost heard the voice. Remember. Say it.
Say what? He did not know. But on the four came. The fae began to chant louder.
Begone. Yet the darkness closed in. Longing for…longing to be…
Remembered.
 
—-
 
She leapt for the open gap between the fingers. Into that little bit of space.
And the world shifted around her. Ryoka did not hit the fae woman’s chest. She flew, into that tiny gap, into a point in the world so tiny you could never measure it.
Into an infinity beyond. Ryoka’s cry was one long, endless thing. And short as a breath.
