Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 13
The guests? Lord Tyrion checked his equipment. He had brought the Aegis of Veltras, the personal shield his family carried, as well as his personal dueling sword and lances. He had his armor on. And his guard could have slain a hundred [Assassins] in open combat by themselves.
But he feared [Assassins] and poison, which he realized he had few defenses against. Jericha pressed Ryoka.
“What guests are these?”
“They’re…strange folk. I can’t explain fully.”
“I’m afraid you must, Miss Griffin. Lord Veltras will not allow his sons to be placed in more danger. Nor he himself.”
“They behave—differently. Listen. There are rules. Don’t promise them anything. Don’t agree to anything. Be respectful—”
“Djinni rules? Are these djinni?”
“No. But that’s a good way of thinking of them. Djinni that you cannot offend. Just as powerful, too.”
Tyrion shifted in his saddle. And the mystery deepened.
“I understand there will both be [Witches] and Goblins, albeit kept safely under guard. Both of which are…unusual?”
To understate things. Ryoka started.
“Oh. Them. Yes. They should be fine.”
“I want to see a Goblin! Why don’t we kill them, Jericha? They’re Goblins.”
Sammy again. Lord Tyrion listened with impatience, but the ethics of Emperor Laken’s personal choice regarding Goblins distracted the conversation for twenty whole minutes. And they were already moving into Riverfarm by the time they got back on track. And in that time—
“In the name of the Unseen Emperor, halt! Is that House V—”
Lord Tyrion blew past the escort of Darksky Riders so fast that Beniar didn’t even have a chance to ask. He galloped after them as some of the guard slowed to explain that Lord Tyrion knew the way. Meanwhile, Ryoka was shaking inside the coach.
“Magnolia Reinhart isn’t here?”
“She has left Izril, yes. We know she is at sea in a flagship of House Reinhart. Will that be a problem?”
“Oh no. Oh no. I didn’t tell you! But I needed three of the Five Families to attend! I—”
Ryoka put her head in her hands. She’d been unconscious! And Maviola—
“Miss Griffin. We have three members of the Five Families here.”
Jericha’s head rose. She indicated Hethon and Sammial. Ryoka hesitated. That was true! But—her face twisted. Teriarch would doubtless say that it was style over substance when it came to the fae. Three of the same House didn’t count.
“I don’t think that’s enough, Miss—Jericha. I—we’ll try. All I need Lord Tyrion to do is—be present. Laken and I will—oh no. Oh gods…”
“Miss Griffin. Miss Griffin.”
Jericha gave up as Ryoka began to—she hesitated, eying Hethon and Sammial, and then reached over and flicked Ryoka on the forehead.
Pow. Tyrion himself heard that. He half-twisted. Jericha lowered a smoking forefinger and innocently hid it behind her back as Hethon and Sammial stared at her, open-mouthed with awe.
Ryoka was slightly dazed. Her forehead rang with the magic-powered impact. But it had shut her up. Jericha smiled politely at her.
“I hope you will calm down, Miss Griffin. All may not be lost. We are arriving in Riverfarm. Please step this way.”
“You killed her, Jericha! That was amazing!”
Hethon burst out. Jericha winced. She raised her voice innocently.
“I hardly ‘killed her’, Lord Hethon. It was just—”
“Her entire head went pow! Against the headrest!”
Jericha hesitated. Before she could reply, Lord Tyrion spoke crisply in the speaking stone embedded into an earring.
“Jericha. We have arrived. Open the doors.”
“At once, Lord Veltras!”
The [Aide] practically fled the carriage. She saw Lord Tyrion looking at her, and held the doors open.
