Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 3
That was definitely so. Ryoka’s closed eyes flickered. In her dream, she saw Erin bending, smiling, asking her.
“But it’s time to wake up. You’ve been sleeping too long.”
She was awake. The voice disagreed. And after a second—it sounded peeved.
“I want to speak to you. Stop saying ‘no’. Wake up. I command you! We’re nearly there. Stop dreaming!”
“Sammy—Jericha said she’s healing. We should leave her alone.”
Another voice. Suddenly, the first was younger. The second older, but more hesitant. The first made a foot-stomping sound. He coughed.
“She’s going to miss her own party! Did you hear me? I said—”
Ryoka had just found the vial. But it had turned into Ivolethe’s statue again. She let it drop into the wind—
“Wake up!”
It was an order. A command, however young. The power of an aura. Ryoka’s eyes—
—opened. She inhaled.
And woke up.
The two young [Lords] recoiled as the young woman sat up, her black hair flying about as she reached for the vial—then a healing potion—then—
Sammial backed up a step. Hethon, his older brother, stared at Ryoka Griffin. The City Runner, his mysterious savior. The one who had brought the cure, who looked maybe Chandrarian or Drathian and had no background.
No levels.
She looked around, dazed. Then tried to leap forwards. Since she was lying under bed sheets in the inn, she tangled and spectacularly went over the footrest of the bed into a crashing heap.
“Wow.”
Sammial breathed. He’d never seen someone face plant like that. She had not failed to disappoint, and it was the first five seconds of her waking up.
“Wh—where am I? What—”
Ryoka looked around, dazed. Hethon tried to bow—Sammial ran up.
“You’re awake! I knew it! Wait until I tell father what I did!”
He was going to be in such big trouble. Hethon saw the Wind Runner’s eyes focus on him. She stared.
“Who’re you?”
“I’m Hethon. This is Sammial.”
The boy was trying to untangle Ryoka and only making it worse. She stared at the two of them.
“Who?”
The two young boys faltered.
“The…ones you saved? The ones you brought the cure for?”
“Oh.”
She’d forgotten their names! The young woman tried to hide it at once, but it was obvious. Hethon exchanged a look of dismay with his brother. And here they’d been told she was a brave person who’d come all this way for them! Certainly, father had insisted on the best [Healers] and even taken them all this way.
“Er—Hethon and Sammial…Veltras?”
Ryoka’s mind started to focus on the facts. The two young [Lords] nodded.
“I’m Sammy. Sammy, not Sammial. This is Hethon. My older brother.”
Sammial added, to make sure she got it right. The young woman looked like she needed all the help she could get.
“I made it? I did it! Did I? Oh, dead gods. What happened to—”
She lurched up—fell down. Her legs and arms were weak from, well, nearly a week and a half of inactivity.
So many days had passed. She had no idea. Ryoka looked around, as if Hawk, Salamani, and Tritel and Ci were right behind her.
“The other Couriers. They were right with me when the [Assassins]—Ferin—what happened to them?”
She looked at them. Hethon blinked. Sammial wrinkled his forehead, as if missing a step that should have been there. There was no ‘milord’ or ‘sire’. But he answered, as if she were a peer of the realm.
“The—the Couriers fought bravely, Miss Griffin. House Veltras saw to them. They almost all survived.”
“Almost?”
Hethon wavered. Tactfulness in the face of death was not something the young boy had ever had to learn. Sammial—didn’t even try.
