Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 4
“I’m uh—Ryoka. Look, I’m just passing through.”
“We know. But we’re curious how you got here. We smell one of our friends on you.”
“S-Sikeri?”
The others looked at each other, giant heads turning.
“Oh, the party.”
“The party.”
“That greedy-guts must have gone to an interesting one! I should have gone too!”
They sighed, then fixed Ryoka with more huge stares.
“Why don’t you come in? Tell us where you come from, girl. Tell us what you seek.”
“We’ll let you dine with us in whatever viewpoint you please!”
“And even help you. If you give us something in return.”
…Yep. They were doing the exact same thing as Sikeri. And Ryoka had no time for this! She had no time for the giant, either. She bit her lip.
“Honored sisters. I’m delighted by the invitation. But I have nothing to give you. And my business is er…actually, I have a friend coming you probably don’t want to meet.”
She had a sudden thought and smiled. The three Wyrms narrowed their eyes and twined a bit…closer together.
“Friend? We fear nothing, girl.”
“Not even your large protector from the forest. We are three and she is one.”
“You may have met Sikeri, but we are far more than she.”
Great. Super-Wyrms. But Ryoka remembered something. Wyrm they might be, but they were the same kind as Teriarch. And the boy in the city, for that matter. She licked her lips.
“This is all true, great sisters. Greatest of the Wyrms. Er—peerless beauties with a hoard even Dragons would envy and cry in shame to behold.”
The largest made a crooning sound and bent her head lower.
“Go on. I like you. I’d rather like to keep you.”
“Ah, but you wouldn’t. Because my friend is coming. And—you can tell I’m telling the truth, obviously. You won’t like to meet him. The King of Knights is coming, and he has Caliburn—”
The shriek turned Ryoka deaf. She saw—
 
—-
 
The three sisters ran for their cottage. One of them hit a remote and steel shutters began to slide down in front of the entrance. They slammed windows shut, screaming.
“The King? You awakened him?”
“Begone! Get lost!”
“Don’t let him bring that wretched sword near us! Shoo!”
They threw things out the window. Vases, a painting—Ryoka dodged a handbag and decided her perspectives needed work. She ran on, wondering if it had been a magical force field in reality or if Wyrms actually invested in security. Probably. But who supplied that kind of thing? Gnomes?
Ryoka ran on as the Wyrms harangued her—then ran back and picked up the handbag. She ran off as they shouted every manner of insult at her for stealing it. But she really wanted to know what the hell it was.
She was journeying across the lands of the fae. And like Nama—Ryoka flicked through adventures that took hours or days. She stopped by a potluck filled with what she thought were feathered folk of all kinds. She travelled past the fields of grass and fire, and only Nama’s foot wraps kept her feet from being incinerated.
She bribed the Phoenix with the handbag to slow the Wild Hunt as the storm blew across the old worlds, angering all the denizens. Fire and steam and ice raged behind her.
Stories. Ryoka Griffin had only one more encounter of note. That was—an encounter of note because it was less wondrous than all the others which were all noteworthy, if that made sense.
She was nearly at the next place when she found six people wandering about, looking terrified. Ryoka slowed as they hid behind a rock, babbling to each other.
She was used to this by now and switched across the layers of—
