Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 0

They descended on the party and brought stories. From another world. From many worlds, perhaps.
Timeless tales. A strangeness in the air; as if anything could happen. The opposite of the days when Ryoka had looked up at the sky and seen only smog, seen nothing to do or dream of.
These folk were the times stories had been made of. They had walked among legends and watched the things that defined culture and imagination. And they had been great, greater than you could believe.
It was such a relief to see them. Even those who did not know who they are knew them.
The keepers of stories. Beings of myth and legend. Immortals of another world.
The fae folk.
Here, in a moment after the eclipse passed. Resplendent in every color, flitting about, grabbing treats or laughing. This was a day of celebration, after all!
The longest day. For a second, the mortal guests just stared, wondering how they had suddenly doubled their numbers. Realizing that someone had been there who had not been a moment ago. The fae’s entrance was so natural that it became all the more surprising when you realized it.
Then one of them spoke.
 
“The food! And drink! And dance and sights! How glorious! How wonderful! And all for us!”
 
The speaker was male, cheeks glowing with the same vibrancy as the voice. The listeners stirred—and saw him snatch a caramelized apple and bite into it. He chewed, laughing, and he was both immortal and very mortal. Savoring such a simple action, simple delights.
“Dead gods.”
Someone breathed. Tyrion Veltras started. He half-turned. And saw it was Jericha. She, like him, stared. As if waking from a dream into…
Another dream. Only, it was reality. The [Lord] of House Veltras turned, and as he came to his senses, he noticed the warriors.
There were two kinds of guest here. One was the court of the fae. A dancing, singing, laughing, impish mob of all sorts and stations. Some, as Ryoka had seen, were vibrant, realer, more powerful. But they were still of the same nature, here for the party.
The second kind were the warriors, like the armored thing of frost and metal who stood next to Ulva Terland and the laughing fae on the Golem’s lap.
There were…less than a dozen of them. A paltry escort! And yet—each one made Tyrion sweat. His hand was on his sword. But he did not draw it.
Hospitality. There was more than an [Emperor]’s will in this. Part of him sensed that to offer violence in this place, at this time, was unwise. Even so—he had yet to release the grip on his sword.
Did they even have faces? What were they? The silent warriors took no part in the delight. Their armor and blades were of no make or style he could name. They stood half-invisible in their stillness.
Warriors of the Faerie King. Some, like Lady Rie, Bethal, Thomast, had seen one of them for the last party. Now, there were seven.
Magic in numbers. They stood around the place marked out for the fae, sentinels. Interestingly—that was how the fae had appeared.
None in the streets of Riverfarm. None past the place made without iron, specially designated for them. It was as if they knew where they were welcome. For all that, they called out, to the stunned crowd, to the entertainers.
 
“We’ve come! Bring your gifts, sellers of things!”
“Aye, and your food! Yon pile of snacks! The delights of sweet and breads! Bring it here!”
“Dance for us! Dance with us! We were promised a party like no other! On this longest day—show us delights!”
 
They laughed. Their voices a chorus, indistinguishable in the mob. But again—they were not all alike.
