Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 3
A few of the fae were clearly here to make the mortals suffer, if only with tricks and pranks like Lord Ranga’s family. Some meetings were darker.
“I…know you. Don’t I?”
Lord Tourant’s son stopped, abruptly. Brushed at his face. Then shuddered. The two laughing fae who had seized his arms giggled.
He stared at his missing fingers. Then at them.
 
“You promised us such things, boy! Will you not fulfill your promise?”
 
“I—I did. But I misspoke.”
They laughed, uncaring, tugging him fiercely. One whispered at him.
 
“Yet you promised us. And we are not some mortal women. You promised us. Make good on your promise.”
 
He shuddered again. But trailed after them. Part of his ear was missing too. And yet—he was half-longing, half-terrified as he followed them into the shadows.
And some simply…odd.
“Child! Ah, a child after so long!”
A tall figure, nearly eight feet tall, bent down. His? Her? Face was long, closer to equine. Their legs seemed far longer than the rest of them, for that matter.
They squatted down as Eliasor stared up. The figure laughed and sat.
“Little ones! Shall we play games? Show me your tricks! Play with me this game.”
They pointed at the chess board and Grev’s scam. The figure saw the children back away, even Grev, except for Eliasor.
Part of the [Lady] was wary. But she looked into the giant fae’s eyes and saw—
“Excuse me, sir. But do you wish to play games?”
“Yes. It has been too long since we have walked among the little ones. Tell me your grief, child. Then—abandon it.”
Nothing but pure kindness shone there. The giant smiled and Eliasor burst into tears. She sat, and played a game as the fae listened. Then—forgot her sadness and began to laugh. The other children began to gather around and spoke of the saddest things they had felt.
The sadness produced tears—then vanished. Then they laughed and the fae laughed too, in delight. They ate greedily from the tables, and ran about in delight.
Lady Zanthia watched the tall fae warily. No easy trust from her. As did the [Witches]. But the giant figure paid them no mind.
“It took their grief like one of us. What is it? I cannot tell its species—a half-Giant?”
“I do not know. If we must battle it—does it have a grip upon the children, do you think, Eloise?”
The [Witches] stood together. Agratha, Eloise, Mavika, Hedag—it was Agratha who turned to Eloise and Oliyaya. The scarred [Witch] made an indecipherable sound.
There were [Witches] in this gathering, young and old. They had invited themselves to the noble’s fancy. But like [Witches]—the old had not forbidden the young, despite the danger. Agratha had wanted to. The others had overruled them.
This was a time of power. And the [Witches], even the young ones, were warier of the fae than the other mortals.
“If we must do battle—it would be unwise, sisters. But if we must, do not break the rules of hospitality. And that [Lady] will help us.”
Zanthia was striding towards the tall fae, but somehow, never managing to get there. It was as if the children were a hundred miles away, and she never got closer no matter how fast she walked, despite one of them running past her. Zanthia stopped, bewildered.
And growing angrier.
“Is it a thing of good or evil, then?”
Mavika turned her head, almost astonished to hear the question coming from one of them. Hedag had asked. She had taken the worn executioner’s axe out and was studying the tall fae with bright eyes.
Wariness in the air.
Then—the [Witches] saw something that made them all stir. Agratha’s jaw dropped.
“Impossible! It can’t be! It’s—”
