Solstice (Pt. 3)
Page 2
Now she had both a sense of time and urgency. Ryoka had heard Ivolethe’s voice, albeit without that quality she had possessed as a Winter Sprite. The wind blew at her hair and Ryoka’s head turned.
“Okay. Okay. Ahead, then. Before I run out of time. I might have more—but I have to go. Are you the same wind across worlds? Are you still friendly?”
A playful tug at her raven-black hair was the only answer. The Wind Runner took that as a ‘let’s not make me mad and find out, m’kay?’ And went on.
She walked down the path from the hill, seeing the other paths join the central one. It was not a yellow brick road, she was pleased to note. That would have necessitated a second gut-punch to check on reality.
What might she find here? How long had she walked? Ryoka turned and the hilltop was already far away. If she had to guess…
“That’s three miles away, at least!”
Ryoka checked the sky. She’d been walking. But the sun had not moved. Nor had she consciously registered the time.
“Faerie rules. Faerie rules.”
Time was different. Space was different. Remember how the fae looked? This place was not necessarily safe. Be on the lookout for…boggarts? Sprites? Gnomes?
Teriarch said his world had Gnomes, once. Would she run into Elves? Where were all of them? Ryoka jogged down the wide dirt road, head on a swivel. Remember that she was probably in the most danger she had ever been in, here. Find Ivolethe. Don’t be stupid.
Hard tasks for Ryoka Griffin. She really, really hoped—there weren’t things like Jabberwocks. Wrong story? But surely if Sikeri was a resident of this place…
Shit. There are probably more petty Wyrms about. Ryoka halted, looking around.
Nothing seemed to indicate they’d read her mind. She shook her head. This place with the hills and gates and flowers—seemed devoid of life. Perhaps it was the gateway area? The place where fae could enter other worlds?
“Right. Makes sense. Not an inhabited space. This is where I am. And where am I going?”
Ryoka looked ahead blankly. She realized she hadn’t asked herself where this central road led.
And as if her asking had created them, she saw more features appear on the horizon. The young woman stopped.
“What?”
They had not been there a second ago. But Ryoka was sure—sure—that they had always been there, on the horizon. It was only when her mind asked to know that they became real, though.
Try figuring that one out. Ryoka didn’t bother. She stared ahead.
The road split. Ahead of her lay a forest to the left. A vast forest, with tall trees, and no end to the canopies of foliage she could see. To the right? What looked like a city.
A city? Ryoka squinted. She couldn’t make out many details, but she thought she saw what looked suspiciously like skyscrapers! Buildings—definitely stone or steel—and on the right side.
The road split at a crossroads without a sign. Just a fork in the road.
“…And I took the one that didn’t get me killed.”
Ryoka murmured. She felt, intrinsically, that this was all part of the rules of this place. Stories defined her journey. She defined her journey.
Left or right? Forest or city? Ryoka had to think.
“Logically, if I wanted to find Ivolethe, I’d go into the city. Because the city is where I’d find fae who knew where she was.”
She began to go right. Then Ryoka was jogging towards the split in the road again as she had another thought. She stopped—looked over her shoulder. But she’d just—!
“Wh—but maybe they know I’m defying the Faerie King. And Ivolethe is a faerie. So the forest is where she’d be.”
