Solstice (Pt. 4)
Page 3
She felt as though this beast were not an animal, but akin to something far greater. At least it could have eaten Carn Wolves for breakfast. She saw one vast eye open, and the brown sclera, in itself a tapestry of complex biology, regard her for a second. She saw the untorn ear flick, and the great thing heave itself to its feet with a sigh.
“Granted, mortal.”
The rabbit spoke. Ryoka felt her jaw drop; she had expected intelligence. Not vocalization. She saw the muscle and fur ripple—then it launched itself from its hindquarters.
The lord of rabbits or whatever it was, leapt out of sight. Bounded off a trunk—and vanished. The leap was so fast that the passage of air made her stumble. She felt the impact; caught herself, whirled—
And it was gone.
“I—buh—that was—did I—?”
Stupefied, the young woman stared at the flattened bit of grass. Then around at the forest of the fae. She felt grateful for having met whatever she had met. Then—terribly uneasy. She heard a chittering and realized that she had benefitted from more than one way by the white rabbit’s presence.
It had staved off the wrath of the spiders. Ryoka glanced over her shoulder as a wave of multi-faceted legs and eyes surged towards her. Shield Spiders and these magical ancestors alike. She ran, heart and legs pumping.
 
—-
 
The strobing pattern of lights was growing harder to watch from the ritual. It seemed as though countless conceivable spells were melding together to form one complex, unknowable effect.
That was how it appeared to the Blighted King, Othius the Fourth. To the mages, struggling as they linked hands and forced magic into the ritual, the effect might have been different.
He was keenly aware of the flaws in the moment. The stone dust shaking down from the ceiling, possibly disrupting the intricate magical flows.
His own disorganized clothes, slightly askew. Twice now he had attempted to correct it and failed, given up for sheer annoyance. This moment should have been timeless.
Instead, Othius kept staring at Nereshal. The man was one of the imperfections. He kept exhorting the others. The [Chronomancer]’s job was to be such, but it still rankled.
“Maintain your mana flows! High Mage Lerid! Your output is faltering!”
As if he were coaching students. Othius bore it as a necessity. Still, he longed to tell Nereshal to be silent. As well as inform the man he has some spittle glistening on his chin.
But Othius had forgone his servants, his host of colorful and resplendent courtiers and accompaniment. This was to be secret.
For this ritual would differ in considerable ways from those past. Already, the scope was far different.
“Ten thousand souls we sacrificed for a bare handful, a fraction of that last time. This time shall be different. Even spread out as they may be. I will bring the Demon Kingdom down to its knees and purge Rhir before my end.”
The compulsion gripped Othius. Nereshal nodded.
“It shall be, my king.”
The Blighted King scowled, for he had not wished a response nor meant to voice that feeling aloud. But Nereshal at least understood part of Othius’ great burden, his determination like adamantine to do what must be done.
Ten thousand of Rhir’s children had been sacrificed unborn last time. This time…
High Mage Laisa cried out as the magnitude of the spell struck her again. She was only providing power, yet—yet something seemed wrong to her.
“Your Majesty! Please, let us lessen the scope of it!”
“No.”
