Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 4
The tall figure had fingers proportionally as long as its legs. As it sat cross-legged and Eliasor pondered her move, the [Witches] saw a long line of…grief…draw from one finger to another. A line of thread.
Thread. The figure’s fingers moved, twisting the thread. Without perception of how, it grew longer, from a thin thread into a wider band of cloth. Wider—longer—
The thread grew more complex. Weaving in, out. With different shades of grief. Some petty, some terribly hard to bear, like Eliasor’s. Before the [Lady] had made a move, the figure had created…
A scarf. One with a pattern so complex that it almost hurt the eyes. Of soft blues, like that of the pine of blue spruce, shades of darkness like the shadows in caves, and fragments of gold; bright as a match’s first illumination in a dark room.
“It spins like Belavierr!”
Agratha cried out. Oliyaya just laughed and clapped her hands. Her voice was raw when she spoke.
“No. Better. What creatures are these? The oldest! Did she learn from it?”
The [Witches] saw Zanthia stumble forwards suddenly, and nearly kick over the chess board. She caught herself, and the oldest [Lady] present rounded on the tall creature.
“Excuse me, sir or madam. But Lady Eliasor is my ward. I do not believe I taught her to converse so readily with strangers of your ilk.”
“Lady Zanthia. I was only—”
Eliasor started guiltily. Zanthia faced down the tall fae, clearly wary of its intentions. The [Witches] stirred. They did not want to test its strength; not after seeing it match Belavierr’s Skill in a moment. And even she could not have taken that grief so easily!
For a moment, the tall fae regarded Zanthia without expression. Simply—judging her. Then, the long features turned into a gentle smile. It reached out, and—quite unbidden—draped the scarf around Zanthia’s neck.
“There. You should have done better, mentor. Bear it this night and I will reward you your kindness.”
It spoke, admonishingly. Eloise stirred herself. She saw the old lady stumble, as if the scarf weighed—
All their grief, spun into that thing. Zanthia nearly sank to one knee. But the fae had not misjudged her. Her head rose and her hand half-touched the scarf. She looked at the fae, then at Eliasor, who was laughing as Grev, also smiling despite his loss, pointed out a move Erin had taught him.
“Ah.”
She looked at the fae. It held out a single finger, and Zanthia clasped it once. The thing smiled—
They had an agreement. Zanthia turned away, as the children laughed. The [Lady]’s chin rose, and she walked away, bearing the heavy scarf.
The [Witches] sighed in relief. And in truth—they needn’t have worried. Of the mortals here, the fae doted on the children. There were those who did not, of course.
But they were not welcome here. And—there were rules. The watching warriors stopped the two trying to pull Lord Tourant’s son out of the bounds of the party.
 
“But he promised! We have the right!”
 
One of the colorful fae protested. Last time no one had stopped them! But this time?
Frost emanated from one of the dark visors. A hand reached out and winter’s chill covered the land for a second, despite the warmth of the evening, the bright fires. The fae balked; turned pale.
One was greater than the other two combined. Far more. It was—intensity. The two sprang away from the [Lord] who gasped in relief.
 
“Fine! Curses upon you!”
 
The other spat and scrabbled in the dirt to throw a clod of soil at the warrior. It bounced off. The visor turned; the fae fled with a scream.
