Solstice (Pt. 9)
Page 5
For a second, she met the eyes of Oberon. She saw only a fraction of what was there. Anything more and she would have been overwhelmed. But what she saw—
Was sadness. A terrible grief.
The Faerie King mourns. He was terrible. Terrible and wondrous and…
Not without kindness. Ivolethe had broken the rules, so he had punished her. But there was no malice there.
Just weariness. And resolve. In that moment, he nodded to her. And her transgressions were forgiven. She had broken his laws. She and Ivolethe had defied his will.
This matters more. The Faerie King raised a horn and blew it. And the realm shook as his army marched to war.
How many times? Did it matter?
We kept our promises. 
Oberon looked ahead. And his wrath descended upon the world beyond.
 
—-
 
Othius the Fourth saw the ritual burning bright. He felt something opening beyond him. The countless potentialities were about to be sacrificed. An exchange of unparalleled magnitude.
“My King! Please! Reconsider!”
Laisa begged as the lights burned a hole between times. But she was now caught by the spell. Beholden to its will.
And the Blighted King’s. He saw Nereshal looking at him uncertainly.
A hundred thousand lives this time. Unborn—and yet—the last one had caused the Fool to defect. It had been a price bitter enough.
This time? The Blighted King raised a hand.
“Fear not, Laisa. The Blighted Kingdom shall not give so many lives.”
The High Mage and the others sagged. Othius went on. He clenched and unclenched his hands. And his fury, bittering of centuries, rose in him.
“For so long we have held the breach! We alone, aided so little by the other petty lands of this world! A bulwark only remembered when the fate of all trembled on the balance! This time—yes, this time—let the rest of the world pay the price! Take it from all but Rhir!”
Laisa’s eyes widened in horror. The High Mage struggled. Nereshal whirled.
“Your Majesty! The other nations—”
“Be silent, steward! Do it! Complete the ritual!”
Nereshal ran forwards, but it was too late. The High Mages, linked, were conduits for Othius’ words. The spell burned, like brimstone and the scent of pure magic, howling against the dust and darkness in this place—
Othius smelled fresh berries upon a sudden breeze. He heard birdsong. He looked around, mystified.
“What is—”
 
—-
 
The five were fleeing. Backing away from the gateway that had appeared in the sky. A true gateway. But they were trapped. They had come too far, and now Melidore and the fae were trying to keep them back.
 
“Die! Die!”
 
The fae stabbed something as it fled. And something—
Died with a scream so piercing that even the other shades stopped. Even the five. As pitiful as it had been, Tyrion wept. For a ___ had died—
And more would die. The power filled the air. It filled—
 
—-
 
The treants looked up from the sea. They began to bloom in every profusion.
Wild beasts took wing, flying—mighty Rocs, proud Griffins, even a horned Unicorn knelt in the direction of the gathering.
“What the—”
Eldavin—Teriarch whirled in his cabin. He kicked out the door, gasping.
“It—it can’t be.”
What did Ryoka do? Also—he’d missed this?
 
—-
 
The ritual! Suddenly—the scent of spring was in the air. And something was twisting—twisting the magic apart!
It was as if some other power were ripping it apart! The High Mages screamed and Othius raged.
“Stop! I command you to stop!”
The Summer smote him and Nereshal down to the ground.
 
—-
 
“They have returned! Bring them death! Death and fulfill our vows!”
 
