Solstice (Pt. 4)
Page 8
“They are? I mean—they are. Because…”
Ryoka’s entire collection of items was set out on a table. The woman plucked three healing potions from the bag and looked at Ryoka.
“Of course they are. They’re from your world’s rules, after all. And each world has different rules. For instance…these? Very valuable. I will have three, if that is fair.”
She shook the best of the healing potions in the bag of holding at Ryoka. The young woman thought it was cheap—but she saw the hostess’ meaning.
“Of course, Nama. Take them. And if you want…?”
“No. You may have need of healing.”
The woman stopped Ryoka. Slowly, the Runner nodded and put them into her pack.
Twenty minutes. When she rose, Ryoka Griffin stretched. She felt light as a feather. The bindings on her feet? A second skin that neither thorn nor insect would pierce. She had never felt better.
She would remember her stay. Later. But she was in a hurry, so she turned and bowed. Nama tsked.
“Don’t be rid of me so quickly, Ryoka Griffin. I can at least take you through the city.”
“You don’t have to, Nama. Really—just to the city will do. You’ve been such a gracious hostess this…week?”
Ryoka tried. She saw the lips move upwards, and the fur ripple, as it did when she amused or delighted her hostess. The apron was still there, but Nama had changed broom for walking stick.
“You are so stubborn. Perhaps. I will at least take you out of the forest. At least you know this trick.”
Ryoka followed the older woman—so much older—to the door. Ryoka belatedly wiped her feet on the welcome mat, guiltily, and got a chuckle. She saw the door open—
And there were some trees, small, younger, some underbrush, and less than a hundred meters to the road. Beyond it lay the city.
“You have to go through it. Just the outskirts. But better than the forest.”
Ryoka stepped out hesitantly and stared about the landscape. This was not the forest where she had encountered the sneaking giant. She glanced at the door; Nama winked.
Ah. The same trick. Ryoka Griffin exhaled slowly.
“Thank you, Nama. I think I can go from here.”
“Are you sure? If you’re not, just call for me. As long as you’re here, that is.”
Ryoka was tempted. But at the same time she had a feeling that Nama wanted to be…here.
In her home. It was too much of an imposition to ask her to leave the memories behind, even for as long as it took. And Ryoka felt light on her feet.
“I’m good. See?”
She hopped up and down. She got a laugh again. Nama waved from the opening as Ryoka jogged for the road. The city beyond it—
What a strange encounter. Like this mode of thinking—a faerie’s story. Nama was right, though. In between lecturing Ryoka, she had told her she should have stayed with the mundanity of the first vision. She’d gone faster, then.
But Ryoka had wanted to see wonders. So, this had occurred.
Now she jogged out of the forest and saw the city in the distance. Only—
Something was wrong. She left the forest behind, travelling that road which was really just filler between places in a moment and a long time. Seeing the city approach.
But what had been just a city like one from home was…different now. Ryoka’s eyes widened.
“What…what is this?”
She came to a halt. Her bound feet uncertainly stopping on the dirt path. Ryoka looked ahead, to where dirt became stone. The city lay beyond.
But like the forest—she saw it for what it really was.
As she had first seen it, the city of the fae made sense to her as a city from her world.
In style. But every detail was changed.
