Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 35
The Wandering Inn.
It was exactly evening, the sun caught midway before it fell completely from the horizon. Ryoka Griffin wept.
Barelle touched the glowing string of magic on his harp.
And the lights.
Went.
Out.
 
—-
 
Luan was around an peninsula when he heard the shouting. He turned his head and groaned.
“Not them again.”
A Lizardfolk crew appeared as their [Invisibility] spell ran out on their canoe. Luan had suspected he was being followed.
It wasn’t exactly as if they’d been the stealthiest thing on the waves. He could see something breaking the surf and the motions of paddles.
What was more, he knew this Lizardfolk crew. They were one of the first groups to try to go after him. [Bounty Hunters] with access to spells and artifacts.
Also—stubborn as could be.
“We have you this time, Luan! Give up!”
The leader brandished a wand. Luan shouted back.
“Would you get lost? You know you can’t catch me!”
“No! It’s personal! You’ve gotten away from us four times! Do you know how much gold we’ve spent?”
They’d tried to ambush him four times, at sea and on land. One time, the Bushrangers had kicked them about but spared them. Luan rolled his eyes.
“I guess I’ll just turn back, then. Hold on—”
He began to swing left, to shore. The Lizardfolk stirred.
“Wait, is he actually going to do it? That worked?”
Luan’s paddles dipped in the water as he turned—then he shot away.
[Time of the Olympian]! 
His personal Skill. The [Expert Rower] took off, as if he were performing his best ever. The Lizardfolk shouted and tried to go after him.
“He’s running! Get him! Attack! Attack!”
One of them used a [Haste] scroll on the group. The canoe, propelled by multiple hands, shot after Luan. But he was fast.
“We’re going to lose him again! How is he so—”
Luan grinned as he heard them fading away already. His Skill had more than one effect. But mainly—it was to replicate his best performance. With Skills included. Every time he broke his record, he moved faster. And he’d be fresh after finishing his max-speed and max-distance row.
That was his capstone Skill. The [Expert Rower] rounded the peninsula, ready to lose the [Bounty Hunters] again.
That was when the [Fireball] hit the water in front of him and the explosion and water spout rocked his boat. Luan swore—swerved desperately—and the second [Fireball] hit the water.
“You won’t get away, Luan!”
The Lizardfolk’s leader had aimed wide on purpose. Luan saw they had two Wands of Fireball. He swore.
“You’re crazy! The Bushrangers will have your neck frills! I’ll tell the Nagas on you!”
That was a Lizardfolk threat. The [Bounty Hunters] hesitated.
“Pull over!”
“Get lost!”
Luan rowed desperately. The [Bounty Hunter]’s leader cursed.
“More fireballs! Don’t hit him—make him go to land!”
They took careful aim as a chase ensued. Luan was dodging fireballs, weaving back and forth as the [Bounty Hunters] tried to move him towards the shore.
“Just slow down! We’ll only break your boat and your legs! You don’t even need them to row! One leg! That’s all we’re asking!”
“Leave me alone!”
Luan was sweating. They were clearly desperate and he had to watch the flashes of the incoming fireballs or be hit! They wanted to damage his boat. If they got an oar or—
He was rowing further out to sea, to dare them into the bigger waves while weaving past a burning spell. They had to run out of charge on those wands!
That was when it happened.
On Izril. Over the party, as the [Bard] touched the magic chord and Ryoka wept.
In Wistram, as Aaron reached for a screwdriver he’d made himself.
Above Liscor.
