Solstice (Pt. 3)
Page 3
She didn’t like cold iron. So—Ryoka veered towards the forest. Then arrived at the crossroads once more.
“—But forests have monsters. Shit.”
The Wind Runner looked at the crossroads again. She ran left, experimentally, and found herself jogging towards the fork again.
“Make up your mind. Got it.”
Ryoka grabbed at her hair. No problem for Ryoka, the most decisive person to ever exist! Who never second-guessed herself! Erin would be skipping down one of the paths without a second thought. Mrsha? Already rolling into the forest.
Erin. Ryoka realized she was wasting time. Or was she? She looked up at the sun. It hadn’t moved. But was that just here or…?
Indecision paralyzed her. Someone, this diabolical architect of the crossroads, perhaps, was surely laughing at her. Ryoka half-screamed as she tried to figure it out. Right or left? Was there some kind of mythological significance in going left? The word ‘sinistral’ was based on the idea of left-handed people being more dangerous in antiquity. But would the fae consider a left-handed route more special because of the rarity of the direction? Or was she overthinking it?
Ryoka could not turn off her brain. It was like the fork in the road was driving her insane the longer she stared at it. It was like a trap. Or—
Or it was just a fork in the road and she was having a breakdown over it. The first great trial of the faerie lands lay in front of Ryoka! The trap of the mind! The—
There you are.
Ryoka Griffin’s head slowly rose. She turned from the rather mundane fork in the road and looked behind her.
Far away, a vast distance she had covered over hours, perhaps days, the gateway hills lay. And on one hill out of many—
Four warriors emerged from the stone archway. Four, looking towards her.
Four of the Faerie King’s guards. Ryoka Griffin understood, in a flash, that she had erred.
There was time here. And she had wasted hers. The voice in her head that had spoken was like malevolent intent. They had found her in a moment.
Intruder in the lands of the faeries. They began striding towards her, covering the ground fast. But they were far away.
There was time here, and there was distance. Just different. Ryoka felt the distant pinpricks of their blades, too far to cut her. She turned.
Left or right? Now, her heart was pounding again. Idiot! Fool! Find Ivolethe! And it was so obvious!
“Wind? Which way?”
She asked the wind. And felt it tug her left instantly. Ryoka began to run towards the forest.
…Then the wind tugged her right. Ryoka halted at the fork in the road again and nearly screamed.
“What do you mean, left and right?”
The tugging came both ways at once. Either one, you idiot! Ryoka started. Then, behind her, she saw—
Even without turning her head, Ryoka saw the four striding down the hill. Towards her in the distance. But she had such a lead. And a voice was calling fury—the four stopped.
Three turned back. They drew their blades and headed back through the gateway. Why? Ryoka heard Melidore’s voice, from afar. They dashed back up the hill, disappearing through the arched stone. The last figure turned—but the warrior seemed to regard Ryoka as important as well.
It came on, striding faster, faster.
The Winter’s Guardian. The one with a blade like frost, armor that reeked of cold. Ryoka saw the great sword pointing at her, a terrible fate promised in every particle of the weapon.
You should not be here. You defy the Faerie King’s will.
The second armored hand reached for something at its side. The figure was beyond a speck in the distance. And Ryoka still saw it clearly.
