Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 10
Ryoka heard none of it. After so long, she had done it. She embraced Ivolethe. She had lost so many friends. Seen so many terrible things. At last, at long last…
She had gotten one back. And in that moment, Ryoka’s long journey ended.
Everything was well again.
If only for a moment.
 
—-
 
Ryoka was smiling and crying when she let go of Ivolethe. It was a hug she had been waiting for, without knowing it, for so long.
“Ye crying child. How did you ever manage to get this far?”
Ivolethe said that, in a voice that was almost normal, not her magical fae voice. But she didn’t mean it. Her eyes were glimmering themselves.
And she was here. Ryoka could touch her.
The adventure had ended. She didn’t realize it at first. Ryoka breathed out.
“The Wild Hunt’s chasing me, Ivolethe. We might have to run. Even with King Arthur. And this is Commander…I can’t pronounce her name. And—”
“Shh.”
“But—”
“Shh, you silly girl.”
A cold finger pressed against Ryoka’s lips. Ivolethe turned and nodded to the King of Chivalry. The oldest nodded back as the boy bowed awkwardly, and the younger King inclined his head. He did not bow, even to the fae.
“Milady. May I leave Miss Ryoka Griffin in your care?”
“Yes. And I thank you, King of the Sword. We must thank those who helped this one. But we shall return to meet you again before the day ends.”
“Surely.”
The three in one nodded. Ryoka blinked.
“But the Wild Hunt—”
“Forget about them. You found me. And now, you are under my protection.”
“But they’re the Wild Hunt.”
“And I am Ivolethe!”
The faerie snapped back. Ryoka opened her mouth, and then it struck her.
She had come here to find Ivolethe. The Winter Fae grinned.
“Yes. And whilst my kind prevented me from reaching ye, I bet them you would make it. Neither they nor the cold hunters will trouble you. Nor any other.”
She looked around triumphantly. The Wind Runner opened her mouth.
“…But you were trying to find me, weren’t you?”
The Winter Fae hesitated. She glowered at Ryoka and muttered.
“I might have grown nervous. Ye are a fool. I imagined you wandering off into a trap somewhere, or angering the prouder folks.”
“What, me? I’d never do that.”
The young woman scoffed. She avoided Ivolethe’s gaze as the faerie raised an eyebrow. Ryoka coughed.
“So what now?”
Her answer was a smile.
“Now? Now, we are here, Ryoka. We will talk! But first, we must do what is right. The King of Chivalry and yon children helped you get here. Did anyone else worth thanking?”
Ryoka nodded.
“One. Well, a number of people. A Dragon, a phoenix—some people gave me food—but one person in particular. Someone called Nama—she’s waiting for me at the forest’s edge.”
“Then we shall see her and thank her properly.”
Ivolethe decided. She pointed back the way they’d come. Ryoka protested.
“But it was so long. And I know time isn’t unlimited here, Ivolethe. I came here for—”
“Would you stop worrying for one moment?”
A hand took Ryoka’s and Ivolethe glared back at her, truly irate. She reached over and flicked Ryoka’s ear. The young woman swore.
“That hurt!”
“Well, good. I was too small to beat you properly all those other times! You need it! I told you: you are with me. And my friend will not come to harm.”
So saying, Ivolethe pulled Ryoka past the fae. They scoffed at her and she made a rude gesture in reply.
“Come find me, kin! Or does this mortal who walked here not merit a single moment of yer time?”
“Paugh! We will see, Ivolethe!”
