Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 22
“Ah, but that is true of all of mortal ilk. Well then, go! And my favor be on you.”
He kissed her hand, kneeling. Ryoka thought she saw Wuvren’s eyes shine for a moment. She gasped. Then he had lost interest and was grabbing ice cream, laughing with the others.
“I never thought I’d meet someone who I was so outmatched by. I—I need to sit down. Zanthia.”
An older woman murmured. She stumbled—and Lady Zanthia helped a [Lady] with less of the stunning allure towards a table.
“I warned you. What did he give you?”
“Seven years, he said.”
Power. The hairs on Ryoka’s neck rose. She looked past Wuvren at the bright figure.
Yes. If Silver Pine and Sikeri were the brightest lights of the rest of the fae and guests? This one was beyond them still.
She knew. The Faerie King’s representative of the Summer Court. He alone could help her. Let her meet Ivolethe.
Let her save Erin Solstice. Ryoka was not ready for this. She knew her gifts were paltry. Paltry, compared to one who gave time with a kiss. But her own moment would run out if she hesitated.
The Wind Runner walked across the floor. The words burned in her mind.
I crave a—
Her mouth opened and closed with the words. Ryoka halted, abruptly, as Jericha, whirling with a male fae, slowed. She saw the Wind Runner grasping at her throat. Trying to…speak?
“I can’t say anything.”
Ryoka murmured. Then grabbed at her throat.
“I can speak? Speak. I—”
She looked up at the glowing guest. And then down at herself again.
“Still speaking…”
Slowly, the Wind Runner looked around. She tested her voice, then looked at the figure. And only those words out of them all failed her.
Someone had stolen her words away.
Laughter. And suddenly, they bounded out of the crowd. Not pixies. Not Satyrs. Not the other kinds, like the Wyrm, or the trees. Their voices were like the rustling of spring. They brought the heat of summer, the vibrancy of life—
And all of summer’s wrath. Uncaring heat. Fire. All these things at once. They surrounded Ryoka.
The Summer Court.
 
“Look who comes! The Wind Runner, they call her! Windfriend! Foolish girl who sought favors from the winter!”
“She flew! She flew, and she called the wind! Now she throws a party for us!”
“And yet. She forgets us.”
 
One of them observed. Ryoka saw the cavorting stop. And the fae stood unnaturally still.
A guest tilted his head down and looked at her imperiously. The voice was regal, not as high and silly as the Frost Faeries had been.
 
“You beg boon, and yet you make no offerings. You go to the foremost of us and toss the rest of us aside!”
 
He snapped at her. Ryoka felt the simmering heat of anger in the immortal eyes. She raised her hands, slowly. Heart pumping.
Were they the Frost Faeries in another aspect or different entirely? They were so much more than the Winter Sprites had been! One was an impish prankster with a humble form. Sometimes you saw what they truly were—
But this was a bigger piece of that puzzle. A larger window. She quailed.
“I’m sorry. I did not mean to offend, fair folk. I only have business with—”
She indicated the greatest of them. The others snorted.
 
“You seek the favor of the Summer Court? Here we are!”
 
Another nodded haughtily.
 
“One of us is not all of us. The Summer Court shall hear ye now, mortal! Speak or be damned to silence! Ignore us and we shall take your voice and bottle it for a year and a day!”
 
She made a snatching motion, to emphasize her point and Ryoka lost her words again. She had to replace them; she would never know what she had been about to say.
Wonderful. They were still petty.
