Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 0

The longest day of the year was a special moment.
A time of meetings. A time of power. Of magic.
On the day of the Summer Solstice, The Wandering Inn was filled with the grieving. A lost young woman who was neither dreaming, nor dead.
Disaster. And broken promises.
Lyonette had not left the inn. She had not gone for the great party in Riverfarm. This was not a time for parties. No one else had gone, either.
Maviola El was dead.
This day, the sun rose, burning with the colors of glory. A flame so distant. That burned all the brighter because one day, it too would go out.
It burned across more than one world.
This day was an important day.
 
—-
 
Daly Sullivan, no relation to the [Popstar] of Terandria, was in a bad mood today. He was restlessly checking the new, prototype steel-limb crossbow. Paige had installed sights.
Crossbows. He stared at it, listening to the aggrieved argument. He scratched at his arm and stared, for a second, at the bug bites covering his skin.
Over seventy on his body. He looked around and snapped.
“Someone toss me the bug balm, would you? I’m starting to itch again.”
Someone did. Daly cursed as he slathered the ointment on his skin. The rest of the Bushrangers were equally as chewed up. Their bug spray—in fact, charms—had gone dead during this last mission. They’d been eaten alive in the undergrowth while trying to remove an infestation of baby Hydras.
‘Baby’. Hah. Daly had been in a foul mood. And that was before trying to kill a regenerating monster, let alone dismember it until the flesh stopped regrowing.
At least they had bags of holding these days. Small mercies.
However, he was in a bad mood for more than just that reason. Someone was dead.
He did not know her. And yet—he knew her. The shock had not been followed by deep grieving. He had never spoken, actually, physically, spoken to Erin Solstice.
But she was from home. And she…
A foul mood had engulfed the Bushrangers, who were privy to some details of the classified information in the United Nations company. No one wanted to start keeping secrets, but leaking the fact that another Earther had died wasn’t great for morale. And that Joseph was actually from Earth and there were more?
Well, she might not be dead. But his dark mood continued. He heard it in the air as Dawson, Kami, Tofte, and the others aired their grievances. At last, Daly couldn’t stand it any longer.
“Oi. All of you, shut up and stop whinging.”
The others looked up, glaring his way. The Captain of the Bushrangers glared back, in no mood to be nice.
“What the fuck are you so mad about anyways, eh, Dawson? You’re mad because you didn’t get to haze Luan and the new recruits? Take that—shove it up your arse and jump in the harbor.”
“Come on, Daly. We’ve been fighting and adventuring for months. Luan just gets to stroll on in and—”
“Show all of you up? Looks like it. Me included.”
Daly scratched at another bite, irritably. Luan had gone off to get them treated by Geneva; he’d been worried one was infected.
He’d gotten eaten more than the others. A hundred bites, poor guy. But some healing potion or tonic would clear him up. Daly was only waiting to make sure he had no budding infection. Take the potion when you were in Geneva’s presence. Luan had first go at it.
No one was happy in the Bushrangers—at least, the ‘old guard’. Old guard, as if they had done this for years.
“It’s just not fair. We have Skills.”
“Oh yeah?”
