Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 14
That was all the serpent said at first. But her eyes were avaricious. Small or not, Pyrite had learned how to bring out a stone’s beauty. And small or not, she wanted them. Ryoka gulped, then made to put the stones away.
“If you don’t want them, milady—”
A hand caught hers. As swift as—and implacable in its grip.
“I did not say I did not want them.”
The smile was, predictably, needle-sharp. The guest loomed over Ryoka. She looked over the Wind Runner and then grinned.
“Sshall we play a game? The rules of hospitality shall be put aside for this. These are my conditions.”
She indicated the handful.
“Give me six, and I will answer one small question. Should you ask two, or what is worth more than your paltry gift, I will take what is owed.”
And here the stakes rose. Ryoka gritted her teeth. She saw the armored warriors watching. But the serpent had just bypassed the rules of hospitality.
“Won’t you offer me an answer without a game, milady?”
“No. Accept my terms or naught at all.”
She was smiling. It wasn’t the worst bet. Ryoka licked her lips. Just—just be careful.
“I accept.”
Instantly, the woman plucked six tokens from Ryoka’s hands. The Wind Runner put them away as she motioned.
“Ask, ask!”
She refused to be rushed. Ryoka took a breath. A small question. Anymore and she forfeited—she pondered her wording, and then went with it before she could lose her nerve.
“Are you a member of the Faerie King’s court, one who could ask him for a favor?”
The head regarded her. The lips twitched up.
“No. I am not.”
Ryoka hesitated. Then closed her lips. The serpentine woman came forwards.
“Give me the rest and I will let you ask another question. Go on. Give them to me, the precious little things.”
Ryoka did. They were snatched away. She was nearly scratched by a claw, but there were rules. And clearly—the woman had to hold to them. Ryoka took a breath. Small question—
“Then—can you help me with my quest?”
This time, the serpent looked at Ryoka and her expression was gloating.
“I cannot.”
The Wind Runner looked at her. And the guest laughed in her face. Ryoka felt her heart sink. Then what are you?
“What—”
Too late, she realized what she was doing and clamped her lips shut. The eyes flickered, and the woman looked slightly disappointed.
“Don’t you have another question for me?”
Ryoka kept her lips shut. Of course she did. Hundreds. The first being—but she would not ask. She took a shuddering breath, seeing the woman toying with the precious little baubles. It wasn’t anything. She’d narrowed it down. Ryoka forced a smile onto her face.
“Okay then. Thanks. Pleasure doing business with you—enjoy the party. Please don’t offer anyone else your deals. They do not understand, and thus it probably violates the rules of hospitality and the Faerie King’s laws against interfering with this world.”
She gave the woman a beaming, false smile. It quite took the guest of the fae aback. She hesitated, narrowed her eyes, and glowered at Ryoka. The Wind Runner was already walking backwards, afraid to turn her back until she was well out of range. The other two—
“…Wait. Don’t you want to know what I am?”
The woman addressed Ryoka. The young woman stopped. She smiled again, this time more genuinely.
“I’m fine. And the game is over, milady. I thank you for your answers.”
The serpent looked…she advanced.
“But you do not know what I am. And you surely wish to know.”
Ryoka did. She spoke honestly, from the heart.
