Solstice (Pt. 4)
Page 7
“We’ve been over this. Don’t start fretting. My, you panic about everything. Do I wash my hands?”
She snorted. Ryoka leaned out of the way of the spoon of wrath. She must have asked that. The woman waved a finger.
“This is hardly that food. If you meet the tricksters, don’t talk or take anything from them. But we could hardly all be getting about if all food was wondrous entrapments, could we?”
“I suppose that’s so. Um—t-thank you. Have I asked what you are?”
“Four times.”
“And did you answer?”
Twinkling eyes were her response. Ryoka looked around the room.
“It’s a lovely home you have here.”
“I made it of the biggest tree I could find, but it’s still somewhat small. But that’s perspective for you. If I wanted, it could be vast. But I like keeping it here. Now, tell me more about this world of yours.”
Ryoka did, or thought she did. Another minute passed and she was sitting up on a couch, apparently hand-stuffed. The fabric…leather? Some hide, soft. Comfortable as could be.
“I see. I see. You’re from that place. Such a terrible thing. No wonder they hunt you so. So Ivolethe must be one of the Winter Court. They seldom come here. Your breeze tugged you in both directions because you want to go in.”
“In?”
Ryoka leaned forwards. She blinked at the dishes she was washing. She must have insisted, because the woman was taking her ease, smoking a pipe as she watched.
“Of course. You came from the outer place. Gateways. The forest and city? Well, we’re closer, but you want to go at least one level further. That’s where the courts are.”
“By in, do you mean, a different level of…? Another plane? No—”
Blink. Ryoka had it, and wondered how long it had taken.
“Four minutes. You do know some things.”
Ah. She vocalized the answer.
“It’s all one plane. But instead of geographical distance, I’m travelling across areas. I need to go through the forest or city to get to the next spot.”
A beaming smile was her answer. Ryoka felt like she’d won a medal. The woman waved a paw.
“And now you’re rested and you have proper footwear for your journey! I’ll take you to the edge of the forest as well. All in less than ten minutes. Just as you wanted.”
Ryoka stood, and wondered if she had stayed here ten minutes or ten days. The woman seemed to be moving Ryoka through her time as she pleased. Perhaps that was for Ryoka’s benefit, but—
 
She stood, looking up at the two framed pictures. And knew they were not framed nor pictures. That was just how they saw them.
The sunlight was rising and her gracious hostess still abed. The Wind Runner looked up at them and then realized she had slept in the little one’s rooms.
“Then…”
“Yes, my dear. Even we die. Just not of age.”
Ryoka spun, guiltily. Her hostess was looking at her, tiredly from the opening. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to—”
The Wind Runner spoke nervously. The woman shook her head as she walked past the two books Ryoka had read yesterday.
“I invited you into my home, Miss Ryoka Griffin. Now, rest. You must rest. You ran further than you know, from the cold folk. One more day…”
But as she looked up at Ryoka, the young woman knew her welcome was—
 
Memory flooded back. Ryoka looked at the stranger.
“Nama?”
Nama the…hostess…smiled.
“I knew you’d figure out how to remember your stay. Sooner rather than later. Some never remember.”
“I don’t know how I can repay your hospitality. Will you take something, at least? Gold? Potions?”
“Ah.”
The eyes lit up. Ryoka saw a moment of greed, or perhaps, simply desire in the woman’s eyes at last.
“Now those are things of value. Don’t give them away so lightly.”
