Solstice (Pt. 3)
Page 6
They followed that, and she gulped a healing potion desperately. Tossed down a scent-bomb—confused the baying animals. Then a thought struck her and she grabbed at her belt.
She had gear from her world! Maybe it was not the stuff of legends, but she had brought it here. And had they ever…?
A snarling figure twice as tall as she was crashed through branches. Ryoka threw the vial at it; heard glass shatter. She heard a howl and shouts as the stink-bomb detonated.
Ryoka didn’t turn to see if the creature had been stopped. If it hadn’t, she died in the next step.
She did not. She heard more howling, crashes moving towards her position. She ran and ran—
And then lost them.
What? Yes! Somehow, during the chase, she sensed them going off-track. Following the wrong trail. The pursuers of winter…lost her.
“That’s impossible.”
But the air was warming. Ryoka panted by a ring of toadstools in the forest floor. Faerie circle. She wanted to giggle at it. She peered around—but her pursuers had lost her.
The wild hunt? Maybe they were the ‘less-successful hunt’, because that did not square with the legends!
Either that or someone had really overhyped how good they were. Or had they never tracked quarry in their own lands? Never expected her to throw a stink bomb? Something else? Ivolethe?
Ryoka realized the wind had been blowing her scent away. Perhaps she had had help. She stopped either way, panting, clutching at her heart.
She did not know how far she’d run. Only that she was deep in this forest. So deep, the sky was…
…Sort of visible through the canopy. The trees were maybe sixty feet high? Ryoka squinted up at them. Sorta tall.
“Not very tall at all. Weird.”
Was this not the forest of the fae? Maybe it was a new place, like the city. Guest, Sikeri had been called. But Ryoka heard some cautious animals emerging. She saw the same white rabbit hop out of the trees and regard her, nose twitching nervously.
“This is so strange. Why are the trees so small? And…?”
The pursuers had been terrifying, what Ryoka had caught of them. But no more so than half the things that had ever tried to kill her. The horn dreadful, the giant wolf-hound a match for any Carn Wolf…
But only a match? Sixty-foot high trees? Ryoka craned her neck upwards. She was sure she was deep in the forest. But she had seen its limits even from afar.
“Is this really the world of the fae or are they messing with me?”
The thing was…Ryoka had expected many things of Avalon. The land of faeries. But this? This was just underwhelming. There were bigger trees on Earth! That was a rabbit! It looked like…well, a rabbit. There were Waisrabbits in the other world.
How to differentiate the three? Earth—the land of the fae and…the world where Erin was.
Innworld, then. Ryoka decided for simplicity’s sake. She could have called it any number of things, but that fit.
Innworld was grander in places than the land of the fae. Ryoka walked onwards, catching her breath, listening for the sounds of the hunt, but she really felt, well, safe. This place was too tame. Where was Ivolethe’s majesty, the flashes of the immortal she had seen while walking with her friend? The power to call avalanches in the winter? To freeze the High Passes?
Was this it? Was there no magic even here?
The young woman looked around, about ready to cry. She had just expected…the little ring of mushrooms, the underwhelming trees around her were the only things she saw. She looked at the rabbit.
“I just expected something more. Sorry.”
