Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 11
They shouted her name, but that was not her…name. Just what Ryoka had come to think of her as. She heard Ivolethe’s true name, or a whisper of it behind the meaning in her mind and shivered.
“Ivolethe?”
“Time enough for names and all that later. Come, come.”
The faerie dragged Ryoka back the way they’d come. Ryoka feared they would run out of time. But the Winter Fae stopped and smiled back at Ryoka.
“My friend. Do you remember the lesson I taught you? Tell me. How do you fly?”
The Wind Runner stopped. Her heart leapt.
“You step into the sky—”
Her feet left the ground. Ryoka Griffin cried out in shock. But Ivolethe just laughed. And her laughter was magic. She took Ryoka’s hand.
And all that had passed before became the journey. This?
This was the wonder at the end of the rainbow. The moment she had won. Ryoka left the ground and flew after Ivolethe.
The eternal summer sky over the old worlds turned grey. Dark—but not depressing. Below, the peoples who had come to the land of the fae from their homes looked up.
Snowflakes began falling from the sky. Fat, billowing down, as the wind blew. And among the sky, two figures flew over the land.
Ivolethe let go of Ryoka and she was floating. Flying, without aid of the wind. Wonderingly, she flew after Ivolethe as the fae dove.
This was not the power of the wind. This…was a dream. The truest magic. Ryoka only had to think and she dove, skimming across the ground.
She saw all the way she had come flash past in a moment. The three sisters, hissing angrily up at her. The Phoenix, flying and raising a wing.
And the Wild Hunt. They were returning to the Court of the Fae. They looked up as Ryoka halted in the air. The hounds bayed. The warriors raised their weapons.
But they did not strike her down. They saluted her, the quarry who escaped. And they bowed to Ivolethe. She laughed as she flew over them, urging Ryoka onwards. The wind howled around them, delighting in the company, but Ryoka did not feel the chill.
The farmers and village people of memory pointed up to her as she flew overhead. Ryoka gaped down at them with much the same expression on her face.
Flying. This was Ivolethe’s power. Ryoka stared at her friend, flitting through the air as nimbly as she had as a Frost Faerie in the other world.
“Ivolethe. Who are you?”
The fae turned, laughing.
“I’m the same person I have always been. Your friend! Come—I see your protector. There! You met one of them?”
She stared. Ryoka gazed down. And there was Nama.
The little hostess blinked up, and smiled as Ivolethe alighted on the ground lightly in front of her. Ryoka realized the fae was barefoot too. Ivolethe bowed slightly.
“Ah, they call you Nama, do they not?”
“And your little friend calls you Ivolethe. Well met.”
Nama smiled as she saw Ryoka.
“You found her, child.”
“I did. Thank you, Nama. Ivolethe and I came back to say thank you. Truly.”
“Yes. We did. On behalf of the Winter Court, I thank you, Nama. You have done much for my foolish friend. Is there aught you desire for this deed?”
Ivolethe swept a more formal bow, which surprised Ryoka. She was speaking to…something much higher than Nama’s head. The little furry woman raised the spoon as she adjusted her apron.
“It was a pleasant thing. I ask for nothing but the memory of it.”
The fae nodded slowly.
“Then I thank you twice. As does my friend.”
She nudged Ryoka. The young woman started.
“Thank you so much, Nama.”
She blushed. She’d been trying to figure out—the woman smiled at her. Nama’s furry paws grasped Ryoka’s for a second.
