Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 18
She spoke, and listened to the rustling reply. And the evening began to turn to night. Time was passing. And the glowing figure at the center of the Summer Court laughed with his kin, dancing, making merry.
Waiting.
It had been such a long time. Not just for them.
For the others.
 
—-
 
A man sat in front of Aaron Vanwell. He was looking at his hands. At his legs. At the seat upon which he sat.
He inhaled. And he smiled.
“It has been too long.”
His eyes opened. And Aaron saw something like stars in the depths of his irises. Color within color.
He was much like Aaron remembered. But more—concrete. Aaron had tried to look up pictures of old [Archmages]. But he had not remembered…anything more than the vaguest of impressions.
This time was different. The personage before him was indeed dressed like…
A [Mage]? No, no, that was the wrong thing to think. He had the same stylings. A long robe, delicate limbs, the build of a man who might spend hours in a library rather than elsewhere. Even spectacles.
But he was no [Mage] in purity. Rather, they were copies of the idea of him.
Before Aaron sat a scholar. A historian. A teacher, a professor, and yes, a mage, a scientist—
The purest quill of all these things. He had no beard, but was clean-shaven. His smile was secretive.
He belonged to Wistram. Or Wistram belonged to him. Every time his lips moved, it was as if a thousand secrets were held behind them, just waiting to be heard. You wanted to listen to him…forever.
He spoke again, sighing. Delighted by the sigh.
“Too long indeed, Aaron Vanwell. But you have done exactly as I asked. Our pact has been honored. For that, and what will come after, I thank you.”
The guest smiled and held out a hand. As before, so now. Aaron grasped it gently.
“You helped me too, sir.”
The touch was light. But the grip firmed, with delicate strength. The stranger stared into Aaron’s eyes.
“Not sir.”
“I’m sorry?”
“My name. You know it. Speak it for me.”
The voice was longing, insistent—and Aaron could not look away. He murmured it.
“Emerrhain.”
A sigh. The grip loosened. Aaron felt a tingle run up his arms, down his spine. The stranger, Emerrhain, smiled.
“Thank you.”
Aaron opened and closed his mouth. Emerrhain sat there, looking around. Eyes alighting on all things.
A small sculpture of Cognita. Books of magic. Wands, parts of his mage armor, little sample gears from Pallass—each and every thing he took delight in.
“What fascination. What wondrous shapes that fit together. Folk have always made such things and I know every pattern. But this! This is beyond what any have crafted in this world.”
He chuckled as he regarded the gears, discarding them, and picked up Aaron’s iPhone. He marveled at the construction, the circuitry.
“You were interested in it last time, weren’t you…sir?”
For some reason, it was hard to use his name. Aaron defaulted to ‘sir’. He frowned.
“But I thought you would have had time to investigate. After all—”
You’ve been here for half a year, haven’t you? But he had not seen his mentor since. The man turned.
“I told you then, Aaron. We would meet today. From that pact alone, certainty flows. Tell me now; have I not done as promised?”
“You have.”
It was he who had given Aaron the passphrase that opened the secret rooms. He who had helped Aaron figure out the link between magic and batteries. He who…
Had warned him about Feor. Emerrhain had known many things, some of which required an intimate knowledge of present events. The passphrase was one thing. But now?
