Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 2
Had he been taking lessons from Ken? Or listening in? Or perhaps that was just Luan. The others fell silent as he bade farewell and jogged out the door. Heading to the harbor. Daly rubbed at an arm, thought he saw a strange, subtle bump under his flesh and stood up.
“Okay. Everyone, pipe down and let’s draw lots who’s getting into Geneva next. Last person picked, we’ll give them a mercy by letting them set themselves on fire.”
The others clustered around. Tofte moaned.
“I hate this continent. Why can’t we take aquatic jobs with Luan?”
“Crelers in the water, Tofte.”
“I hate this world.”
 
—-
 
Luan jogged down to the harbor where his boat was in storage. He paid the [Harbormistress] his rental fee; he’d already gotten a juicy delivery request. Gold, for an experimental scroll in Talenqual. He was going to drop off some of Geneva’s pre-made cures in their doses at the same time.
He’d meant what he said to Daly. Endless respect for his group. Enough that he didn’t mind the hazing; he’d had it done before in other groups. Plus—they’d failed.
He got into his boat, looking around for [Bounty Hunters]. But he’d gotten sharp and no one had really noticed he was in the city as far as he could tell. The Bushrangers had arrived before dawn today and headed straight for the clinic.
Quickly, Luan got in the boat and began to, well, row. Two strokes and he was shooting past an incoming ship. The [Captain] of the low-riding cutter whistled as he saw the City Runner flash past.
“Now that’s a fast boat! Who’s that Sea Runner?”
“Luan the Rower. Talenqual.”
“Write him down—are those enchanted oars?”
Luan grinned as he passed out of earshot. Not enchanted. Just skill. Just practice. Just Earth technology and magic, making the boat and equipment light as—if not lighter—than the top-of-the-line stuff from his world.
And Skills. He skimmed out of the harbor, moving faster than any other craft, even those with magic wind in their sails. They waved at him, and the [Rower] raised one hand for a second, calling out.
He felt safer now. Once he had a head start, the [Bounty Hunters] usually gave up. Luan sighed as he left the jungle-swamps of Talenqual’s land behind and headed into the rivers and sea. No less dangerous; there were giant crocodiles, sea monsters, sea-[Raiders], and yes, Crelers in the water.
But it beat leeches under your skin. He shuddered and checked his gear. Crossbow, a few artifacts—a map, and so on. Luan began to row, using a magical compass as a guide, and mirrors to check around him.
However…he never noticed the group trailing him. Because the second craft was invisible.
 
—-
 
…And then Ryoka Griffin woke up.
She had been dreaming. Unhappy dreams, nightmares, amid the nonsensical ones. Of running. Of Ferin.
Of falling. Even in her dreams, she knew she had to make it. She was crawling along the ground, fighting for every inch of ground. And she knew not how far—or how much longer.
She had to make it.
In her sleep, the young woman had been straining so hard the rest of the world seemed far off. She was reaching for the vial. Trying to lift it upwards. Only—it wasn’t Tyrion Veltras who reached for it. It was Mrsha.
Then Lyonette, face disapproving. Erin—
Ivolethe.
A voice spoke, as Ryoka was fumbling with bloody fingers. Ferin was trying to capture it with a loop of wire. It didn’t really make sense—but she was knocking it aside as it sliced off her fingers with its sharpness, trying to pick up—
“Pick up what?”
Someone asked. Ryoka had no answer. The voice was curious.
“You nearly died, didn’t you?”
