Solstice (Pt. 3)
Page 1
The flower. Of all of them, it was the grandest. Not the tallest. Not even the brightest. Or even the most beautiful.
But it was the flower of flowers. Two, in fact. A twining thing of two profusions. One was radiant, the other subdued, but no less resplendent for it. Bright and soft. Cool and blazing.
Summer and winter? Ryoka felt something dripping from her cheeks.
Tears? She touched at them. They were coming from her eyes. She wept, to see the flower.
And she did not know why. Not yet. Only—Ryoka stayed a moment, staring at the flower growing on this hill. She wept. Then bowed, and continued onwards.
Into the land of the fae. Avalon, some called it. Was it the same place talked of in so many stories? Was it dangerous, or simply a heaven? Had she died to get here?
Where was her friend? Would she find a way to bring Erin back?
The questions bore Ryoka onwards. She walked down the hill, into the grass. And realized that there were roads.
Roads, made of dirt or stone or perhaps even metal, stretching from each hill to form a path. Endless this place might be, but there was a road.
And it led towards other parts of this land. Ryoka felt off-balance. She realized as well; she felt that dream-like quality heightening with each step.
This was the realm of the fae. And rules and everything were different here. Or was this a trick? Ryoka experimentally pinched herself.
“…Doesn’t hurt, much. Uh oh.”
Had Melidore beaten her? Ryoka’s eyes grew wide with alarm. She did not know she’d succeeded, after all! She looked around. Surely, if this was the land of the fae, it would be even more grand? The hills were numerous and strange. But this did not seem to her to be immediately the land of myth and legend.
“If I’m dreaming—”
Ryoka clenched a fist. Her right hand, with two missing fingers. She hesitated.
Then punched herself hard in the stomach. Ryoka doubled up. She sank to her knees.
“F—f—”
Some of the lightheadedness faded. Ryoka curled up for a second. She’d hit herself as hard as she could.
“I’m here. That was—”
Refreshingly stupid. But it helped. The pain drove away some of her mind struggling to take everything in at once. Ryoka stood up, still clutching her gut. Focus. Focus.
The facts. Assume she was in a survival situation. That—that—
She had never actually struggled to gain her footing in…in…in the other world like Erin had. Ryoka had jogged into a city, Celum, and thus been spared Erin’s struggles. She had sometimes wondered how she would have done if she’d been in Erin’s place. Gotten roasted in the first five minutes by annoying Teriarch, probably.
But here? Ryoka looked around again. Ignore the hills, the flowers, the gates. You could be hypnotized by staring at them and she had no…
No time? Ryoka glanced up at the sky. Wait a second.
It was midday here. It wasn’t seconds before nightfall. The sun shone down across a blue sky, so beautiful that it hurt. Vast without limit. But it was midday.
“Time is different here. Or did it take a day to arrive?”
Ryoka shook her head. She glanced over her shoulder. Surely not. Behind her lay the gate where she had come through. And unless she’d somehow broken it—a bunch of fae lay in the world beyond.
A bunch of angry, really pissed off fae including Melidore. Ryoka gulped. The warriors of the faerie king. Would they pursue her even after she’d gone through into their realm?
Definitely. Melidore surely would. And Sikeri?
