Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 20
“Sometimes we have to risk our lives. I did so for the chance to meet my friend! Isn’t it right to fight for what is just? When evil comes, will you simply turn away and hide here?”
Ivolethe’s smile vanished. The King of Chivalry hesitated. The young King raised a gauntleted hand.
“Miss Ryoka. I would watch your words.”
A buzzing filled the air. The Court of the Fae’s eyes narrowed. Ryoka blinked as their surprise turned to wrath.
“You dare to accuse us of cowardice? Us?”
The Summer Fae hissed at her, his eyes blazing. Ryoka gulped.
“I only meant—this cause—”
“Your petty, mortal cause? A single life? Should we march from our realm and bear arms for your war? Theirs?”
The soldiers flinched as a fae furiously pointed, her garments of frost shimmering in the fading day. She spat at Ryoka’s feet and frost bloomed around the spot.
“How many times, mortal? How many times should we do so? We have marched ten thousand ten thousand times for your ends of the world. Our kin have sacrificed themselves time and again for mortal friends. Do you think you are the first? We worry for Ivolethe because we fear what she will do for one life!”
Another piece of puzzle at the sudden wrath. Ryoka backed away.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
She whispered. The angry court of the fae advanced on her—then the wrath ceased, abruptly.
“You did not.”
The frozen fae, Eniav, shook her head slightly. Incredulously. She looked at Ryoka.
“You come from that world and you—no. Go. Go. I pardon you the insult once. Go. And see properly this time. Then, ponder what you ask Ivolethe to do.”
Her wrath had faded abruptly. Turning to sadness and realization. The others looked at Ryoka, and pointed.
“Go.”
They spoke. Ryoka stumbled back. She saw Ivolethe looking at Eniav, nodding her head, as if in thanks for sparing Ryoka.
“Let us go, Ryoka. It is time you saw.”
 
—-
 
The day was coming to its end. And all that had been wrought—began where it ended.
Amid the gateways on the hills. And the blooms among the hilltops.
Ryoka flew back the way she’d come, blurring past the city and leaving all those she had met behind in an instant. And like stories—she realized something had been leading her into the land of the fae only so she could return.
Because the answer had been in front of her the entire time. She had walked past it.
The hills were there. Each one with menhirs, giant primitive stones like Stonehenge. Gateways to another place at the right time.
“The lands of the fae connect to all realms. Well—some gateways break. Some have no magic for them.”
Ivolethe pointed out a hill where the stones had fallen, the portals breaking. Ryoka saw the soldiers in the distance, making for their home. She raised a hand and they did likewise.
“In times long past, all folks came here. This was a place of great meetings. Danger—always danger, but it was so filled that on this day countless hilltops would be alive. Children would stumble deep into the lands of the fae. Travellers likewise! Heroes on great journeys! And even…gods.”
Ryoka jerked at the soft word. Ivolethe held up a hand.
“From other worlds. You understand?”
“I…I think I do. But there’s something I’m missing. This place is a refuge, now. Something terrible has happened. Why are no faeries born?”
“You know. Put it together. Here we are, Ryoka Griffin. As Eniav said. Look and see.”
Where it all began.
The hilltop where Ryoka and Ivolethe alighted was as Ryoka remembered it. And she had noticed something, the first time she looked around.
