Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 12
She sat down for a second. The sullen [Lord] looked at her, glaring.
“I am a [Lord] of House Veltras! She insulted me! I was defending my honor!”
He was mad because he was right. His father always said to be a proud [Lord], but he was only angry now. Neither he nor Jericha had said more than Sammial was very foolish! The [Lord] was hopping mad and looking for Hethon to punch back.
Ryoka on the other hand just stared at Sammy blankly.
“You’re a [Lord]? So what? She could have bitten half your face off before Jericha or your father did a thing, or kicked your skull out of your skin. Don’t be stupid.”
The boy hesitated. This was not how adults normally talked to him.
“…She wouldn’t have done that.”
Ryoka gave him a long look that said ‘yes’. She sighed, and wiped sweat off her brow as she pointed back at the Satyr.
“They’re more important than you are. More important than me—or your father. You should be bowing to them. Think of it like that.”
Sammy’s jaw dropped. He stared at the fae.
“But they’re not! Are they?”
“Treat them like they are. Now, I saved you once. I’m not going to be able to do it again. Either promise to behave, or I’ll ask Jericha to lock you in one of Riverfarm’s houses.”
She glared at him. Belatedly, Sammial realized she had done all that for him and remembered his manners.
“Thank you for saving me, Miss Ryoka Griffin. I promise to behave.”
He muttered sullenly. Ryoka smiled briefly. She rose and stretched out her legs.
“You’re welcome. Do that again and I’ll hit you.”
“But I’m a [Lord] and you’re a Runner!”
Sammy protested. Ryoka stared at him again as if he had goat’s horns growing out of his head.
“So? I have a hand, too. Everyone does. Remember that. If you’re going to make people mad, you’d better have Jericha, at least. Now, I have to go.”
She trotted off with those words of wisdom in Sammial’s head. He’d never thought of it like that. He looked at Lady Bethal as she passed, laughing and wanting to try the tricks with Thomast, remembered the stories about her, and edged away.
Ryoka was panting after that moment. But she was glad she’d been there. She doubted the Satyr would have been kind. And no kid deserved to be hurt.
Well—but no. Not spanked, much less beaten. Or whatever the fae might have done. Sammy reminded her of herself. And if anyone had thought you could beat bad habits out of children, they’d have killed her long before anything changed.
People had done just that…
Ryoka shook her head. Then she realized—she was only a few steps away from one of her targets. The moment with Sammial and the Satyr had helped her, for the figure had stopped and looked back.
One of three. Ryoka stiffened. Her bare feet slowed upon the grass.
The eyes fixed her in place. Slitted pupils.
Depthless eyes. Ryoka felt like she was falling through the depths of them. Falling—falling deeper. She cried out, but the sound was lost.
She fell, through the air. Into a liquid made of the eyes. Deeper.
The Wind Runner gasped as the eyes shifted away from her. And that had been just a look. She looked again and saw—for a moment—an outline of something—
And then it was gone. And all that remained was the guest. She looked different. It was hard to focus on her.
Because it was not entirely her. Just a reflection on the waters. The young woman realized it in a flash of understanding. The Satyr was real. But this?
For all that, Ryoka made out more details as she stumbled forwards. She was…a Drake? No, like a cross between a serpent and a Drake.
