Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 5
An artificial glow illuminated the dark landscape. One of the figures turned—and Ryoka heard a crackle. She saw the other five react. Three brought up something in their hands. Ryoka stared and her jaw dropped as she saw the flickering visors. The machined armor. The guns—
She dove a second before they discharged. Flashes of light burned across the dis—
Pew, pew! The little toy guns emitted the blasting sound and light flashed across Ryoka’s torso. She landed and the figures panicked.
“Another one! Keep firing!”
They took cover behind the little rock, toy guns blazing at her. Ryoka got up shakily. She did not try to change perspectives.
It looked like six…adults…in plastic toy costumes. They were shooting at her, shouting with the crackle of a radio in the background as their toy guns played little lights off Ryoka’s torso.
“No effect! Commander—”
“Fall back! Fall back to Rally Point 12!”
They got out behind their boulder and started running. Ryoka stared at them.
“No fucking way. Hey! Hey!”
She ran after them. They were fast. Well-trained, and they all looked like soldiers. One turned around, saw Ryoka, and pulled—
She flinched as the plastic grenade landed next to her and exploded into confetti. The others kept running, shouting about ‘hit—no effect!’ On a hunch, Ryoka switched back to—
The dirt was still showering down and she jumped back from the glowing, red-hot crater of superheated stone and dirt—Ryoka saw plumes of smoke from the broken landscape. She saw another glowing flash—
“Holy shit!”
Ryoka ducked. A nerf-gun pellet bounced off her chest. Was that a missile? She stared down at it shakily. Then she saw the others fleeing.
No way. But…they stared over their shoulders as Ryoka ran after them, shouting.
“It’s catching up to us at maximum velocity, Commander!”
“Hold! Turn and switch to close quarters weapons!”
They whirled and drew…plastic knives. Ryoka saw behind the visors, distinctly alien features—she held up her hands.
“Whoa! Hold on! Listen! I’m not going to hurt you!”
The six froze. One of them adjusted his helmet.
“—Can’t make it out, Commander. Sounds like some kind of sonic-based language. I can translate—”
“Doesn’t look dangerous. But we can’t tell.”
“Lower your weapons!”
The leader of the six held up an authoritative hand. Ryoka was scratching her head. She really wanted to switch back—but she had a feeling she’d gotten lucky those two times. If this was real—these people were packing serious firepower.
Which appeared to her to be toy guns and Halloween-costume armor. Which made sense if it was…
“Hey. Um. You. Can you understand me?”
She pointed at one of the figures, who jerked slightly. It raised a hand.
“Hold on. I don’t have enough of a sample, Commander. It’s definitely trying to communicate…”
Were they stupid or something? Or…Ryoka’s eyes narrowed. They all had big moon landing-type helmets on. She kept hearing the crackle of radios. She was certain this was all an…analogy to what they really were, but no one else had been unable to hear her.
On a hunch, she strode forwards, hands raised. Instantly, three of them brought up their guns.
Pew, pew! Light harmlessly played across her chest.
“Back up! Back—”
Ryoka grabbed the figure she’d pointed at and yanked the helmet off. He flailed at her, stabbing her six times with the plastic knife.
“Ow. Ow. Stop that, would you?”
She yanked off the helmet and shouted at the figure. If he’d gone hand-to-hand he would have hurt her. He was taller than she was, and she saw pale orange skin, some strange horizontal…were they even eyes?
He jerked back, shouting in alarm.
