Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 15
“He is…about my station. Once, he was of both courts. These days? He only walks among the Summer Fae. He does not wish to visit your world in winter.”
Ryoka whistled.
“Really. But he was so powerful. Er—no offense, Ivolethe.”
Her glare told Ryoka she took all the offense. She put her hands on her hips.
“He took his form. I took the form of ice and magic. It was far weaker. Do I look weaker than Melidore here?”
She pointedly looked around. Snow began falling once more. Ryoka raised her hands.
“No, no! You’re—amazing. Magnificent.”
“Yes.”
The Wind Runner hesitated. She lifted a finger.
“…But Ivolethe. I have to bring this up. I—carried you around in my pocket! I fed you snacks!”
She looked at the Winter Fae, who answered only to the Faerie King, and tried to conflate her with the petty little Winter Sprite who ate wasps and such and begged for treats. Ivolethe stared at Ryoka. Her mouth worked a few times in puzzlement.
“Ryoka. Answer me something, honestly. D’you not want to sit in a great huge blanket and eat snacks the size of your head all day?”
The young woman thought about this.
“I envy you so much.”
 
—-
 
As their day drew onwards, their talk became more serious. Ryoka told Ivolethe of Erin’s condition and her history. The Frost Faerie was puzzled.
“Why did you come to this world for a cure for her? Your world has more miracles and tonics to revive her than this.”
“Really? More than the land of the fae?”
Ivolethe shrugged.
“More easily accessed, shall we say. You want a cure for death? There are many! But do you think they are easily gotten? Your world is…cheaper.”
That seemed like a polite way of saying it had wholesale miracles. Ryoka remembered how Nama had taken three healing potions as a gift.
“So my world…”
“The rules are bent in ways few are. Or do you think Skills make sense?”
Ivolethe’s eyes glinted. Ryoka nodded slowly.
“Will you tell me about why that is?”
“No. It is dangerous.”
“Even now?”
“If you got back home—yes. And you are smart enough to know a bit of why that is.”
Ryoka did. Or she had suspicions. Ivolethe changed the subject abruptly.
“Before we think of ways to cure that fool Erin who danced in front of crossbows, let us talk about your failings, Ryoka.”
“Which ones?”
Ivolethe spun. She sniffed Ryoka, pointedly jabbing her in the neck and then plucking at her hair.
“You met a Witch. The Witch of Witches, who has in her nature the same immortality as a Dragon’s get. And you did not instantly run off? You also consorted with Vampires? Oh, the most safest of beings to deal with! And you cured one of their sickness!”
She screamed happily in Ryoka’s ear. She was enjoying chastising Ryoka. The Wind Runner was too, a bit.
“I did it for you! You daft cunt!”
Ryoka saw Ivolethe recoil. And then the Winter Fae started laughing. So did Ryoka. After a moment, Ivolethe leapt up.
“You could not stay away from immortal folk for two seconds, eh? Well, the Vampire child sounds less dangerous than the Witch.”
That reminded Ryoka. She raised a finger.
“Also a Djinni. Karsaeu-Dequoa wants to tell you that she misses you.”
Ivolethe sighed.
“And we they. Poor slaves, they are. Fine. Ye met some of the old folk and acquitted yourself well. Sometimes.”
She raised an admonishing finger as she looked at Ryoka.
“But you don’t have enough caution! You are too weak to survive their wrath, for all you court their amusement and affection! Like a minnow who keeps the company of whales, ye are. For that matter—hm. Don’t take off yer clothes. But turn around. Open your mouth. Stick out your tongue.”
