Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 45
The Wyrm was gone. The representative of Sikeri smugly tossed the torn carpet down. Ryoka looked up at her as the wind went dead.
“You will replace that, Sikeri’val.”
Melidore’s eyes flashed. The Wyrm quailed, but her sidelong look was triumphant. It was the fae who had caught the three plummeting mortals with the wind.
“My carpet?”
The [Lord] stared at his broken artifact. Sikeri was glowering even as she seemed to hunt around in her pockets. Ieka just sat up, looked at all the way they’d fallen, and vomited onto the ground.
Ryoka stared at the spewing lady. At the smug Wyrm. She looked up.
The door was closing. Tears sprang into her eyes. She couldn’t help it.
“You—you—you suck.”
There weren’t words in any language for how much she hated Sikeri at that moment. The Wyrm was triumphant. Ryoka looked around. All of that! All of it for what?
They’d all fought so hard. But Dawil was lying on the ground, groaning. Thomast had dropped his sundered blade. Two of the warriors turned towards her, and Durene was at her limit.
Done. Done. So many people! So many moments! For this? Did it not matter? Why hadn’t he helped? Silver Pine just watched Ryoka.
“When I needed you most, why didn’t you help? I can’t beat that alone! That—that snake bitch!”
Ryoka pointed at Sikeri. The serpentine lady hissed back at her. It wasn’t fair! It was never fair! It was wrong to think the fae gave chances.
The Wind Runner stared up at the mile-high door to the land of the fae. Tears running down her cheeks. She looked at the closing doorway, the fae holding it open. At Silver Pines who had not helped.
Her tears…slowed. Sikeri’s triumphant grin wavered. Melidore turned.
Ryoka Griffin’s legs began to move. She began to run. The two warriors burst into a run of their own. But the barefoot runner ran. Sprinted forwards. She passed Sikeri, who reached out—
And Silver Pine caught her. Ryoka ran. Shoving fae aside. Punching one as she jumped. Hearing the laughter of the Satyr. Cheers.
Towards the fae holding the gateway. Just two hands pressed together in a rectangle, moving apart as the last rays of sun faded. The fae grinned.
Ryoka’s head turned. She looked at Melidore, straight in the eyes. Then around at the wondrous fae, the immortals.
“You all really suck.”
The Wind Runner leapt for the true doorway. The warriors grabbed for her, and Melidore’s howl split the world for a second.
But too late. The faerie yanked her hands apart. The guests of the party, Laken Godart, Tyrion Veltras, panting, Durene, Silver Pine, the fae, Ieka, Bethal—everyone turned.
Ryoka Griffin was gone.
 
—-
 
It was done. The cheering that erupted afterwards was matched only by the roar of fury from Melidore and Sikeri. But it was done!
She had entered another world! The exuberance of the guests was blown away by the fae’s response. They went practically mad, screaming and dancing and shouting.
 
“She did it! After so long! A mortal has done it!”
 
The fae cartwheeled and leapt, overturning tables, laughing, crying out. They celebrated Ryoka’s triumph!
The sun set. Tyrion Veltras, panting, realized his opponent had lowered his blade. He stared at the cuts on the Shield of House Veltras. Felt his arm burning.
But Ryoka was gone. He had helped her, at last, truly. He only hoped there was a way back. He had no idea what lay beyond. What perils she might endure.
Yet this longest day ended in triumph. In hope! Tyrion straightened as his sons ran towards him, shouting in awe, pointing at where Ryoka had been.
“Father! Father! Did you see? It was just the fingers! Like this!”
