Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 19
“Arthur. I don’t think I can give you something to take with you. And I’m afraid of the…consequences if I could give you a note. But maybe…you could give me something?”
She proffered a square of white cardboard and a quill. The boy blinked at it. Ryoka held them out.
“May I have your autograph, Arthur? So I can show it to people and tell them what you wanted to do wherever I go?”
It was just a silly thing. Ryoka felt embarrassed just as she asked. But Arthur looked—pleased. He glanced over his shoulder at the place the two older Kings had been.
“Don’t you want one from them? They are the King of Chivalry. I’m just Arthur at this moment.”
Ryoka smiled. She didn’t know how to resolve the angst of doomed fate or failure—much less how to be a good friend. But she did know how to cheer a kid up. She shook her head.
“I’m sure it’s worth the most. For here is the boy who could be the King of Chivalry.”
His eyes brightened. And a true smile touched his lips. Arthur took the quill, and dipped it into the inkpot. He wrote on the cardboard.
It could have taken seconds, or hours. He labored on it. When he handed it back, Ryoka saw a splendid signature crossing the page. More artful than mere lettering.
“There you are. It’s not very good. I’m just learning my letters. But it looks nice, doesn’t it?”
Arthur looked up at her anxiously. Ryoka smiled and nodded.
“I’ll treasure it forever. Thank you, your Majesty.”
He beamed at her. Ryoka wondered what Welsh scholars would have made of that handwriting. She neglected to tell Arthur she couldn’t read the signature.
She was saying goodbye when she realized the two other Kings were standing beside her. Both of their arms were folded. Ryoka jumped.
The two Arthurs were staring at Ryoka. Haughtily. Time being what it was—the commander already had a stick and was swishing it about, talking about ‘unknown composite substances’ with her team. The oldest Arthur coughed.
“Have you no need for the signature of the King of Albion, Miss?”
Ryoka hesitated. The boy Arthur looked downcast. Ryoka produced two more cardboard pieces and the quill and inkpot.
“…Can I have one for some friends? Multiple, actually.”
She turned, and winked at the boy. And he laughed. Ryoka reflected that…she really should have waited for the three Wyrm sisters to throw more stuff at her.
She wondered what that handbag had been.
 
—-
 
“You will drive your friend against the king of these lands, Ryoka Griffin. And she will never prevail against his wrath. She has already done too much. Tell her enough.”
After saying goodbye to the King of Chivalry and shaking the hands of each, Ryoka found the fae waiting. Ivolethe was standing apart, arms folded. Ryoka slowed.
“I would—but we’re friends. And she won’t be punished…that much?”
The fae raised their eyebrows. Ivolethe scowled at Ryoka.
“Ignore them. They know nothing of sacrifice!”
“She will not get away lightly. And believe us—even we suffer. Even we die!”
A male of the Summer Court warned Ryoka. The Wind Runner hesitated. She looked back at Ivolethe. Then she grew angry.
“Well, maybe I need help! Ivolethe is going to help me bring back my friend. My friend, who once nearly stole Excalibur from the grave of the King of Chivalry! My friend, who defends Goblins and once led an army of them! Who entertained your kin, sir! Erin Solstice! Remember her name! If you knew her, you would help too and damn the consequences!”
The Kings, the aliens, and the fae blinked as Ryoka pointed back the way she’d come. Ivolethe smiled.
