Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 36
From distant Chandrar. As far north as could be. Even in the dark chamber far underground where the Blighted King stood with the [Mages] in front of the completed ritual spell.
They all felt it. They saw it.
High overhead—
The sun went out.
It was fast. Luan saw the shadow sweep across the world. He looked up, shading his eyes—
“What the?”
He saw a celestial body cross the sun. One of the moons! It was—
 
—-
 
“An eclipse! Sire! The moment is now! Do we—”
“Begin the ritual.”
The Blighted King spoke. The [Mages] drew on their power. The ritual called for an eclipse. It was—
 
—-
 
“Nothing to worry about, everyone! Just an eclipse.”
Ryoka heard Barelle the Bard speaking as she stumbled back towards the party. There was still light of course; everything was just thrown into shadow. And indeed, it was a fast eclipse.
No one panicked. This was not a primitive people who saw this as some horrible celestial event. They had seen eclipses before.
It was almost a letdown. Almost. Across the world, people shaded their eyes, noting the eclipse. Would you look at that? The King of Destruction shaded his eyes and ordered a charge.
A few [Mages] felt magic fluctuate, altering their spells. But only the Blighted Kingdom used this moment.
Before Ryoka had reached the [Bard], the sun was already returning. Light swept across the ground and people laughed, calling to Barelle to ask if he’d staged the thing.
The [Bard] just gave them a mysterious smile. Ryoka stopped, panting.
It was just an eclipse. But it mattered.
The light was restored. The sun shone. Ryoka Griffin looked around. Lord Tyrion half-rose. Her face.
The Wind Runner looked—he strode towards her.
“Miss Ryoka. Is something wrong?”
She looked at him. Eyes bulging. Throat suddenly dry. Ryoka stuttered.
“They—they—”
They hadn’t come. Tyrion didn’t know what to say. He felt like he’d failed, somehow. He shook his head.
“There is still time, Miss Ryoka. Your visitors—”
“They’re here.”
The Lord of House Veltras stopped. He looked at Ryoka Griffin. Then, slowly, looked at her eyes.
He traced their direction. And then he turned.
The rest of the mortal folk looked around. What was she…?
Lady Ulva Terland lowered a cup. She blinked. Then her eyes focused on something.
A laughing…man…was sitting next to her. On the lap of one of the War Golems. His teeth were pointed. His voice was like spring and life.
He shone with the full radiance of what the half-Elves had lost. Zedalien rose. He saw them.
Standing on the stage. Grabbing food. Durene jerked as she saw someone ahead of her.
They had not been there a moment ago. The Fae had joined the gathering, unnoticed except by a few.
The [Witches] stood together, staring at a laughing figure who danced and pirouetted next to one of the [Tumblers] until she stopped, mystified by her double.
The Summer Court of the fae. Ryoka’s eyes filled with tears. They were here. This day—
She saw a figure step out, in front of her. Ulva Terland’s [Bodyguard] rose, about to cut down this intruder! Then—stopped.
“My [Dangersense].”
He let go of the blade. Ulva saw him back away. Then she saw another figure emerge.
A warrior, armored in frost. Faceless behind his visor. The [Bodyguard] stood like an ant before a mountain, frozen in fear.
The warrior turned to regard him. Ryoka saw more, standing as if they had always been there, silent figures among the dancing fae.
Some were humbler than others. A few shone like a second sun, in such radiance they hurt the eyes. Some were tricksters. Pranksters.
