Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 12
Sammial belied that by coughing. The [Aide] dipped her head, but she looked back at Ryoka.
“I understand this is a huge honor. Thank you. I cannot be more grateful.”
Ryoka looked like she was speaking through a numb face. Jericha nodded slowly.
“—And Lord Veltras has met with…Emperor Godart. However, as his aide, I would like to know what this party…is. As well as any possible dangers to Lord Veltras. We have been receiving [Messages] from a Lady Rie Valerund instructing us of a number of oddities. I understand there will be guests of the ‘Unseen Empire’. Strange guests indeed. Moreover—there will be danger. Lord Hethon and Lord Sammial will not be endangered.”
It was not a question. Ryoka jerked, glanced up. Jericha adjusted her glasses, looking at Ryoka again. The young woman hadn’t changed into her clothes or equipped her artifacts. Even then—the spectacles were enchanted with a number of powerful spells.
It was true what Jericha saw, or else Ryoka Griffin was at least Level 40 or had some kind of magical artifact of a relic-tier embedded into her body. Well, with how much the [Healer] had pulled out of her stomach, Jericha doubted that.
Even so. Oddity beyond oddity. Lord Tyrion was listening in via speaking stone, over the rush of wind from outside the carriage as he rode.
He had not cared. Debt was debt. But the more Jericha had investigated—first as a rote matter, and to protect Miss Griffin’s associates, the more curious both had become.
She. Had. No. Levels.
Not classes. Not Skills. Tyrion had first assumed she was some kind of expert [Rogue], but Jericha had found nothing even after upgrading the [Appraisal] spell.
Similarly—no one knew Ryoka Griffin. Oh, Celum did. Invrisil. Liscor. But no one knew where she had come from before Celum. No one had any identity of her family, her past—
Jericha had searched her possessions and found nothing extremely unique. But the fact remained that the Five Families would normally be able to identify most common people’s roots down to when they’d first developed baby teeth.
The levels were one thing. The fact that she commanded the wind without, extraordinary. But not unheard of! That would have been enough to interest Tyrion. But there was her connection with the [Emperor]. The inn.
She had woken the Archmage of Izril. She had delivered to the High Passes, to a Grand Magus thought long dead. She had run the Bloodfields.
And she carried a bag of holding of such superlative quality that Tyrion had considered it would have upgraded his personal gear if he’d replaced his with it.
Of course, a lot of this was explainable. Tyrion was no fool. Ryoka was obviously the beneficiary of patronage from Grand Magus Eldavin. She had earned it through bravery, as he himself had witnessed. She had attracted Magnolia Reinhart’s attention, though, and that he could not readily explain. Perhaps Magnolia was headhunting, but she had taken an unusual interest in Ryoka.
Now, he listened as Ryoka replied to Jericha.
“There is…danger. I’m sorry. I would have said as much. The kids—”
“I am Lord Sammial Veltras! Not a k—”
Muffled, Jericha soothing Sammial’s wounded pride. Ryoka went on.
“The kids should not go to the…full party.”
“So the missive indicates. Will they be safe?”
“From the guests, yes. They would be anyways. They don’t hurt children.”
