Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 2
Yet six times the figure came onwards, forcing the fae back with a sword of his own. They locked blades and Melidore forced the figure back.
But one refused to stay cut. Tyrion half-understood what Melidore was trying to do. Cut, and cut again until the arm stayed severed!
It was this moment. This time. With each step into the party, the four seemed more real. Less rotten. They were coming for the mortals, and Tyrion, despite himself, feared to challenge…
“My name is _______! Say it!”
The leader of men howled. The Humans and other non-fae covered their ears and screamed. Laken was holding up a hand, backing up.
Slowly, the circle narrowed. Tyrion wondered if this was a last stand. But why then did Melidore not order a retreat? He saw the fae looking up as he whirled to confront the dancing man. He repeated the gesture, and so did the warriors. The fae. What were they staring at?
The moons. They were rising overhead, both of them. And somehow—faster than they should have. So fast Tyrion saw its progress through the sky. Melidore was pointing upwards, beseeching the celestial bodies.
“Come! Come, fair ladies! End this wretched moment!”
The four advanced. And Tyrion understood.
It was a race against time. The shortest night. He stepped forwards with sword raised and cut at a flickering sight in the air.
“Until the day ends! Families of Izril! Until the day ends! Keep them back!”
The Flowers of Izril started. Laken Godart’s head turned and his face changed as he understood what Tyrion had seen.
“To arms!”
Magic bloomed as the mortals began throwing spells, cutting and fleeing back into the lines of safety. Halrac loosed an arrow—
The huntress caught it. She put it to her bow and shot it through one of the faerie warriors. The figure stumbled, but refused to fall.
“Hurry, hurry.”
They whispered. They were getting more desperate. They advanced further, desperate. Tyrion saw Melidore snarl. He raised his sword and—
 
—-
 
The second time, Ryoka sensed the giant tiptoeing up behind her. The malice oozed at her. She whirled and looked…up…
There he was again. A giant to make Zamea look tiny. Three eyes, staring. So large he might have been the same kind that had fought…other beings…in the age where he had come from.
“Mortal. Another mortal! The one that got away. My belly is filled today. Today is a good day!”
He was in a good mood. Ryoka blanched as she saw blood around his mouth. She backed up as the hands reached down.
Nama. Ryoka felt the name rise to her lips unbidden. She had walked through the amalgamation of worlds for hours, and the forest was distant behind her. She was passing under the shadow of the mountain and network of vast caves, each of which could have swallowed her, if not the titan.
No! Not yet! Ryoka remembered Nama’s warning. She backed up.
“Stay back!”
The hand reached down. Ryoka flung herself sideways and the wind blew her just past the fingers as they dug into the earth. The hand scooped up a huge amount of dirt and rock and rose. The figure sifted through it, then one of his eyes fixed on Ryoka.
“Quick mortal. Come here!”
She had to do something. Ryoka scrambled to her feet. And she thought—
 
—-
 
Three rather lovely, sinuous ladies leaned on the windowsills and watched as a screaming young woman ducked—then straightened. They had a lovely mountain cottage; handmade, really. No, wait—
The mountain was just a foothill, and they’d built into it, carving the stone gently to make a home for the three of them. But the humble façade belied the interior, which was like a mansion any million—billionaire would envy.
