Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 10
Lord Tyrion spoke, very graciously giving her a lot of deference and not asking she use his noble title. Hethon hadn’t seen him do that with anyone before. Ryoka muttered again.
“My friend made it. Baking soda.”
“Your friend?”
“An [Alchemist] made it for us. Another friend. But my friend asked her to.”
“By ‘friend’, Miss Griffin…”
Jericha had looked over sharply. With keen interest. Lord Tyrion’s eyes flickered. The Wind Runner whispered.
“The one who died.”
Fifth worst meal ever. Hethon stopped eating the bread and decided to have some sausage instead. Sammial opened his mouth to ask a question and his father looked at him.
“Miss Griffin. If you would like to rest—”
“I have to go to the party.”
Hethon wondered if she was ready for the party. Certainly, even Tyrion looked slightly confused. But he nodded.
“At once, then. Two minutes, Hethon, Sammial.”
“If you would like a tonic, Miss Ryoka…”
Jericha murmured discretely. Ryoka looked up.
“I’m fine.”
Certainly—there were no tears. She was not weeping, or shouting or…
Hethon knew mourning. He had seen it after his mother died. He had seen grief. Ryoka Griffin just looked blank. Of course, he had seen that too. But he had expected more after that—scream. So filled with anguish.
The sun was shining brightly, just rising in the early morning. It had yet to rise over Liscor, where the High Passes blocked the sun. But it was bright enough here. It had been a glorious summer day. The longest day of the year, skies blue, warm—
“Lord Veltras! We may be under attack! It began just—”
Hethon saw a shield blowing past his face. A man was actually flung off his feet by the gale-force winds howling around the inn. The young [Lord] looked over his shoulder.
Wind Runner.
Ryoka started as she saw the howling gale. The inn had been so well-made—and perhaps the Skills of this [Innkeeper] so good, she hadn’t heard the shouting or felt the wind blowing. She looked out.
The gusts of air and screaming breeze stopped. The escort of three-dozen of House Veltras’ finest stopped sheltering and looked at her.
Two of the carriages had been blown over. The wind had destroyed part of the stables—everything around the inn for thirty feet had been ravaged. Nothing past that.
Sammial and Hethon stared as Ryoka began to apologize. Lord Tyrion just shook his head.
“Pay for the damages, Jericha. Inspect the carriages’ axles. Hitch up the horses. We ride for Riverfarm. I intend to get there within the hour.”
 
—-
 
And so they did. It was hardly as if Sammial and Hethon were unused to travel in general, or this; they’d been moving for the last five days. It was easier with Ryoka not lying in the spare carriage; they could all sit in one.
Another impropriety in the normally perfect delineation between noble and commoner. Neither son complained, though. Normally only Jericha or Ullim would ever ride inside the carriage.
Both boys kept staring at Ryoka as they rode. Gone was the howling wind; now, a strong breeze gave the horses relief as they carried the carriage forwards. If anything, they were amused by how she reacted to their mode of travel.
“We’ll get to Riverfarm, forty miles away so soon?”
“Yes, Miss Griffin. There are ways of travelling that far that quickly, magical teleportation aside.”
If Jericha was expecting Ryoka to blink at that, the City Runner nodded.
“I know. I’ve seen Magnolia Reinhart’s carriage and…other vehicles that move that fast. But this doesn’t look like that level of enchanted carriage.”
