Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 16
“Great Wyrm Sikeri—I regret to say that you made one mistake.”
“Oh?”
The serpent blinked. Ryoka stepped back.
“Yes. I’m very tempted. But someone already offered me the same kind of deal. And I refused her first. Take it up with Belavierr the Stitch Witch. As for me—I refuse. By the right of hospitality, I ask that you leave me be!”
The Wyrm recoiled, hissing in sudden fury.
“You dare deny me?”
She made such a sound that the party went silent. Ryoka fell to her knees, holding her ears. She saw the seven warriors move. But the Wyrm was so furious even they failed to intimidate her. She reared back—
And stopped. The predatory fangs slowly retracted from their bared state. The giant serpent slowly uncoiled. She backed away further.
The second of the guests stood next to Ryoka. And he looked at the Wyrm and she slowly moved back. Not in complete fear, but warily. She hissed a curse and then—fled back to the buffet lines. Half of it vanished in a gulp, and the atmosphere calmed.
The warriors went back to their stations. Ryoka exhaled. She really needed to pee. But she looked up and—
Saw him. Or—it? The figure stooped. And like the one who had taken away the sorrow of the children, he was tall. But unlike that figure—taller still.
He put Moore to shame. He put the distant mountain to shame. He was taller than both, and with each step, he could have covered leagues.
And yet, Ryoka could look up at him without straining her neck. She was beginning to understand the trick of it. Representations. She looked up at the figure and he nodded to her.
“I came for the children. It has been too long since they played at my feet. Too long since I saw mortal delights. A fine temptation, child. But you invite more than the fair folk to such gatherings.”
He whispered. Ryoka heard his voice, like rustling. Like—
She looked up, sensing more of his nature. Then she bowed. Unlike Sikeri, this personage only instilled the greatest wonder in her. Instinctive respect, not danger. She saw only time in his eyes, not a malevolent depth.
But he did look tired. And old. And a bit sad, for all he smiled. Ryoka heard him sigh. And again—it was rustling.
Like a hundred thousand leaves blowing in the wind. And if she looked at his representation she thought his arms and legs looked gnarled. Like…roots…
Again, she bowed. And if Nalthaliarstrelous had been here, surely he would have fallen to his knees.
“Sir. Thank you. Thank you for…thank you. May I ask…?”
The great boughs moved as somewhere high overhead, the figure shook its head. It spoke, and it was an it, for all Ryoka had thought he.
“I am of the land beyond, wind’s friend, unlike the one who fled her lair and world past. But I do not have the ear of the King of Fae.”
“You mean…you can’t help me?”
Ryoka’s heart sank again. She looked at the figure and got a slow shake of the head once more.
Despair. And frustration. Ryoka looked around. The sun was setting! For all time was skewed here, it did pass. The one woman who could have made it stop—
She was waiting for Ryoka. The Wind Runner looked around, gathering her resolve.
“What if I said his name, then? Ob—”
Again. The power of the name filled her. And again—she was stopped. This time by a finger as gentle as the brush of a leaf.
“Do not speak his name here. Lest you wish to invoke his power.”
The personage spoke. Ryoka knew he was right. She sagged.
“I’m sorry. But—do I?”
The great tree shook its head again.
“If you seek to defy his will, you do not.”
