Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 43
At least Ylawes was not dead. But the voices of challenge had suddenly stopped. Even the bravest feared that scream. And—they had all seen Ylawes cut Melidore in two. What were you supposed to do after that? Disintegrate him?
No one spoke as Ryoka saw the sun setting. Looking up at the gap in the sky.
Then, a shaky voice. Rumbling. Angered.
“I will.”
Melidore’s head turned in delight. Ryoka groaned aloud once more.
Durene. The [Paladin] had her club, and her door-shield. Metal armor, not yet customized to her, with an eye emblazoned on it.
She was not Ylawes, in perfect shining armor. The fae laughed aloud.
 
“Half-child! The half-Troll challenges you, Melidore!”
“Brawn before brains!”
“Brawn without brains, to think she has a chance!”
 
The fae thought so too. He smiled at Durene, like a distant uncle to a cousin.
“Child, for kinship, I tell you do not try. I mean my every word.”
“Yeah? Well…I’m going to hit you.”
Durene didn’t have a snappy rebuttal. Melidore laughed and shook his head.
“Durene—”
“I’ve got this, Ryoka.”
“Until one or the other falls! Well then, little one! Try—”
Durene didn’t listen to Melidore’s words. She strode over and kicked him between the legs.
Ryoka saw Melidore’s feet leave the ground. Every male of every species winced at the blow. Melidore cried out. He doubled over—
And then straightened. Laughing.
“This world does entertain!”
Durene blinked. But she’d hit him harder than she’d ever—the fae shook his head at her.
“You tried well, little one. With creativity. But did you think you could overturn stories so easily? Ah—my turn. Gentleness, for the mortal mingling as rare as yours.”
He reached out and drew a cut along her chest, diagonally, down through her breasts to her navel. Cutting armor and her grey skin apart.
Durene screamed. Laken strode forwards and only his subjects held him back from Melidore. The fae laughed once, turned away as the half-Troll girl dropped her club, fell backwards, writhing in agony.
Ryoka closed her eyes as the scream went on and on and Durene’s howl—
Stopped. The girl’s fall backwards halted. Melidore turned. Durene had not fallen to the ground like Ylawes.
Someone was holding her up.
“Steady. Steady, girl.”
Hedag. Pryde. Wiskeria. Prost, Gamel, half a dozen others heaved and Durene stumbled back onto her feet, panting. Melidore stared at the place where he had cut—
The armor fell apart. But underneath, Durene’s skin was fresh. The scar remained. But it had closed in an instant.
Hedag lowered the potion in her huge hand. The [Witch] tipped her brown hat at Melidore.
 
“Cheating!”
 
One of the fae shouted furiously. Durene, panting, wiped sweat from her brow. Gamel and Beniar lifted the club back into her hand. She turned to the shouter.
“No one—no one said I couldn’t ask for help. Or use potions.”
 
“What? Ye art cheating! You—you half-Troll cheater! Ugly! Ugly and—”
 
The fae made a sound as Laken looked at her. Melidore was glowering too. But Durene just bared her teeth at them.
“It’s only common sense. You—did I hear it was a story? You should have brought a half-Troll to those stories. Now. My turn again.”
Melidore stared. Uncomprehending, simply disbelieving.
“That is not how the story goes. You cannot simply—wai—”
The club hammered him into the ground. This time—Ryoka thought it actually hit him.
The Green Knight’s fable broke. So too did the hold on her. The Wind Runner stumbled past the ranks of the fae, who were laughing their winged butts off at Melidore. A few looked like they wanted to stop Ryoka, or Durene.
 
