Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 7
But not the most intense. There were three of them, who were even more there than the seven warriors.
Three, seven. Magical numbers. It made sense too; three for three.
Each one different. One was male, flighty, graceful and ethereal, like the Summer Court. The other, female, dangerous, serpentine. The last? Tall, venerable, stationary.
That was the feeling Ryoka got from all three. She knew—one of them was the one she sought.
She tried to get towards them. Walking through the crowd. But she had forgotten.
This night was not hers alone. And the fae had little interest in her, at least, most of them. Ryoka began to make her way after the three figures as they mingled, but people, meetings, events, got in her way. And each attracted the eye.
Ulva Terland was seated, her escort lamely trying to fend off a group of four fae guests who were ignoring them. None of them were willing to draw a weapon, and the Golems acted as if the fae weren’t there.
“I—I am Ulva Terland. Please stop putting flowers in my hair.”
The [Lady] protested weakly; the fae were planting beautiful blooms in her hair. Not like the nectar and sap-covered ones they’d besmirched Tyrion with. She was about to rise to get away when one caught her hand.
“Don’t go! Stay! Sit with us! We know grief! We know loss!”
He beckoned her to sit. The others chorused agreement. Ulva hesitated.
“But it is undignified. You are not nobility.”
“So? Sit and rest your burdens! We have dined with great kings and queens! You should bow to us!”
They laughed. Perplexed, but feeling like she was in some pleasant daydream, Ulva sat. She would never have said such things normally. But this was no normal time.
Ryoka stumbled past the group, and heard the one who had beseeched Ulva first speak. She looked sideways and saw—
An earnest face. Beautiful eyes and lips, focused on the [Lady] with real concern. Brushed features, as if carved by a master. A youthful countenance, swept hair so that the boy looked nothing past sixteen.
And then—
The stone held the [Lady]’s hand. Or perhaps—she held it. Nothing more than stone. No more artistry than what wind and time had given it. Ryoka stared at the thing made of pure, glowing jade and heard its voice in her head.
“You are so sad, lady! The King of Goblins cut your heart in two, didn’t he? And half your soul is lost. More than just a sister, she was, wasn’t she? Half of you.”
Lady Ulva started. She looked at the fae—the young man—the jade being—with wide eyes. She murmured.
“Yes. H-how did you know? We were [Twin Virtues]. We—I’ve forgotten how to laugh. I’m so afraid of death. Of oblivion…she is gone. And half of me—”
“Put it aside. Eat. Dance! And be kinder to your children of metal and stone.”
The figure assured her. It indicated the still War Golem. The lights in its gemstone eyes were flickering as another of the…stone-fae hugged it, laughing. Ryoka walked past, wanting to turn back. But she could not, as Ulva was enticed back into the party.
A second exclamation, from the stage. The Players of Celum were performing now, and it was the performance of their lifetimes.
A Midsummer’s Night Dream. That was what Ryoka had assumed would be best. The [Actor] emerged onto the stage.
He was playing Puck. Unlike other performances where he was the lead actor, he’d taken the prankster’s role, having the talent for it. He emerged, laughing, the spirit of mischief on cue—
“How now, spirit! whither wander you?”
