Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 17
House Ulta. House Walchaís. House Veltras—even if it wasn’t the Five Families?
Hope blossomed in her chest. Tyrion himself looked surprised. He had known this party had more than his family and persuaded some of the nobility to join him. For instance, he saw Lord Pellmia standing at the opposite site of the reception and nodding to him with other nobles who had ridden with him. Lady Ieka glowered at Pryde and Bethal and stared at Ryoka urgently.
She’d done it. But what a mess of a party. House Veltras stood down, but they looked ready to draw on the [Knights]. It could be disastrous. She just hoped it was worth it.
“Lord Veltras. We apologize for the disruptions.”
Rie came forwards before anyone could interrupt a third time. She greeted him, the two young [Lords] who replied awkwardly, and then turned to Ryoka.
“And Miss Griffin. We have heard…of your loss. His Majesty would like to meet with you after Lord Veltras.”
“Of course. Lady Rie.”
Ryoka still felt stabbed. She wished, oh, how she wished Erin were here. Because—this was a moment worthy of Erin. If Erin had but been here, interrupting a third time with a chess game and a bowl of ice cream or something? Ryoka would have laughed herself sick.
But she wasn’t. Only her spirit was here. And it was her spirit…Ryoka’s eyes cleared. She looked at Lady Rie urgently.
“Lady Rie. I will meet with Laken. And—he has my eternal gratitude for all of this. I was—asleep. But—but—is Magnolia Reinhart here? And Grand Magus Eldavin?”
The name stirred the crowd. Grand Magus…? Ieka wished that her aunt were here. Valeterisa was going to throw an unholy fit, but she’d been chased away by all the needful socialization.
But Eldavin? Teriarch? Ryoka’s hopes were dashed by Lady Rie’s hesitant shake of the head.
“Lady Reinhart has not. Nor do I believe she will be. Excuse me, Ryoka—we have to introduce Lord Veltras more formally.”
No. Ryoka felt her heart lurch. But decorum or not—she grabbed Lady Rie’s arm.
“Eldavin. I need to speak to him. He’s not here? Are you sure? He’ll arrive, though.”
The people waiting listened intently. Nobility or not, they sensed this was an important conversation, breached dignity aside. Rie turned back with a pained expression.
“I’m sorry, Ryoka. But he will not be coming.”
“No, he will.”
Teriarch would heal Erin. No matter what he said. He had to. Another panacea—she’d let him put whatever geas he wanted on her. She’d do whatever it took! Besides—
He’d promised. Lady Rie was just mistaken. But then the [Lady] looked Ryoka in the eye. And Ryoka heard the second bad news of the day.
“He will not. Because he sent word via [Message] spell, Miss Griffin, tendering his regrets. He is unavoidably detained. At sea, I understand.”
Ryoka stood, swaying. Hethon backed up in case she threw up on him. And Ryoka understood the great tragedy of Dragons.
Not only did they do what they wanted—
They RSVP’d to let you know they weren’t coming.
“That’s it, then. The party’s going to fail. This—we don’t have enough.”
Tyrion stirred. Sammial, Hethon, Jericha—the listening nobility stirred. Not what you wanted to hear after you’d come all this way. But Ryoka looked around. She had one of the Five Families.
One. And she might have swung it on a technicality. If she had a Dragon to vouch for it. Without him? Ryoka felt a dread certainty that this was not enough. And because the fae’s magic was part belief—her certainty reinforced the failure.
She’d failed.
“Miss Ryoka! Would you please not say that right here? Right now?”
