Solstice (Pt. 9)
Page 2
He whispered, but the ghost was not here. Of course not. He was at…
The inn. A dread surmise filled the Hobgoblin. He stood. Without bothering to wake the others, he hurried out of the inn. Ran down the streets. Tossed aside his guitar, his worthless sword to run faster.
Something was wrong. Something had been wrong. He felt it. He ran down the streets, for the magic door, realized it was set to the wrong dial. So he ran out the gates, past the alarmed guards who set up an alarm.
He ran as fast as he could. But he had always been too late.
The door was ajar when Numbtongue reached it. Someone had walked through the front door. But left no footprint.
“Reiss!”
Numbtongue howled. No one answered him. He ran down the hallway, into the common room! No one was here! For a second, he felt relief.
Then he saw the door to the [Garden of Sanctuary], forced open. The broken iron bands. And the Goblin knew true fear.
He stumbled forwards, with bare hands. Weaponless. But it was too late already. Numbtongue stepped into the Garden, looking around.
And found a statue. A statue barred his way. The Hobgoblin stopped. He stared down at the tiny Cave Goblin.
Its arms were outstretched. A defiant gleam in its eyes as it looked up at…at something. The Hobgoblin stared. The statues had never left the hill. But this one—
Was one of many. The Hobgoblin saw more. And he realized…something had come through this door. And the statue had tried to block it.
The [Bard] reached out with a trembling hand. He touched the statue and found…stone.
Rough, stone. That was all. Grey. Perfect. But stone. Something was gone.
Past the first statue was a second. A trio of Redfangs stood with hands out. Two male, one female. One a hob, the other two short. They were snarling defiance. They formed a chain—but there was a gap.
Numbtongue stumbled past it. He saw more statues, all blocking his way. And he realized—he was following the trail of something.
Something…that had walked through here. Past the pond, where even the Fortress Beavers had fled for a day. Up the hill, past the Sage’s Grass. Past the dead faerie flowers. Up the hill and to the highest point in the garden.
To the hill covered in mists. To the bier of frost.
He was so afraid. But it was too late. So the Hobgoblin stopped. Seeing the path.
The statues blocked it. Diverted, trying to drive it down the hill. But they could not stop whatever had come here. Each statue stood, rooted in place. Dozens…hundreds…thousands of Goblins.
But something was odd. There were—gaps. In the lines of statues. Goblins stood, linking arms, holding hands with…nothing.
Ghosts that had never been known to the [Innkeeper]. Yet the Goblins had held off something as one. The gaps Numbtongue slipped through, climbing, following the slow trail. Higher. Higher, as the day turned to night.
The statues were clustered so thickly at the hill that but for the gaps, he would never have gotten through. Numbtongue ran into the cleared mists on the top of the hill and stopped.
Eater of Spears looked down at him. Grimly barring the way. Spiderslicer was next. Grasping at an invisible sword.
“No.”
There they were. A last group of Goblins barred the way.
Bugear, defiantly shouting. Redfangs. Little Cave Goblins, some piled up on top of each other as if to stop something that way.
“No!”
Numbtongue ran left. Then he saw the last of them.
Gaps where his friends had been. There had never been a statue of Grunter or the others. But they had been here, don’t you see? Standing here.
