Solstice (Pt. 7)
Page 4
“You’re a welcome visitor. You see—we do like guests. Come, sit. But do not touch the blade. Our fate will be yours in part if you do.”
The oldest Arthur spoke. Ryoka stared at Caliburn. Then at them sharply.
She had not expected to be here. But—something had drawn her here in the mad flight, when Nama told her to run.
“Wait a second. Have you met…a young woman? Shorter than me? This high—she told me once—”
Ryoka had laughed at Erin, when she confessed about the dream and Ivolethe. Erin herself hadn’t believed it. But Ryoka was suddenly wide-eyed.
“Did she touch this blade?”
The three Arthurs turned to each other. One stood up, as if to inspect the blade.
“A young woman? Yes. Yes, she did. She came dreaming. She nearly took it out of her dream—but one of the Winter Court stopped her. Just as well. What was she?”
“An innkeeper. My friend.”
The oldest Arthur nodded.
“Then she would have woken as a King. Of…innkeepers. Or just a King. And the terrible fate of ours would be shared by her. In some other way.”
“But she didn’t. Erin was here?”
Ryoka stared about. The other three glanced at each other.
“Are you lost?”
“I’ve been trying to get in. But the Wild Hunt is following me and—this is so strange. You can’t be the Arthur of legend.”
“And why not?”
Ryoka clutched at her head. They were so—normal. Okay, she could see the entrails leaking out of one of them and the sword—but here?
Kindly, one of the Arthurs drew her down.
“Sit, Miss Ryoka. Sit. Time will not touch you here. Even the other fae are respectful. The Wild Hunt will not trouble you. I’ve ridden with them myself. What cause have they to hunt you? Pettiness?”
The young King assured her. Ryoka sat, despairing.
Meeting after meeting. She explained an abbreviated version of why she was here and the three nodded.
“Other worlds. Mine seems so small and insignificant, my kingdom so small at times. Yet—my legacy endures?”
The oldest Arthur turned to Ryoka, greedy for assurances. She hesitated.
“After a fashion, Your Majesty. You see—I don’t know if you ever were on my world. Historically? I’m not sure. But…they tell stories of you.”
“Stories?”
The oldest’s face fell. Ryoka winced.
“That’s all they have.”
“Does Albion not stand in your world?”
“Um.”
Ryoka didn’t want to get into geopolitical events of Earth. But Arthur demanded to know. He raked a hand through his bloodied hair, dislodging the fragments of crown. Then he stood.
“Stories. I commanded the greatest kingdom the world had ever seen. The deeds of my knights struck awe and hope into the hearts of all who heard them and fear into that of all of Albion’s foes! And that is all Camelot…all my kingdom…”
He trailed off, shaking his head. The younger two watched him anxiously. At last, the old King laughed.
“Perhaps that is all I can hope for. My great kingdom was the seed of the next nation. Perhaps—stories are enough of a legacy for any man. So long as they remember chivalry and honor, let it endure.”
He reached for the sword. Ryoka felt a chill at those grave eyes, the sad smile. The oldest King turned to the others.
“I will not change my mind. That is for you two to decide.”
Ryoka felt so sorry for this man—who had a rough life despite all his triumphs. She longed to say something, but she didn’t feel she belonged here.
And yet—the three seemed glad of her presence. The young man frowned.
“If not me, then the burden will fall to someone else. I only wonder if I am the right one for this blade. If there is a better king—let them take the sword.”
