Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 23
He inclined his head. The nobility murmured. They weren’t certain as if to be amused or disappointed. Had the [Emperor] had some grand event that had fallen through?
Or…
What had made Sammial Veltras so disappointed was the perceived humbleness of the entire affair. Never mind the days, weeks of preparations for everything down to laying entire streets in brick, painting every surface, producing a prodigious amount of food and getting enough worthy accommodations for the flood of people who’d descend on Riverfarm.
Still—it was humble compared to what an [Emperor] should provide. And yet. The other nobles were far more impressed with the separate area, especially when they heard what made it so…unique.
“The children will take part in the main festivities in Riverfarm as I understand it. But this ground has been curiously prepared.”
Lady Zanthia had been speaking to some very nervous nobles, who had neither tittered with laughter nor disparaged the lack of wealth on display. She glanced significantly towards Pryde, Bethal, Wuvren, and their escorts.
The allies of Magnolia Reinhart raised brows. Hethon and Sammial aside, the younger [Lords] and [Ladies], children, were already growing impatient.
“How so, Zanthia?”
The oldest of the [Ladies] gestured at the stage, where the Players of Celum were already waiting behind a curtain to perform. Pryde thought that was what was meant—they certainly were the main attraction to the nobility, many of whom had heard of the ‘plays’ that had swept Invrisil. They were prepared to sneer at the lesser events—or be dutifully impressed.
But Zanthia pointed at the benches, tables, and Pryde realized she meant something else.
“The construction. I understand that nothing here was made with iron. Not nails. Not frames. And do you recall one of the requirements?”
“…Don’t bring possessions of iron. Don’t offer offense—I thought the iron bit was just some custom of the [Emperor]?”
“I thought so too. But some of the nobles attended another party. And they have seen the [Emperor]’s court. Or—his guests.”
Pryde didn’t see what was so significant about that.
“That is hardly surprising. I should imagine they’re simply late. Travelling—”
Zanthia raised one brow.
“If they were, why were they summoned? Pryde—I just spoke with Lady Bevia Veniford. She has met these visitors. And they are not a species she recognized. Not half-Elven, although they reminded her of them. They came out of nowhere. And they were both dangerous and magical. Is that not so, Bethal?”
The others looked at Bethal. The [Lady] smiled.
“I recall nearly being poisoned, but yes, Zanthia. I wouldn’t take these ‘guests’ lightly. Would you, Thomast?”
“No, Bethal. And I urge you to all remember the rules. They are not to be taken lightly. Nor—any offense given. Even in words.”
The [Chevalier] did not quite look at Pryde. The other [Ladies] stirred. And some of the eavesdropping nobility glanced at each other.
Indeed, Bevia and Rael Veniford were not the only nobles who’d attended the second gathering of the fae in this world. And their memories of those times were enough to stop people from laughing at the failed occasion.
They felt it. Saw it in every line of the Wind Runner’s taut face, scanning about. The [Emperor]’s calm watchfulness.
Something was coming.
Tyrion Veltras himself felt wrong footed. Had something gone wrong? He turned to Ryoka after Laken pronounced the wait.
“Miss Griffin. Was everything not in order?”
“No. I think it’s working, Lord Tyrion. Thank you.”
Ulva and Deilan raised their brows. Tyrion looked around.
