Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 33
Wistram had collected so many Earthers, and now Naili had let slip they wanted to move onto ‘the next step’ soon. As ominous sayings went—that was top of Aaron’s list.
But what could they do? Aaron had not been able to save Erin. She had been dead before the other [Mages] had even [Messaged] Montressa. Before someone had even told him she was in danger.
Too fast. Why didn’t magic let you bring people back from the dead? Heal? There were so many questions.
So many consequences. Montressa was dead to the Revivalists. The Academy was sending her replacements—had been already. And calling every [Mage] they could here. Great [Mages] who seldom returned to the academy were enroute.
And Aaron was relatively helpless amid all of this. The Earthers were. And they still had no idea why they were here. Or what they could do.
The young man closed up his iPhone. All this was not new. And yet—
It was today. Aaron sat there, on his bed, in his room. And he waited.
He had been waiting for this day for half a year.
 
—-
 
The time was slipping by. The sun fading. And yet—no one came. No wind stirred the trees. No one was coming.
Ryoka drifted through the party, trying not to throw up the food and drink she’d eaten. Her head was spinning.
Delanay had told her the events, simply, without elaboration. Ryoka wished she hadn’t heard.
How quick. How—wrong. Why like that?
Erin.
Where were they? Ryoka dragged at her hair. Around her, people were having fun. But Laken Godart had retired to his personal home. He, like her, seemed to be waiting.
Waiting for—
“What’s a slut? Are you one?”
A familiar voice made Ryoka do a double-take. Sammial was asking one of the [Tumblers]. The woman stared at the boy.
“Sammy!”
Hethon dragged him away. Face flushed. Sammy tried to wiggle out of his grasp.
“Stop dragging me, Hethon! You don’t know either! Stop pretending like you do!”
“I know you’re not supposed to ask! You asked that half-Elf, Lady Imarris—you’re going to get us in trouble!”
“No one will answer me! Lady Ieka just told me to ask Lady Wuvren.”
Ryoka stared at the two boys. They spotted her and looked uncertain.
“It’s the Wind Runner. Are we allowed to ask her questions?”
Hethon muttered to Sammial. The boy huffed.
“Who cares? She’s not as fun as all of this! I want to ride the Oliphant!”
He nearly ran off, but his older brother had a grip on his arm. He had to; they’d already lost poor Jericha. The [Aide] might be a trained warrior and so on, but she was no match for running children on a sugar and excitement-high, racing through the crowd and squeezing through gaps she could never manage.
Before the two boys could run towards one of the tame Elephants being carefully led around an area by the [Beast Master], Ryoka reached out and grabbed them by the shoulders.
“Stop.”
She still felt sick-empty-waiting. But someone had to stop the two. Especially Sammial. The boys looked up.
“What?”
Ryoka Griffin squatted down. This was surely not the place or time. But—
“To hell with it.”
Hethon and Sammial’s jaws dropped, Sammy’s in delight. Ryoka sighed.
“Okay. Sammial, you want to know what a ‘slut’ is? It means—someone, a female, usually—who has sex with other people. Sometimes for money. But it’s an insult that means you have sex a lot. It’s not a nice word. And asking someone what it means is exceptionally rude. Calling someone that is a terrible insult. Understand?”
She didn’t want to explain sex to the boys. But Hethon looked appalled and Sammial exhaled.
“Oh. Is that what it means?”
“Yes. So don’t say it, okay?”
