Solstice (Pt. 3)
Page 5
Sikeri, Silver Pine, they all stood behind the six. And the four hesitated at the edge of the boundary. Even the shadows fled the six bared blades.
Six for four. Laken Godart saw Melidore’s bright gaze fix him. He struggled.
Against two wills. The leader was looking at him. Tyrion wanted to shout.
All he could do was whisper.
“Do not.”
Ieka made a strangled noise of affirmation. Zanthia was shielding Eliasor and the other young [Ladies].
“Do not.”
She spoke, her voice as strangled as his. Laken Godart fought.
“I—I—”
“Begone.”
A whisper. The beseeching voices.
“Touch us. Remember us. _______ us. ____ to us.”
“Begone, nothing! We see nothing! We hear nothing!”
The voices made the four waver. They stretched out, begging, to the one who mattered. Laken Godart.
He was fighting something. Tyrion stumbled forwards. Past Hethon and Sammial, held in Jericha’s arms. The [Emperor] was forming the words in his mouth.
‘I invite you’. And trying to keep them from escaping. The first among the four was looking at him.
“Do not. Do not!”
Melidore hissed in his ear. Tyrion reached out. Laken gasped as the [Lord] grasped his arm. The blind man’s head turned. His eyes opened and closed.
He struggled to speak.
“I—I—inv—”
The four pressed their hands against something. Laken Godart gulped. Then his hands clenched. One hand dug into Melidore’s arm, the other into Tyrion’s shoulder, so tight they drew blood from both as Laken gripped them. His voice was stronger.
 
“Begone. Begone! You are not welcome here!”
 
Tyrion felt a weight leave his shoulders. Melidore laughed in triumph.
A note of fury from the leader of the four. The shadows drew back. Laken sagged, gasping.
“We are denied. Denied.”
The dancing man murmured, looking to the leader. With the same displeasure as the others. The leader of men stared ahead, eyes fixed on the young man. The shadows drew back. And Tyrion saw the shapes fade. The fae began to chant faster.
“Be-gone. Be-gone! Be-gone!”
A triumphant note. The wisps of nothing began to scream as they faded. The four stumbled forwards, pressing their hands against something invisible. Begging.
Dying? But they were already—
They began to rot away.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin ran. She ran into the forest, into the first layer of underbrush, and then into the heart of it. Tripping over roots, seeing the tree trunks rising higher and higher. And something peculiar happened in the first…hour…of flight.
First, it was all a rush. Nonstop running, pushing past the first stages of growth. The slowly-expanding forest, going further in, further, hearing the horn blow again and feeling the cold pursuers following her deeper.
She heard the wild cries. The shriek of horses and other mounts. And she knew—the wild hunt followed.
The story of winter, of the terrible hunters, who added some into their ranks and ran down any prey. Winter for winter, as Ivolethe had been.
She ducked, hiding behind a vast tree she couldn’t have put her arms around even if she were ten times as large. She heard crashing in the forest. Animals shrieking in fear as an unnatural cold enveloped the area.
Ryoka saw her breath—sensed something gallop past her, and nearly screamed at the horror of it. She saw her first animals in this place—a terrified hare leaping past her, as white as snow. And it was snowing.
Then she ran as quietly as she could, hearing more horns blowing. She tangled in briars and heard the pursuers turn, quick as a fox, detecting the sound. Ryoka ran, leaving some blood and cloth behind.
