Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 0

She walked out of the forest with Nama. Behind her, the wind howled.
The blizzard was beyond anything Ryoka had ever seen or could ask the wind to be. A storm that would herald the end of other worlds. An ice age in itself.
She left it behind her. Sheltered by her strange protector she’d met in the forest, and the King of Camelot’s sword.
The two had put the Wild Hunt to flight. Ryoka stared back wonderingly, then at the furry, slightly round figure with spectacles and the spoon which had laid low faerie warriors.
Perspective. She felt ashamed and silly. And relieved.
For all the land of the fae had horrible in it, like the truths revealed in the city, there were good people. Fair and foul, and indifferent.
She’d been rather foolish, hadn’t she?
Ryoka saw her thoughts leak out, like words. And Nama saw them too. She smiled widely as the young woman’s eyes widened.
“Yes, but few mortals do well the first time. Far harder than asking a bird to swim. Which some can do. Everything that makes sense to you is wrong, you see?”
She gestured; and flicked them forwards in the conversation, so that Ryoka understood and was nodding. That was what she had been doing the entire time.
Only, now, Ryoka was seeing it. Acclimatizing to this world.
“What funny words you people have. Words for everything. Or you try.”
The Wind Runner nodded. Then she made a conscious effort to…
Nama’s eyes fixed Ryoka and she adjusted the spectacles. After a while, she hopped over a stump, and flicked her tail.
“…Do you have something to say?”
Ryoka grinned. So that was how Sikeri had done it. She let Nama catch that thought and the kindly hostess harrumphed.
“Don’t be excited because you mastered your own thoughts, Ryoka Griffin. Beyond here—well, we’re in at last.”
The young woman’s smile faded. She looked up—and gasped.
In. Past the forest and city. Both things were locations in the realm of the fae. Outer realms. Ryoka understood there might be more. But she also knew this was where she needed to be.
Closer to the heart of the fae. Closer to the faerie king’s court. And thusly—
She stared across a meadow, towards an ancient, medieval farmhouse and fields of wheat. A lone tree sat idly upon the hilltop overlooking it all, and a stream passed by a slowly-turning water wheel. A village beyond.
“What is this?”
“This—is in. Past here, you will reach the courts of the fae. But this—look awhile. You know what it is.”
Ryoka did. A village. But she took Nama’s meaning and flicked across her perceptions. If she looked at it like…
Mundane. The tree remained. The village, the people, the farmer and his family moving around the fields? Vanished. Only the tree on the hilltop, and a little…
Toy set. Everything she had seen in miniature, a little plastic river, static figurines, dollhouses…Ryoka blinked.
Grand. The village sat there. The tree remained. People moved about; children fought, rather viciously too, in the mud. Laughter and quietus and…
Decay. The houses were empty. Run-down, long-abandoned. A few looked as though someone had tried to repair them. But weeds had overtaken the fields, time eroded rooftops.
Ghosts wandered this place, laughing, calling out. Ghosts of people. Humans. And the tree—
…Was a man, sitting on the hill, watching them play. He looked old. He looked like bark and root and like Silver Pine. Perhaps less august, but…
“Oh.”
“Do you see?”
Nama was watching Ryoka approvingly. This was but one part of this place. And Ryoka looked past the village, towards great caves set into the mountainside. Something moved across them, some vast shape.
