Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 19
The heads of each family. Ryoka bit it back. It seemed so childish and pedantic after two had arrived. But those were the requirements. Tyrion looked at her. Lord Deilan lowered his spectacles, half-moon rather than Jericha’s full ones. He finished Ryoka’s sentence.
“—the head of three of the Five Families, correct?”
Ryoka looked at him. Heart jolting along. And then she saw him smile.
Someone murmured. The ranks of Riverfarm’s forces, the nobility, were thrust aside. Ryoka’s head rose. She saw Durene edging back from a figure that eclipsed even her.
A giant gemstone instead of a face, smooth, turning and glowing softly. The War Golem advanced. And more, smaller ones, spread out. The Wind Runner heard a murmur.
She saw a double-line of bodyguards. Flashing enchantments. And something like an open sedan chair lower. The figure who sat on it touched the ground warily, as if expecting it to open up beneath her.
Next to Lord Deilan, Zedalien and the other members of the House of El bowed. Sammial and Hethon were urged to do so. Ryoka looked around and realized everyone was bowing.
The woman wasn’t—old. At least, not as old as Maviola had been in truth. Gresaria. She could have been in her sixties, which was far from old!
But she looked aged. Worn. And terribly frightened. Not immediately, but in a way that defined her life. She paused just past the wall of Golems and her personal escort.
“I would not have come to such an…event. Especially given the dangers suggested. However. Both Lord Deilan and Lord Tyrion prevailed upon me to join this occasion. And I will not have it said that the House of Terland was ever made up of cowards.”
The woman looked at Ryoka Griffin curiously. The Wind Runner realized she hadn’t knelt. She tried to do so. Her legs practically folded up under her.
“Am I—excuse me, milady. But am I speaking to…?”
Ulva Terland inclined her head silently. Her hair, made dead white too soon, reflected the wrinkles of her face. Ulva Terland, once a twin of Petria Terland.
Head of House Terland.
Three heads of the Five Families stood together. Tyrion, rigid as could be. Deilan, face troubled by grief and the uncertainties of his new station. Ulva—uncertain. But resolved.
“I have come to see my nightmares. And to participate in this great event. So. Do three of the Five Families not stand here, girl? Or is it only Magnolia Reinhart who would complete us? I do not see her here.”
The gathered stirred. And Ryoka Griffon looked around. Her head spun. And she saw.
Faces she had taken to just be staff, or Riverfarm’s folk. No. The escort, aside from the army and some of the highest-ranking members were Riverfarm.
The rest? Nobility.
Lord Sanito Alman. Lady Edere, looking tearful and awed by turns.
Lord Ranga, still wearing white for the [Innkeeper].
Nobility near or about Invrisil.
Lady Bethal. Lady Pryde. And behind them, practically surrounded by some of the eligible bachelors—and some married men—
Lady Wuvren. Next to her, an older woman with a flock of younger [Ladies], some little more than children. Counterparts to the curious group of [Witches] with hats.
Lady Eliasor Melissar had been told to stay away from the kindly [Tea Witch] by Lady Zanthia. She did not know why. And she stared at Ryoka Griffin with a great deal of curiosity.
Across from them, more familiar faces, if not to Ryoka, than the others. And some she knew full well.
Lord Gralton. Lord Pellmia.
And then—
