Solstice (Pt. 7)
Page 1
Ulvama felt it. She kept staring at the sky. She went around, poking Goblins.
“Up! Up! Get pack! Get ready!”
She kicked Leafarmor and Raidpear, but the Hobgoblins were sitting. In depression. Ulvama made a tsking sound and then rounded on the Cave Goblin in the pot.
“Pebblesnatch! Get ready to go!”
The Cave Goblin said nothing. She was sobbing into her hat. Ulvama stared up at the sky again.
That power! And she felt uneasy at what she had forgotten. The party…? The [Shaman] felt the power of the day. She grabbed Pebblesnatch.
“We leave! Today!”
The Goblins didn’t respond. Grief had overwhelmed them. Ulvama smacked Pebblesnatch on the head, but lightly. The [Cook] didn’t even move.
The [Shaman] stormed back to her tent. She stared at the door, claws clenching and unclenching. It wasn’t open!
But she’d doubled the mana stones. She’d only get one chance—
Something was wrong on the other side. But this was the time when the power was strongest! The [Shaman] cursed, sweating. She wanted to be through. No matter what lay beyond. She stared up at the sky. Then at the shadows.
Anywhere else was better than here.
 
—-
 
“Nearly done. Nearly…”
Aaron was sweating. But he leaned away before the sweat ruined the complex pattern he was tracing.
It wasn’t hard. And it was hard. He was just copying the design Emerrhain was showing him. But that was still intensely difficult, even broken down.
“What am I doing?”
“Hurrying. You must hurry.”
The wise man said. The scholar looked at Aaron and the young man kept tracing on the ground.
“Why?”
“Time is running out.”
The young [Mage], Blackmage, half-nodded as he continued the painstaking work. He thought about stopping. But he did not. He…
Thought about stopping.
 
—-
 
Time was fleeting on this day of days for all. For all of mortality, the world passed by so…slowly.
Yet here, in this place, time was immortal. Seconds became days for those of other ilk. Only on the Solstice did time align. And then—only for other places.
This place in the forest was not a rotten graveyard. Nor beset by wildlife. It was a sanctuary. A place so powerful that the forest around it was peaceful, untroubled by any other, be it beast or person.
Stories. Stories made up this land, for all the stories of late had been so, so sad. Yet all stories flowed through this place.
Avalon.
The sword sat in the stone as it ever had. A blade beyond compare, of immortal make. Waiting for the hand to take it. Not any old sword in the stone, either.
The sword. The stone.
The young woman stumbled into the clearing quite by chance. She was panting. In the distance, for the first time in ages, the sound of battle broke the tranquil forest.
Frost lay on her skin. Behind her, the roar of a great protector battled the howling winds of the coldest foes. The young woman was panting. She saw the sword. The stone.
Three figures turned from their contemplation of the sword. The young woman blinked.
Ryoka Griffin saw a boy, barely ten in age, a young man in his mid-twenties, and a man near fifty turn. Each one was dressed differently.
One, in a squire’s tunic, hair frazzled. The second, in splendid armor, a crown on his head.
The third—armor broken. Blood, mortal wounds covering his body. His crown broken. It didn’t seem to bother him.
The three stood there. And they were all…similar. Hair the same. Features changed by age. But the same.
Ryoka Griffin stared at the sword. Then the men. One of them blinked at her. The oldest man coughed after a second.
“Greetings, stranger. Do you too come for this blade?”
