Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 17
“Yes you would. And there would be a new faerie, in those days! You would have woken with gifts in your arms, and—”
Ivolethe’s face abruptly fell as she turned, from a dance into a stumble. Ryoka saw her laughter turn to sadness at once.
“—that was then. We do not have children anymore. None are born to the fae.”
“What? Why?”
“You will see before you go.”
Ivolethe’s smile had vanished. She looked—so sad. Just for a second. Then she turned her head.
“Later. Let us at least meet with this lot. King of Knights! Ryoka wishes to say ‘thank you’ more formally. My kin, we make for the outside.”
“So you intend to defy his will to the fullest, Ivolethe? He will take away your wings.”
One of the Court of the Fae cried out in disgust. They were not always summer or winter, Ryoka saw. They could be more things, here. They regarded Ryoka sternly. She ducked her head guiltily, but Ivolethe just kicked the speaker in a good imitation of Ryoka.
“Bah! You forget yourself, Eniav! You have forgotten what friendship means with mortals! It means—happiness! Passing delights! Breaking rules and burning down cities! Hah!”
She laughed wildly as the other fae scoffed. They weren’t the wild partying fae that Ryoka was familiar with. She suspected few of them went to become Winter Fae. Indeed—Ivolethe was the spirit of rebellion and flight among them.
She had never been as silly or capricious as the other Winter Sprites, by the same token. One of them stared at Ryoka with thinly-veiled annoyance.
“If you must do this—”
Ryoka missed the rest. The six travellers led by the commander had come over, anxiously.
“Miss Ryoka. We’ve been talking and we seem to be close to where we started.”
“If we survive the city.”
The orange soldier looked dourly around, his toy-gun abandoned. He looked ready for a fist-fight and his eight-digited fists were probably a better bet. Ryoka indicated the King of Chivalry.
“You’ll be safe.”
“Somehow, I’m sure of that. Which is odd because it makes no sense.”
The commander fretted. She looked—weary. No doubt if they’d been here for eighty days in their perception. She was clearly anxious to return home, but her fear caused her to grab Ryoka’s arm.
“Listen. We came here for a weapon. We’ve lost a Victory Company. Nearly two hundred ships!”
“You mean its two hundred ships you put through here?”
Ryoka half-screamed. The commander flinched.
“We came here under the assumption our weapons would work. I hope more than I think made it back. But…we need something. Is there nothing we could trade for?”
“You mean, with your weapons?”
Ryoka indicated the cheap plastic. The commander sighed. Ryoka thought. And her travels in this world…her eyes opened wide.
The fae, including Ivolethe, stopped arguing and pulling hair and kicking each other to peer over as Ryoka leaned forwards.
“I have an idea. I can’t guarantee it’ll work but—do you have gold? Synthesizers? Jewels? Treasure?”
“We…do. Or we could procure some. Why?”
The other aliens listened closely. Ryoka pointed. She had multiple people she could have directed them to, but she felt this was fair.
“A little ways in here there’s a…kid with a stick. Don’t go over the wall he has, and definitely beg Arthur to take you. But trade for the stick.”
“A stick.”
The woman said faintly. Ryoka smiled.
“You might see it as something different if you put on your helmet. And it might be a stick—but imagine what it could do to, uh, battleship armor?”
A gleam entered the commander’s eyes. She whirled to her soldiers.
