Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 1
Another denizen. Another flash of insight.
“This place isn’t one thing, is it? It’s…the old world.”
“Many old worlds. You see it now, don’t you?”
Ryoka did. It was like…looking at a bunch of tiny states, or plots of land. Where the treant’s village ended—there was someone else’s domain. The giant mountainside and caves, a grassy expanse as far as the eye could see with grass like fire and a shimmering heat haze…
“Homes.”
Ryoka looked at Nama for confirmation. Again, she nodded.
“More permanent than the city, in truth. One was meant for guests. This? This is what they brought. It was not here a while ago. Or half so large.”
The Wind Runner stared past the many linked places. Few strayed from their areas; and why should they? They had everything they wanted. But some did, talking, walking about.
It looked to her like a glorious place. She would have loved to walk through the village, eat and talk to the locals and know what their lives had been like. Not in some perspectives; the ghost-village would have been terribly sad and she feared to know what it looked like in horror. But here were legends and their homes.
But from another perspective? Ryoka looked again and saw…
“…This looks like a refugee camp. How many people have fled here?”
Nama leaned on a walking staff, which had replaced the ladle. She peered up at Ryoka, suspiciously.
“You say this as if you are surprised, Ryoka. Everything dies. So why not worlds? In the past, they did not come here. But of late, he has allowed them to flee here. Like that large thing which tried to eat you. But mostly, they behave.”
Another clue in place. That was why Melidore had offered Mavika and the [Witches] sanctuary. When their craft died and their time had come.
Ryoka shivered. It was merciful, generous even. But it was a downer on the lands of the fae.
“Yes, well, it is my home. And such is the mood of the place. When he feels happy, things will change.”
A tap on Ryoka’s head from the staff. Ryoka winced. Nama stared out, pointing ahead.
“You need to go in to find your Ivolethe. I would come with you, but…if I go, there will be conflict. Then again, maybe I should.”
She hitched up her apron, reminding Ryoka of her disastrous city expedition. Ryoka held up her hands.
“No, wait. I’m getting better, Nama. You’ve done enough. I can guard my thoughts and see better.”
“I suppose you can.”
The hostess conceded after she eyed Ryoka up and down. She didn’t look convinced, though. She stood among the trees—suddenly she and Ryoka were far apart.
“I’ll be right here! Call my name if you get into trouble! But only do so if you must—you will have to run twice if I venture forth!”
Because she’d cause a fuss? Or lots of fights? Ryoka glanced back at the forest. The blizzard still raged; she hoped the King of Chivalry would be fine. Then again…if he wasn’t fine, Ryoka was dead.
Tentatively, she jogged forwards into the old world. She would have stayed, wandered up to the treant, walked across every home and asked each person why they were here and their story.
But this was not a forever-land. Time…was ticking on. Time was running out.
 
—-
 
Six times. Tyrion stood with his sword drawn, in the narrowing circle of safety. Beyond there—the fae fought. Not all of them, and not all with the same perfection of skill as Melidore and the warriors.
But they fought. Driving back the shadows. And the four.
Six times Melidore cut the bearded man’s arm from his shoulder. Each time, the shining sword severed something, and provoked pain.
