Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 22
Bethal Walchaís tripped Ieka. She watched the [Mage Lady] go down and strode forwards.
“Ryoka Griffin! You must meet Pryde and the others!”
The party began in style before it was even late morning.
 
—-
 
It was today. A party for the ages took place. The Circle of Thorns lay vanquished.
Tyrion’s sons were well.
And they had scarcely seen a day like this! Hethon and Sammial had attended events with their father before, but House Veltras was well-known for being the least demonstrative of all the houses. Even compared to the poorer House of El, which had been well-known for its merrymaking, ironically.
Just as crucially—this was no refined event for the nobility. This was a party, designed to attract the attention of people from another world. So—Ryoka, Laken, and Erin and all the others had pulled out all the stops.
Laken Godart himself greeted the heads of the Five Families. And that was a scene of dignity and circumstance. Neither party bowed and the [Emperor] himself offered the most concessions as he greeted them.
Yet still. Nobility stood on an [Emperor]’s land. Sammial and Hethon didn’t pay attention. Nor to the other greetings.
“I thought this was a party. Do we have to wait until evening for—”
Sammy was whining in Hethon’s ear as he looked around. Ryoka had gone off and Jericha was keeping them away from the fascinating [Witches] and the half-Troll and anything that looked remotely exciting.
“Our guests may arrive in moments. Or far later. I ask only that Lord Deilan, Lord Tyrion, and Lady Ulva join me in inviting them.”
Hethon’s head turned back.
“Wait, they’re doing something with the Wind Runner, Sammy. See?”
“I don’t care. I hate her. She’s boring and windy and she cries. I thought she’d be exciting.”
Sammy glowered at Ryoka, having apparently made up his mind. He’d probably go back to begging for stories in another minute. Hethon saw his father standing with the others.
“In the name of Izril, as Lord of House Veltras. I invite the guests to this gathering.”
“By the will of the House of El, I, Lord Deilan, and by the will of Maviola El, I call upon any guests to attend this place under the rules of hospitality and in peace.”
“I am Ulva Terland. If the [Emperor]’s guests deign to show themselves, be welcome. If not—do not tread this ground. For this day is a moment for those here alone.”
Then came the [Emperor]. Hethon craned his neck, but then Sammial was running off and Jericha dragged Hethon along after him. He thought he saw Ryoka whispering something—
“Where is the food? The entertainment? Jericha! You said this was a party!”
Sammial stared about, crestfallen. The streets were decorated, with garlands of flowers, bright paint, everything polished and the ceremonial area had been bedecked with the colors of summer.
But Sammy didn’t care. He had walked through great houses and stared at masterpieces of paintings, magical wonders. There weren’t the amazing Golems of House Terland—and they weren’t on one of Wellfar’s amazing ships!
It was disappointing to him. Sammy wandered off, whining, and Hethon quite missed the auspicious moment. He stomped after Sammy. But in truth, aside from the solemnity—he hadn’t missed much.
 
—-
 
No one immediately came after the invocation of the four. So—after a minute of silence, Laken Godart clapped his hands.
“It appears we will wait on our fickle guests, my subjects. Then—we shall begin this great event. My thanks, Lords and Ladies of Izril.”
