Solstice (Pt. 4)
Page 4
Othius snapped his reply. He had heard their fears. The spell was exponentially more powerful the more it was scaled up. The High Mages feared what it could do. But let it tear a hole between worlds! Let it bring him the armies the children had spoken of.
Let it be a worthy end, such that the world would ever remember his name. The Blighted King knew the incisive moment was still ahead. He waited, sitting impatiently, adjusting his clothing.
Laisa—Laisa felt something was going wrong. But she could not stop this. Not now.
 
—-
 
After about four hours of trekking through the undergrowth, Ryoka had trusted to the wind to see her to safety.
Her connection to it was immeasurably stronger than it had been in her first stage of perception. She felt it carry her around treacherous cliffs disguised in the underbrush, towards some destination—Ivolethe perhaps—and most crucially, away from the myriad dangers here.
The spiders were only the first of them. Twice, Ryoka had spotted vast shapes moving through the lesser trees amid the world-sized ones. Once, a shape high overhead, and a call so terrifying she’d huddled under a root network in fear for fifteen minutes before coming out.
Flora and fauna were strange. She passed by a perfectly red tree, taking care not to touch the bark, and did not eat any of the fruits or drink from the water of any stream.
And still—she felt the pursuers at times. In this modality, they were like distant blizzards sweeping across tens of miles away. Still so cold they sent wildlife running. And this time—she was sure she would not outrun them.
Perhaps her humble place in the forest was just as well. But Ryoka still cursed as she saw another flat lake barring her way. The wind urged her to not even go around the shore, and Ryoka did not trust the serene, glowing yellow-blue waters.
Anything could lurk there. And yet, for all she had seen great beasts, even chased strange predators away with the stink-potions, she had not seen one of the fae yet. No living forms of sentience besides the rabbit, the pursuers, and the warrior.
Ryoka was beginning to believe she would never meet anyone. That was when she did. The wind blew her left—and she came upon a door set into one of the vast trees.
It was slightly larger than she, but a homey thing, with a cut, decorative opening lined with glass at the top. No sign or windows or anything else, but Ryoka thought it was a wonderful little door.
She did not knock. Nor did the wind urge her that way. In fact, the instant Ryoka laid eyes on it, it tugged her urgently back. As if the wind itself had not expected the door to be here.
Hardly reassuring. Ryoka backed up, licking her lips nervously. The wind blew her backwards—
And nearly into the…foot…Ryoka stared at a huge, cracked toenail. Fungus and dirt underneath. Yellowing, unclipped. A foul odor. How had she not seen it a second before?
The answer came as she looked up at the tiptoeing giant thing behind her. It grinned, three eyes focused on her. Its skin was off-yellow, its ‘hair’ long, a continuous growth from its spine to its neck. It exhaled fumes with the noxious odor of putrid meat and—
At this point descriptions needed to end because Ryoka was already backing up. She scrabbled for a potion at her belt.
“W-wh—stay back!”
The thing did not answer her. It bent down, down, as it took a step as quiet as the rustle of leaves. It was so large one finger was larger than her. But still, it had crept up on her.
“Mortal flesh.”
