Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 11
She alighted on something held by a [Lady] watching with a [Chevalier]. Lady Bethal slowly licked the cupcake as she watched the drama. The frosting was red. Also? Glowing.
Ryoka stared at it. That was—she knew why the frosting was glowing.
Strongheart Sage’s Grass for a magical, glowing frosting. Some of the food, the recipes, had been supplied from Liscor. By an [Innkeeper] and her friends.
She should have been there. But she was not. Yet—this was why Ryoka was here.
It came to her in a moment. A memory, and the answer.
A memory of a little Gnoll, a farm.
A happy day.
Ryoka turned to the Satyr. Why was she wasting her time here? Because the fae were watching her. Even one of the three. Because it mattered. The party as a whole. This moment. Was it all a test?
The Satyr was smiling. She waited, expectantly. Perhaps waiting for Ryoka to fail. Some of the fae were, betting their fake gold against actual money with some of the nobility.
Ryoka smiled.
“Very well, Lady Satyr. May I at least try again if I fail?”
“I suppose so. But you had better try.”
She smiled at Ryoka. The Wind Runner took a few steps back and bowed.
“Thank you. Then—something even you have not seen before? A trick? Well, do you know how to do this?”
She took a breath. And before she could worry about it, she performed a trick.
Or rather, tricking. The Wind Runner ran and leapt, calling on the air and memory. She launched off one leg. And her other leg carried her up and around in an entire rotation. The same trick that had delighted Ivolethe.
A cork. But the wind carried her up. Ryoka rotated, spinning nearly three times the normal rotation, and landed, nearly falling over, but saving the landing. So…a triple cork in the air? She spread her arms and turned to face the Satyr and audience.
The fae stared—and then laughed. They applauded, shouting with delight.
 
“Flew! She flew! Yet not a flip or a spin! What was that?”
“Oho! The girl flips and turns and twists just so! Do it again!”
 
The Satyr herself was laughing with delight. She hopped, trying to imitate Ryoka, and then gave up.
“A sight I have never seen! What trick of legs and acrobatics was that?”
“Is it new, then?”
“Yes, yes! Show me! What things you Humans come up with!”
She pestered Ryoka, forgetting her fury in a moment. Ryoka showed her how she’d stood and did it again—minus the wind. The Satyr watched as Ryoka landed—then copied how Ryoka had stood.
She leapt and mimicked the Wind Runner exactly, cloven hooves and half-goat form twisting with amazing grace in the air. Ryoka’s jaw dropped as the Satyr landed.
“Another!”
The goat-fae demanded. Ryoka could have turned her down, but the Satyr and other fae wanted to see. And one of the three—
Ryoka obliged. Hethon and Sammial saw their father and Jericha arrive at last, through the party. All four watched as Ryoka spun and leapt, in amazing ways! Ways Hethon had never imagined someone could move!
The fae were copying her. Some with greater or lesser dexterity. But the Satyr kept pace.
So did the Level 40 [Tumbler], who was copying Ryoka’s moves. Moves from another world. All three were laughing; then the [Tumbler] performed a trick where she did a fast summersault-into-handspring. Ryoka didn’t even try that. You must have needed a Skill—
Or a Satyr. The goat woman copied the trick and the [Tumbler] gawked. The fae laughed, applauding Ryoka. And all was well.
Sammial Veltras was scolded by his father—then Jericha—and then Hethon punched him on the arm. Then came Ryoka Griffin, panting.
“Don’t do that again. Ever.”
