Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 5
Childish. Petty. Grand and mysterious. And that was one moment out of many. Each person found themselves talking to the fae, the center of their story for a night.
Ryoka Griffin felt it. Time was already strange here. She felt as if the fae had been there—as if some of those events had taken place before everyone had seen them here. Certainly, as she pushed forwards, shouting for attention, Lady Zanthia already wore the scarf as she summoned a pouting Eliasor to attend.
And Ryoka had shouted at once for everyone to listen to her. She waved her arms as people drew around her. Even some of the fae, wanting to listen. Ryoka looked around.
They were here! But where was—she turned to a figure standing to attention.
“Gamel, where is Laken?”
The [Knight] blinked. Ryoka stared at him blankly, confused. He was always by Laken’s side as a bodyguard! Gamel frowned at the oddity too. Then his brow cleared.
“His Majesty is occupied.”
“Where?”
“I—don’t know.”
Another frown. Ryoka stared at him. Laken was occupied? Okay. Well then.
She turned back as the [Witches] marched over, and Lord Tyrion and a dozen nobles walked into view. Then Ryoka’s head slowly turned back. Wait a sec.
“I’m sure…Laken…would want to be here. Gamel.”
The young man’s eyes crossed. He opened and closed his mouth.
“But he is—occupied—Miss Griffin. We should not bother him.”
But…Laken was an [Emperor]. And didn’t she need…? Ryoka’s mind struggled for a moment, but there was nothing to struggle with. It was like trying to fight nothing.
Nothing at all. Yet surely he’d want to—to—
Laken was not at the party of the fae. He was not here. He was occupied. Ryoka’s expression cleared at once.
Oh, of course he was. Well, the party would have to go on without the [Emperor]…why, exactly?
She strained. But it slipped away. And then—
 
—-
 
Since only one person from Earth was at the party, Ryoka summoned Riverfarm’s people, the nobility, and everyone else in earshot. She repeated the rules they had been told; this time with emphasis.
“Promise them nothing. Offer them nothing. Make no deals with them; there’s nothing to be gained here. Any [Merchant] who wants to sell your wares—if you want to wake up with a handful of flowers the next day, be my guest.”
The listeners stirred. Some of the [Traders] hesitated. The fae were flashing gold and gemstones at them. Ryoka felt the dream-like quality herself.
“Listen to me. Just don’t give offense. Don’t promise anything. Step out of this party—go to Riverfarm if you feel like you’re getting sucked in. Beyond that? They have rules too.”
She saw Lord Tourant’s son walking towards Riverfarm, abandoning the party. A few people joined him. She thought they might be the ones with the most sense. Ryoka felt like she was forgetting something—but there was nothing else she could say.
She eyed Lady Zanthia.
“Their deals are seldom ones you’d enjoy, milady. You—you should take off that scarf.”
The old [Lady] raised a hand to the thing around her neck, then shook her head. She fixed Ryoka with a stern eye.
“I will not. Rather, young lady, it seems you are exaggerating. There are deals to be made for the better. But they carry their deal of risk. As do all trades.”
Ryoka hesitated. That was true. It was just—with the fae, you really were dealing with the highest stakes. You couldn’t renege, or negotiate.
“Just be careful. Especially [Merchants]. You could lose all your goods if you try to sell them here.”
“I heard the flowers are worth something, though.”
