Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 16
He had prevented his escort from literally grabbing and tossing everyone present. Tyrion nodded curtly.
Briganda and Revi’s head swung left slowly as their ears caught wind of the name.
Lord Tyrion Veltras? They stared at the carriage, emblazoned with his crest, and the escort, which they had not noticed in their grief. Typhenous was carefully hiding behind Briganda, who was as tall as he was.
“Um. Ryoka?”
“This is Lord Tyrion Veltras. I’m sorry. It’s just they knew Erin—the person who passed.”
“I understand. As I said—I am aware of the moment. And in debt to you, Miss Griffin. Perhaps elsewhere, though?”
Tyrion bowed stiffly. Revi edged back. She and Typhenous had to grab Briganda; she’d gone stiff as a board.
“And that was…?”
Jericha turned to Ryoka. She did a double-take and Hethon eyed Ryoka worriedly. The Wind Runner looked as white as a sheet. After the meeting. No tears; although Revi had wiped her face on Ryoka’s shirt. But she looked like she had when they brought her in from the road, crossbow bolts still in her back.
“A Gold-rank team. Griffon Hunt. Please don’t hold it against them. They knew her well too.”
Another nod. Jericha stepped forwards and shakily, the reception began again. They were halfway through the speech Lady Rie had planned when—
“Ryoka! Ryoka! It’s you! It’s me! I heard you were h—”
Dustrider Charlay charged through the crowd, saw the gathering, and stopped uncertainly. She caught sight of all the staring faces. The sigil of House Veltras.
The Centaur turned dead white, made a whinnying sound, and turned and galloped away. Ryoka stared.
She did not laugh. You could have put together the best slapstick routine in the world and if you got hysteria from her, it would be hysteria.
But someone did laugh. No. Laugh was too weak a word for it. They guffawed. They roared with laughter. Howled with it.
Hilarity! The others, nobles, dignitaries, looked around in horror, trying to move out of the way. Someone was laughing at Tyrion’s expense?
It was funny. But to laugh now was to laugh at the Five Families. Who would dare? Jericha reached for her wand and two of House Veltras’ guards drew their blades.
“Who dares to mock House V—”
The bared steel produced a ringing reply two dozen times over. The crowd parted. And there—Ryoka saw a flash of color.
It was, of course…pink.
Lady Bethal Walchaís was doubled over in laughter, clinging to her husband. The Knights of the Petal surrounding her stood at the ready. Lady Bethal looked up and pointed.
“His face. Oh, Thomast. This is already everything I wanted!”
“Lady Bethal Walchaís?”
Ryoka felt stunned. She was here? Of course, Ryoka had sent an invitation to her. But to see her in the same spot as Tyrion…
“House Walchaís.”
Jericha muttered it like a curse. And lest you forget—Izril aside, Bethal stood on one side of a divide. With Magnolia Reinhart, who would have stood opposite Tyrion Veltras.
“Lady Bethal. Sir Thomast.”
“Lord Tyrion.”
The [Chevalier] bowed smoothly. Bethal waved a hand as she continued to chuckle.
“Delightful! And that is Miss Ryoka? We heard you were hurt! So delighted! Carry on, please! We’ll just be watching.”
‘We’? But look. Ryoka saw a group standing with Bethal. The Knights of the Rose, of course. She recognized Ser Kerrig. Welsca…
Dame Truvia would not be there. Ryoka felt another jerk. But then—someone in a yellow…tracksuit? Altered a bit, but—
Lady Pryde’s arms were bare, exposing some rather defined arms. She was watching Tyrion coolly with her escort. And then Ryoka felt it.
