Solstice (Pt. 9)
Page 10
“Aye. I’m so sorry, Ryoka. I never thought we would meet like this. I truly had no knowledge, or else…”
The fae shook her head. Ryoka reached for her hand.
“What did the prophecy say about me, anyways?”
“It says many things. I cannot tell you—”
“Of course.”
The Frost Faerie stuck out her tongue. And she was small, glittering. She hugged Ryoka, fiercely, with tiny arms. Then embraced her fully in her other form.
“You fool! It was a prophecy of ifs! Maybes! I searched for you, you know! When it was first spoken! But the fates never tell us when. So I searched and searched for a mortal like you until I was jaded and tired and bitter! And then, after so long, I met you when I had scarcely remembered it! That is how stupid prophecy works.”
“But why did you want to meet me so badly? If that’s not secret?”
Ryoka was afraid that Ivolethe wouldn’t answer. But Ivolethe laughed. She floated backwards as Ryoka slowly looked at the door. The Faerie King was returning.
“That I can tell you. The prophecy told me one day I would meet you and something would happen. I laughed to think of it! But it came true.”
“What was that?”
The fae stepped back. Then threw her arms wide as she danced in the air. And she laughed like snow falling.
 
“It said we would be great friends!”
 
Ryoka waited. But Ivolethe just laughed and laughed. And so did the fae.
“W-what? Just that? Best friends?”
“Nay! Just great friends! And isn’t that something worth waiting forever for?”
Ivolethe hugged Ryoka one last time.
 
“I will always be your friend. I wish I could come with you. But go. Go—and the wind will help you.”
 
She stepped back, face clouded by sorrow. Ryoka saw the gateway shrinking. She saw the Faerie King returning, though—and the trembling passage halted its end.
“Before you go, Ryoka Griffin. The fae do have something for you. What you have taken, keep. What you have learned, use. You are friend of the fae.”
Her eyes filled with tears. Ryoka sniffed.
“That’s enough of a gift for me, Your Majest—”
“Shh.”
He silenced her. Then he beckoned someone forwards.
“The might of the fae is dangerous in the wrong hands. But take this.”
Someone stepped out, looking awed and timid behind the Faerie King. Ryoka saw…a figure in plastic armor salute. She saw him holding out a plastic dagger.
Ryoka’s eyes went round. The soldier saluted.
“I think it might look different where you’re going. It does for me.”
Slowly, she reached out. Oberon took her hand as it closed over the little weapon. He looked in her eyes.
“It will avail you little against your true foes. But may it help you in some small way. I cannot see the future where you go.”
“Do I need it, your Majesty? This is—”
He smiled and nodded at her uncertainty.
“Yes. The time has come for you to do more than just run. Now go.”
She stepped through the gateway. Then it closed.
 
—-
 
The longest day passed. A terrible tragedy struck the world.
A party ended, with guests frightened, wondering what had happened. Each one unharmed—even the young woman who stepped out of the sky. Tyrion Veltras saw Ryoka’s pale face as she put something in her bag of holding.
The wind blew around her.
And the Blighted King celebrated. Something had happened. Not all of what he wanted but—he felt it coming. More and more.
He left the frightened children in Nereshal’s care, stepping around the corpses of his High Mages. The [Chronomancer] stared silently after the Blighted King’s back.
