Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 10
“You have breached hospitality, little boy. That was unwise of you.”
The Satyr slowly looked down. Sammy glared up at her. The glare slowly turned into uncertainty. And then…
A touch of fear.
The Satyr smiled. It was not a kindly smile. Her teeth were very sharp.
A harsh buzzing filled the air, and some of the nobles and people of Riverfarm groaned aloud to hear it. They knew that sound.
The fae around her abandoned their refreshments. They turned, eyes gleaming, turning…insectile? Predatory, at least. Their enjoyments and whimsy and kindness were one side of a narrow coin. On the other?
Cruelty and the delight in such things lay. The Satyr reached down as Sammial backed up. Hethon tried to bar her way. Across the party, Lord Tyrion and Jericha turned. House Veltras’ guards stirred.
“Stop.”
The Satyr stopped. Ryoka Griffin, panting, touched her arm. Just a touch.
The fae woman turned.
“You saw, windfriend. Did you not see him offend me twice, in word and then deed?”
“I saw.”
Ryoka wanted to curse Sammial. Why was he here? They should have kept him in Riverfarm! But of course he was attracted to this inner party. She kept her gaze on the Satyr.
“He’s just a boy. A rude one.”
“Then he should suffer for his tongue. I would only do that.”
The Satyr tilted her head. Ryoka half-nodded.
“He should. But his father won’t take kindly to the lesson. Please—”
Sammial made an outraged noise, but quietly. Ryoka looked at the Satyr, thinking what could be done to prevent a fight. Because if someone drew their weapon, she was sure one of the warriors would intervene. And then someone would die.
“—What do you want me to do to repay his insult, Lady Satyr?”
The fae’s eyes brightened. She looked at the Wind Runner, and then hugged Ryoka suddenly in delight. She smelled like, well, a goat, but not foul. Rather like a clean goat in a field of scented flowers. She smiled in delight, and then kissed Ryoka on the cheek.
“You know me? You know me! I did not think one of your ilk would remember!”
“Of course. Satyrs. I uh—Bacchus? Or Dionysus, if you prefer. I didn’t expect a Satyr to be here—do those words mean anything to you?”
“They do. But such things are not to be spoken of here. Well, someone remembers the stories!”
“Many people do.”
The harsh buzzing faded. The Satyr smiled; but she had not forgotten the insult. She looked Ryoka up and down and then laughed.
“For that, my anger is half appeased, little windfriend! If you wish to repay that boy’s offense, take it up!”
She pointed at Sammial. Ryoka licked her lips.
“How?”
The Satyr rolled her eyes as if it were obvious. She pointed at Sammial, then herself.
“Show me something I have never learned. Go on! Just as the boy demanded I do. Teach me something and I will forgo insult!”
“Ah.”
Shit. Ryoka’s mind whirled. She hated faerie rules. Because you couldn’t cheat like a Dragon. She doubted Pythagoras’ Theorem or some complex mathematical feat would be acceptable. Teriarch? It worked on him. The fae? They’d probably beat her to death.
How about how to be shot three times by a crossbow bolt and survive? Ryoka felt an urge to laugh. But this was serious. The Satyr was smiling in that way that said Ryoka had to answer now. Or the consequences would be the consequences.
Ryoka looked around. Think. Stories? No, but the Satyr wanted something. How to bake something? Make a trebuchet?
No, no, no. How about martial arts? But then—Ryoka doubted the Satyr didn’t know how to kick someone. Her eyes roamed the still area of the party ground, searching for inspiration.
