Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 28
“Ah, names. You are not worthy of mine. But—if you have to name me—”
He looked thoughtful for a second.
 
“Melidore. Call me that, whoreson.”
 
For a moment, his voice rang different than the others. Yet the insult still lay in those immortal words. Mavika and Ieka stirred. So too did the man he addressed.
Ryoka did not know Zedalien. But she saw the half-Elf’s eyes flash.
“Sir. I am no [Lord] of Izril. Nor do I know your station. But my mother was not what you name her. Retract your insult.”
He half-rose. Deilan and the others of the House of El had not seen Zedalien angrier in all the times they could remember. Melidore regarded him with calm eyes. Disparaging, and fearless. Such that even Zedalien wavered.
“Sit down, child. I did not insult your mother.”
Zedalien hesitated. The fae looked at him as the half-Elf lowered himself.
 
“I did not insult your mother. I insult you. Your mother. Your kin. Your entire race upon this world. If you would challenge me, I would gladly break every rule of hospitality and tear you to pieces before departing. Sit down.”
 
The half-Elf went pale. He sat. Because to stand would be to die. Yet he looked at Melidore, confused.
“I do not know you. What have my people done to offend you, sir?”
“You do not remember.”
Melidore relaxed. He sounded…disappointed. Zedalien shook his head hesitantly, questioningly. The fae looked at him, then turned his head, dismissing the half-Elf without a second thought.
“‘Twas all I wished to know from you. You do not remember your guilt. Begone with you, then.”
The half-Elf rose, hesitating, face flushed. But confused more than anything. He looked at Ryoka; she paused with her mouth full, gulped.
“I’m sorry.”
“You did not insult me, Miss Ryoka Griffin.”
He walked away, back straight.
Mavika was next. The fae named Melidore turned to her, smiling. He raised his cup.
“Will you not drink with me for the old days, witch? Your people stay so far from mine!”
He indicated the [Witches], who had indeed been loath to go near the fae. Mavika spoke, her cracked, whispering voice was wary as Ryoka had ever known her. Even Belavierr had not provoked this in her.
“We do not know your nature, strangers. You call us friend. But we do not remember. I do not remember, and I am second-oldest upon this land.”
“Yes.”
The eyes flickered again. Mavika half-hissed under her breath. Melidore regarded her.
“You are old and young, witch. And your craft fades. Such is the nature of witches. As steel replaces stone, so it has always been. The next time I dance upon this earth, the last of the witches may have long passed.”
She went pale. So did Ryoka, blanching. Was that threat or promise? Mavika half-rose.
“A boon, then, stranger. What may be done to avert witch’s fates? Before it is too late?”
She reached towards him, beseechingly. The fae’s eyes held hers for a moment.
 
“On the day your craft ends and the last of witches draw breath, make your choice. And for those who will it, I will open this world’s gate. That is my promise if you cannot avert your fate. Now go.”
 
The [Witch] stumbled. She turned and left. And the other pointed hats followed her. Ryoka had never seen Mavika look so shaken.
The last were Ieka and Ryoka. The figure drank, and ate lightly with his fingers. Ieka cleared her throat after minutes had passed. Hours? Melidore was just watching the party go on around him.
“Have you nothing for me, Lord Guest?”
She addressed him politely, sneaking glances at Ryoka. The man turned. He looked at Ieka, as if he had forgotten she was here.
