Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 18
Rie could have happily killed Ryoka. But the young woman looked so faint that Rie steadied her instead.
“Did she just say the party was ruined? Well, I’m not leaving until I have cake. And someone explains that statue to me!”
Bethal murmured around. Pryde glowered at her.
“Would you be silent? And besides—cake is extremely bad for your figure, Bethal.”
“I’m not the one trying to lift pieces of metal, Pryde. The things you think are fun.”
Their loud argument drifted past Rie, who was trying to—well, everything was ruined. Lord Tyrion’s eyebrow was twitching, Jericha was staring at Ryoka worriedly, and at any moment Sammial would ask what a ‘slut’ was.
Complete destruction. Chaos. Failure. And without an Erin to make it right. At this time, who could make it worse but someone drily coughing.
“Excuse me. We have been waiting to greet House Veltras for quite some time. Please tell me this event is not cancelled. I would hate to have travelled this far for nothing.”
“I’m so sorry, Lord El. Miss Griffin is just overwrought—”
El? Ryoka’s head slowly rose. The great weight on her—she looked up and saw a scholarly nose and features. By that, rather than a warrior’s thickset build, someone who looked more at home investigating scrolls. Writing notes.
Overseeing the construction of a magical item.
The man looked at Ryoka quizzically. Both were sure that they had never met. Yet—one knew the other.
“You are Ryoka Griffin.”
“Y-yes. Who are you?”
The man smiled. His bodyguards and the nobility around him looked offended. Ryoka saw two dozen people, male and female, and their escorts. Even children. And she realized it was a group.
They were all nobility. The man inclined his head.
“I am Lord Deilan El, head of the House of El. I greet you, Wind Runner of Reizmelt, on behalf of Lady Maviola. I hope this occasion is not cancelled. Or her last wishes will have been for naught.”
The House of El? Ryoka stared. How—?
Maviola El. Lord Tyrion was turning to Deilan, recognizing the man belatedly at last. Deilan greeted Lord Tyrion.
“You received my missive, Lord Deilan?”
“As a matter of fact, Lord Tyrion, the House of El was already planning on the Riverfarm event before now. We had received the invitation—but it was a letter from our House’s matriarch that moved us to certainty.”
“A letter?”
Deilan looked at Ryoka and half-smiled. He was the one who had spoken when he heard Maviola’s name. And grief—it was written across the House of El’s faces. Two dozen of their number had come with him, bringing over a hundred servants and escorts.
“Before her demise, Maviola El made preparations in the event of her death. She had…hoped to attend personally. But we promised to carry out her will regardless.”
Two of the Five Families stood there. A number of House Veltras’ nobility were already here; Sammial pointed out a [Hawk Lady]—an aunt, conversing with a huge, slightly odorous man.
Lord Gralton Radivaek. A few panting dogs raced about. And Ryoka felt something in her head. In her chest.
Hope.
Lord Deilan and Lord Tyrion looked at each other, and then at Ryoka.
“Miss Ryoka Griffin. I believe you needed three of the Five Families present for your party.”
“How did you know…?”
She looked at Tyrion. The [Lord] glanced at Jericha. The [Aide] sighed.
“Miss Griffin. When you did not wake up, we communicated with Emperor Laken Godart as to your wishes. We have known Lord Deilan will arrive. And there is at least one Wellfar, present.”
“But I needed—”
