Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 15
“Absolutely, Miss. However, I can’t pay the forfeit of that knowledge, I’m sure. I guess I’ll live the rest of my life not knowing who I met. Or of your august nature, milady. It’s a shame, but that’s the way life goes. I’ll take the question to my grave.”
On a hunch, she turned her back and began to wander back into the party. Ryoka determinedly thought—what a shame. Guess I’ll never know. And no one else will either.
The figure blocked her path. The Drake-serpent—no, the figure behind her spoke. And Ryoka heard the imperious flash in her voice.
“I am a Wyrm, girl. Sikeri’val-Toreshio-Maresssui, or so it is in the plain, worthless tongue. I came for my half-kin who still walk this world. For this day of days, in this company. And for free food.”
Her eyes caught Ryoka’s. And the Wind Runner fell—fell—
And landed in the same place. She looked up, and there, behind the Wyrm.
She was coiled upon the ground, upon herself. No wings! No legs! But a being that could not be compared to insects or pathetic little worms. Half of her was Draconic—she was no worm, no Wyvern! She was a—
Wyrm.
Ryoka gaped up at her. And she looked around and realized; no one stood to the left or right of her, or behind. They kept their distance, as she moved around them. The woman bared her teeth and Ryoka’s soul quailed.
But. She had seen a Dragon. The Wind Runner held her position, though her knees shook. This was a Wyrm not born of this world. Of that she was certain. Slowly, she bowed.
“I have met one of your kin, milady Sikeri’val.”
“I know.”
The Wyrm hissed. Her real voice made Ryoka’s bones fidget in her body.
“I had thought to meet him. But he is not here. A pity. Still. This company came only for the trivial pleasures of it. So too, I. You have your answers. I cannot help you with what you desire.”
Ryoka nodded slowly. One of the other two, then. And she thought she knew which one. She began to back up—
Sikeri slithered around her, uncoiling and moving so fast that Ryoka barely saw her appear from the other side. She was so vast that a single bite could have swallowed many Ryokas whole. And yet she was smaller in this place—and still her size.
Time and space. The Wyrm spoke again.
“I also came for another reason. A prophecy. Don’t you want to know what it is?”
Ryoka felt a prickle on her spine. She glanced up into those eyes again—jerked her head away too late.
“N-no. I’m fine. Really. I’d better get going, milady…”
She edged away. Again, the huge form moved. Encircling her. The head bent low. And the whisper—this time Ryoka’s entire body shuddered.
“It involves you.”
Ryoka’s head jerked. She stopped. Sikeri smiled once more. Ryoka saw a dancing tongue.
“The others, they will not tell you it even exists. Let alone what it is. But I am not of the Faerie King’s court. Merely a guest in his realm. I could tell you what it is. For a price.”
“Why do I think I couldn’t afford it, milady?”
Ryoka looked around for an escape. But none came and no one else would budge Sikeri. The Wyrm bent lower, until she was but inches away with her real form from Ryoka’s face.
“You can. And you would not suffer for it, believe me. All I want is a promise. A teensy promise for the future. It may never come to pass.”
The young woman looked into one huge eye. And she began to lose herself in the depths again. Ryoka tried to pull away. But it was so hard—
“Just promise me. And I will tell you what was spoken of you.”
Her voice was so enticing. Ryoka’s hand clenched. Something cold froze her skin. Pain woke her slightly. She spoke, in a trembling voice.
