Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 6
“Suit seal compromised! She tore off my helmet like it was—wait. What?”
Ryoka backed away as the others blazed their guns at her.
“Hey. Can you hear me now?”
The figure raised a hand.
“Cease fire! Cease fire! I just established communications!”
He looked around wildly.
“I’m—I’m not dead? I’m breathing—”
“Soldier! Restore your gear now before—”
“Can you tell her to shut up?”
Ryoka pointed at the commander. The soldier hesitated.
“Commander, are you getting any of what this person’s saying?”
He stared at her. And seemed to see her at last. Indeed, he looked around incredulously—then at his toy gun.
“What is this?”
“We don’t have any communications with this creature. Just the sonic communications which we haven’t translated—”
“Tell them to take off the helmets. They’re getting in the way.”
The…alien…stared at Ryoka. She stared back. He holstered his firearm, staring at the cheap toy, then at Ryoka.
“…How do I know this isn’t a trick?”
Ryoka sighed.
“Well, if I wanted to, I probably could have kicked all your asses. Your guns aren’t working.”
His eyes widened.
“You’re familiar with firearms? You have an understanding of technology?”
“Yes I do. What are you, wearing, spacesuits?”
He frowned.
“…You mean our battle armor? And our rifles…”
He glanced at the toy gun. Ryoka shook her head.
“What are you doing? You don’t bring technology into the lands of the fae! They’re toys! Are you—mortal? Are you from space?”
The stranger gave Ryoka a long, puzzled look.
“We’re all from space. Unless this place doesn’t have a stratosphere? Is it even a planet? Are you from here…Miss?”
“Nope. So you’re spacefaring people?”
“That’s right. What planet are you from?”
He was muttering into his toy wrist-radio to the others. Glancing at Ryoka. She saw a fake-looking scanner beam play over her and folded her arms.
“I see that. Stop scanning me!”
She snapped at one of the helmeted figures. He recoiled and the beam snapped off.
“But I was scanning her on a non-refractable wavelength—”
Ryoka wasn’t sure if the Kings Arthurs was crazier—or this was. The figure looked at her uncertainly.
“Your home star? Miss?”
“Um. I don’t know what it is. We just called it the sun. Sol? And I’m from Earth.”
Ryoka saw the alien look around. One of the others cautiously removed his helmet and gaped at her and then his suit and weapons. The alien raised a finger—one of eight.
“Which Earth?”
 
—-
 
Communication took about twenty minutes. Forty, before their commander removed her helmet. Ryoka was sitting on a rock, as they looked around, mystified.
“Perspective? Magic? Commander, this is clearly misinformation.”
One whispered through their crackling radio network. Ryoka threw a rock at him.
“If I’m wrong, why can I hear you and why are your guns as good as spit, huh?”
She flickered down the layers of perspective and—
–They were tall. Ryoka gulped as she stared up at one of the giant suits of armor and the half-translucent visor. It did indeed resemble something close to a moon-landing helmet. But set into the kind of battle gear that belonged in science fiction.
The barrel of one of the guns tracked her, glowing with unspent power. She saw one of the figures, helmet off, blink. The others reacted at once.
“Hold on. Now I’m getting all kinds of scans. Basic biology. Unknown dimensional compartment, but Threat Rating of Three—no advanced metallurgy, no dangerous chemical compounds—”
Ryoka switched back and the toy-armor and weapons returned. She took a breath.
“You’re in the wrong place for your kind of weapons.”
“I think that has become clear.”
