Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 1
They were mad because Luan had volunteered to help with their mission hunting Hydras. Not people—but he’d been out of sorts since he kept having to dodge [Bounty Hunters] who wanted that stupid claim on him the Iron Vanguard had posted. The only way to overturn it was to match the bounty and the United Nations company didn’t have the funds.
So he’d come with some prospective new rangers. Someone had gotten it in their heads to make it a tough mission. Weed out the idiots who thought this was fun and games—especially those who hadn’t seen actual fighting and been found after the United Nations company settled in Talenqual.
It was stupid—but there was some logic to it. Daly had told Siri and Tofte to ensure it didn’t get out of hand. Sure enough, the bugs, the hiding and stalking for two days had made some of the new recruits give up the moment they got back to the city. The Bushrangers had done a forced march of nearly thirty kilometres there, and again on the way back.
No huge packs, bags of holding and stamina potions—but still. It was exhausting, especially the lifting of Hydra meat, fighting, setting up traps—
No Rustless Vanguard or the other teams that sometimes joined with theirs for this mission either. Dullahans moved too slow, and the Hydras hadn’t necessitated splitting the rewards. So, a no-fun, all-Human experience. That Drake and some of the ‘non-Earth’ volunteers had been left behind as well on clinic guard-duty to allow the Earthers to be themselves.
What made Dawson and the others so hopping mad was that despite not having Skills and being almost as green as the other prospective adventurers, Luan had marched there and back, and outdone all of them in terms of keeping his energy up and being the most active member.
“He was going to the Olympics, Dawson. What’s there not to get?”
“As a paddler!”
“Say that when he’s about and he’ll smack you. Say it closer to me and I’ll do it. So what? He was in better shape than we are now. Still is.”
The others grumbled. It amazed Daly. He’d seen how fast Luan was on the water. They all had. You wanted to say that Dawson—decently in shape, good guy most of the time—was a match for one of the world’s top athletes? Even if that was in water?
“You know those terrible rugby players, basketball, baseball, football—whatever you want? The ones who’re in the worst teams in the sports leagues, Dawson?”
“Want me to start a list, Daly? What’s the point?”
“You bring them to a college team. High school team. And they’ll destroy the competition. And that’s the bad players. Luan’s in good shape. Deal with it.”
The Bushrangers stopped quarrelling as the door opened. Luan emerged, bug bite-less and stretching.
“Next. Sorry it took so long. Turns out…we have leeches.”
“Fucking hell.”
Dawson exploded. The others checked themselves. Luan grimaced.
“Below the skin. Get a thorough check out. I’m off. Daly—your team’s got nerves of steel. I only wish you had skin like that.”
“Get us some Stitchfolk and we will. Thanks, Luan.”
The [Expert Rower] smiled as he grasped Daly’s arm. The [Axe Warrior] resisted the urge to scratch at his bites or stare at his skin. Geneva could not come fast enough; Siri was in the checkup room like a shot. Luan shuddered.
“I’m not doing that again. And I think those idiots chasing me gave up. I’ll do a delivery. You have my sincerest respect.”
