Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 1
And they were here. The fae! Ryoka Griffin stared about as one cartwheeled past her, laughing. She caught a narrow face, eyes without pupils, dark, glittering. Wings—
A pixie? Only, human-sized! She leapt, and gravity forgot to touch her. Flashing past a Level 40 [Tumbler] soaring through the air. The performer from Invrisil gawked as much as the fae, and nearly missed her landing.
“You did it, Ryoka. You did it!”
Someone cried out. Durene. The half-Troll girl looked around for Ryoka, crying out in relief. She had not known all of the stakes, but she knew enough. Ivolethe—Ryoka’s party. And the wounded friend.
She had worked so hard for this moment. And it had happened at last! She wanted to find Ryoka and hug her. She saw the young woman, standing at the edge of the party. Durene ran over—and stopped.
It was true. This was the day. Or rather—evening and soon night. But it would be the grandest of parties. Three heads of the Five Families. The Summer Court. A hundred small miracles to make one grand one.
Everything she wanted. The Wind Runner had it now, the opportunity of a lifetime that might never come again. The third great party of the fae in this world in living memory.
And now they were here at last? Ryoka Griffin swayed on her bare feet. She was shuddering, dead white. Durene stared at her.
Why?
She did not understand. Ryoka had realized in that moment that she had not known what to expect. What form had she expected the fae to take? Honestly—
A version of the Winter Sprites. Like Erin’s first party for the fae, where they had entered her inn and devoured her foods, in miniature form.
Not this. She had not been here for the second party, when the summer fae had arrived. She had not seen them and no one had spoken of it in that detail, thinking Ryoka knew.
But their appearances here—were far different than the Winter Faeries. And to Ryoka, they conjured half-forgotten horror.
They had only taken this form in front of her once.
She remembered a fire. Visitors on a Solstice day. Lost fingers.
Ryoka reflexively looked around. But saw no…shadows. No mist. In fact, shadows were practically banished among the light, the sound—
But it was this day. And for a moment, the Wind Runner felt it. This was a moment. A time when great good—or ill—could occur.
She stirred herself after another second, realized Durene was there. Ryoka blinked. And the dark memory was gone. The glowing fae were like a beacon against the darkness. So long as they were here—no evil could intrude. No poison or treachery suffered!
So long as you were here. Ryoka walked forwards, into the gathering of the fae.
 
—-
 
Across the world, the Blighted King, Othius IV, who had reigned for longer than most mortal men had been alive, even half-Elves, saw the grand ritual begin.
No great gathering had been assembled the second time. No hundreds of Rhir’s finest nobility, warriors, and witnesses.
This ritual took place in secret. Far underground. In a vast, empty space cleared of everything except the magical circle.
To any student of magic, it was a strange conjuration. It had no reason to it. The magic circle itself was the most complex spell in existence. Undead servants and living [Mages] had labored without rest to draw the incredibly complex, minute patterns. Not a single part could be wrong. And yet—the circle had completed itself near the end. Repairing small mistakes.
That was already grand magic. And it frightened the [Mages] because they could neither understand it nor decipher any part of it. It was not magic as they knew it.
