Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 34
“Fine. I thought it meant something better! So that City Runner said that you and father…”
Sammial’s forehead wrinkled as he thought about what Persua had said of Ryoka.
“Oh. No wonder Jericha smacked her. Okay. She should have been beaten twice as much!”
Apparently, he knew what sex was. The little [Lord] glowered. Ryoka sighed.
“Good. Just don’t ask—”
She was straightening when she saw Jericha’s wrathful face. The woman was standing right behind her.
Ryoka flinched. Hethon and Sammial looked up.
They saw the angry caretaker and ran.
“Miss…Ryoka Griffin. What are you teaching Lord Hethon and Lord Sammial?”
“Er…language?”
The boys shot out of sight. Jericha looked like she needed a stamina potion. She elected not to go right after them and glared at Ryoka.
“And why did you decide to teach them that crude word?”
“Because no one else would? And they kept asking people. I’m sorry—but someone had to tell them or that kid, Sammial, would have asked Ulva Terland or someone.”
Ryoka held up her hands. Jericha blanched at the thought.
“That would not have been…appropriate. I see. Well—Ullim would normally have instructed the boys!”
“…Is he here? I don’t know who that is.”
“No, but—”
The [Aide] looked put out. Ryoka stared at her.
“I’m sorry. Someone had to tell them. And you didn’t. Don’t they have other caretakers?”
The woman hesitated.
“Lord Sammial can be—difficult. His aura, his nature…he lost his mother at a young age. Few can resist his commands. I am one of them, but most [Carers], no. We have made attempts. But Ullim and I are his main guardians. And Lord Veltras is often indisposed.”
Poor kids. Ryoka had a flash of nostalgia herself. Give Sammial a few years and some of Earth’s culture and he’d be doing the same stuff she did. Jericha looked at Ryoka in silence. After a moment, she blew out her cheeks.
“Well, I suppose Lord Sammial will stop asking. Is all to your satisfaction, Miss Griffin? Lord Tyrion bade me check.”
“Almost.”
Ryoka lied. She had not seen the fae. And they—she looked up at the sky. It was already evening?
The day was running out. And the fae had not arrived. Ryoka stared up at the orange sky in despair. But it was the Summer Solstice! She had done…everything Teriarch had suggested.
But he hadn’t been sure. Maybe…maybe that was it. Ryoka had done everything right. And sometimes it wasn’t enough.
What else could she do? Ryoka closed her eyes, trying to think.
“The statues? Where’s—”
She spun. A sudden thought of panic striking her. Had Laken…? She’d asked about the gifts, the bribes, the things Teriarch had planned. But what about—
Ryoka went running. Jericha wavered between her, the two kids, and decided to have a cupcake.
The Wind Runner ran. Laken had forgotten to—
She found the statue of Ivolethe in the gazebo. Ryoka stared up at the carved face. The inscription.
 
The Winter’s Savior, Ivolethe.
 
It was made of stone. And it was not the only one. Laken Godart had commissioned multiple statues of her. Ryoka fell to her knees. She could almost see her friend again. The sculptors had based it on the little, frozen statue.
She took it out now, put it on the pedestal upon which the large statue stood. Ryoka’s head bowed. The statues were here.
Tyrion, Deilan, and Ulva were here.
The party was in full-swing.
Laken had invited them.
Everything was ready. But Erin was dead. The world was not right. Ryoka rested her head on the cold marble. Tears ran down her cheeks at last.
Barelle the Bard took the stage. Even the Players of Celum were silent. The [Bard] raised his harp. To sing of the [Innkeeper] of Liscor.
