Solstice (Pt. 5)
Page 1
It had begun so small. She saw it, some history revealing itself to her unspoken. First had come the guests, and a great competition. A gathering that would last beyond their transient visits.
They had erected this city in honor of the fae, and in the glorious first days, the Summer and Winter Courts and all nature of fae had danced with the otherworlders. This glorious place had been the bazaar between worlds. A crossroads by which all might enjoy.
She passed by a broken building whose glass was so sharp that a single cut of a single broken pane lying on the ground would have never been healed. She walked past statues faded, their homages to great rulers and places lost.
Time had not wrought this. Time alone could not. Not here, in this place. To look upon some of these buildings, materials that would not ever fade or break—was to realize that something else had broken the buildings like rubble.
Loss. Neglect. The stream of visitors had slowed. The lives that had lit up this place abandoned it.
Something terrible had occurred. So terrible that the countless worlds ceased to pour hence. Then, this city had become what she saw.
A memorial of glory. The Wind Runner walked across it.
The silence was vast.
The city changed with each street. Hinting at what marvels must have been.
There was a terrible allure to it now, broken as it was. A different kind of beauty.
But not one that she could revel in.
She was being watched. The Runner shivered, and wished for the forest.
But everything had changed. And she feared to enter the forest once more. To call Nama’s name and see the true sorrow of her house. The two framed pictures that were not pictures.
Loss.
Ryoka was rounding a corner when she heard…voices. They came from a ruined building. A street with more life in it than many others.
In the distance, a building blazed with light against the sudden dark. A perpetual gloom infested this city. There could never be glorious sun here. Not amid tragedy. Ryoka saw, ahead of her, figures entering and leaving…
“A pub?”
Perhaps. A tavern, an…inn…
Just a building. A timeless structure, where all peoples came to mix and mingle and rest. Ryoka stumbled towards it, down another worn street, past buildings in disrepair. One had all but collapsed, and she saw, in the distance…
People. Some of them were singing. Others talking. A few walked in circles, as if confused. Just…passing time. Many more lay inside. Ryoka longed for someone to talk to her, for directions. She realized she’d have to pass by the ruined building, part of which blocked the street, to get to the pub.
It was so bright and alluring. Ryoka stared at the windows; they looked like there were hundreds, each one a glowing pane exposing the lovely refuge. An inn. Perhaps she might find…?
She was trying to climb over the rubble blocking the street. It was piled high, but there was a route leading up across the slope. A steep drop on the other side, she realized. Like a wall. Had someone done this? She saw the neatly-assembled rubble a second before a figure rushed at her out of the dark.
“Intruder! Begone! Begone, I say!”
A figure ran at her. Ryoka whirled. Nama had given her no weapons, just the foot wraps, but she had hinted Ryoka had useful items. The Pepperspray potion was in Ryoka’s hand. She had uncorked it to toss in the face of—
The little boy charged at her with the stick. His clothes were ragged, his face and body dirty. His ears were slightly pointed, but his face was twisted in surprising fury as he waved the stick at her.
Ryoka stared. She raised the potion—then held up a hand.
