Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 13
For the shortest night—the briefest day. That was Ryoka’s gift for all she had done. Ivolethe took her flying. She called the wind and blew them like tiny leaves into the tallest tree imaginable. Taller than imagination, and perched upon the branches.
Ryoka ran across a single leaf, marveling at it, and Ivolethe made it fall. Ryoka rode it down, a natural rollercoaster flipping and dancing through the air to the ground.
They stole sweets from other fae, bringing back their gifts from other worlds. They danced upon frozen lakes, and then watched them warm and fled the angry behemoths in the depths.
There was no danger here. Not with Ivolethe. Even the King of Chivalry’s aegis couldn’t compare to her presence. She was of this land. A member of the highest court. The Winter Fae.
It was glorious. And too brief. Ryoka and Ivolethe paused, gasping, and Ryoka pointed at the fading sun, which had only begun to move when she had met Ivolethe.
“It’s not long enough! Even this is too short, Ivolethe!”
She wanted to weep, even as she was having the best moments of her life. The faerie shook her head, sadly, and happily.
“It never will be. That is what makes it so precious. That is why we envy you mortal folk, for all your pain and grief and suffering. It matters. Each moment you draw breath matters more to you than we.”
“We only have this short day to talk?”
Ryoka grabbed Ivolethe’s hands. The faerie scoffed at her words.
“Only a day? Yes! You did what few have ever done. Do you think it was a small feat? Do you think it changed nothing? You won a day in the land of the fae. Do not think you will ever be the same.”
It was true. Ryoka had no idea what would happen when she returned. Nor did Ivolethe. She was not all-seeing, all-knowing.
She was not a god. But she was powerful. Strong enough to command the Wild Hunt to abandon its chase. To defy the faerie king’s order. She scoffed at that last as they sat, watching a waterfall’s mists drift into an abyss.
“Anyone can defy his orders. From the lowest pixie to the greatest of our court. But no one can escape his wrath.”
“Was he angry with you?”
Ryoka turned anxiously, feet dangling over the drop into blackness. Ivolethe turned her head, her smile waning slightly.
“A bit. I interfered with your death. Such things are not done lightly. Let alone in your world.”
“Is mine special?”
“We have sworn not to interfere. So he punished me, yes. Most of it was just what you know. That we might never meet again.”
“But we are.”
“So we are.”
Ivolethe was so sanguine about it that Ryoka narrowed her eyes.
“Ivolethe…what happened?”
“I was punished. Part of it was prophecy. No doubt I will be punished again for meeting you. It is…whatever.”
She flicked her fingers, so casual that Ryoka knew it was not. She also knew her friend didn’t want to say what had happened. Ryoka’s fingers tightened on the crumbling stone cliff.
“Did it—hurt?”
The Winter Faerie paused for a moment.
“Only a bit. We are immortal, Ryoka. I would have suffered ten thousand times that to meet with you.”
Ryoka sniffed. Ivolethe kicked her off the cliff. She shouted as Ryoka caught herself and flew back up.
“Stop sniveling! Today is a grand day! My friend has done what few could even dream! Let us laugh! Let us celebrate and not weep until afterwards! Let the consequences come! But this time is for you and me. I am proud of you.”
“You are?”
Ivolethe reached down and pulled Ryoka up.
“Of course I am, fool.”
The young woman smiled. She saw Ivolethe roll her eyes.
