Solstice (Pt. 4)
Page 6
And she found herself sitting in a comfy, nature’s home. A seat made of a stump, a smooth table, a kitchen leading into the dining room, and two open windows that revealed nature without a guard of glass.
She looked around, and found she was holding a wooden mug and staring down at a plate of food. The woman smiled at her.
“Your wind is rather flighty. It should have taken you out of the forest long ago, but perhaps it feared the Winter Court more than what lay here. Silly wind.”
She blew something into the air and it swirled about before landing on the floor. Tea leaves? She also addressed the breeze around Ryoka as if it were one kind of wind.
“Of course it is. Now, eat. It has been far too long since your kind stepped foot in my home. I hope what you have is to your liking?”
Again, the woman spoke. Ryoka jumped; but like Sikeri…she peered into her mug. She saw a thick liquid, creamy, slightly yellow…she took a suspicious sip.
Eggnog? With nutmeg? That was what it seemed to Ryoka. She smacked her lips then stared at the pancakes and eggs with syrup on them that the woman had been cooking. Ryoka blinked at her cup, and realized it was the fifth one she’d had.
“I don’t know—excuse me, thank you for saving me.”
“Would you stop saying that, Miss Ryoka? It’s the sixth time, you know. Gratitude wears.”
A spoon tapped Ryoka on the head. Hard. The woman handed Ryoka another cup. The Wind Runner realized she was sipping—and she’d eaten part of the food in front of her! She put down the fork instantly.
“I—I shouldn’t do this. Eat food? Here? Thank you for saving me, but I don’t even know who—what—you are.”
She stared at the woman with trepidation. How had she sat long enough to have five cups of drink? The food? She was sure this woman didn’t know how to make fluffy pancakes and processed butter the exact way Ryoka liked them, and if they had factory-produced chicken eggs…
“Sit. My, you’re a strange one. So anxious.”
This time the bonk on Ryoka’s head actually made Ryoka see stars. She slumped into the chair and the woman tsked.
“When I invite someone into my home, they will partake of my hospitality. What you eat is what you desire.”
“P-pancakes and eggs?”
“More reassuring than some grand feast, I imagine. What a delightful little drink you have.”
The woman had a cup of her own, sipping it as if she had no idea what she’d served Ryoka. She smiled, and was sitting before Ryoka could blink.
“I know, I know, it’s all sudden and you’re terribly frightened. Mortals often are. Especially when they used to get lost in this forest. Those who met me—well, they were usually braver sorts than you. But you must have been special to get here. Even today.”
She looked Ryoka in the eye. Ryoka opened her mouth—
“Your friend? Ah, she’s not here.”
—Time fast forwarded again. Ryoka stared at the slight stain around a cup; sure proof that you needed a coaster. She stared up in alarm and the eyes twinkled at her.
Green, like hers, amid brown. The…brownie…if that was what she was, rolled her eyes.
“I know it’s impolite. But you’re in a hurry, so I thought you needed the content without the delivery. How do you feel? Another cup?”
Ryoka realized her bladder was empty, her stomach was full—but she’d been digesting it, and she felt relaxed. Her bug bites were soothed, and the chafing on her feet? She stared at the bandages wrapped around her bare feet, a primitive but effective foot covering.
“How long was I here?”
“Five minutes. And five hours. Would you like to sleep?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“I ate faerie food—”
