Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 11
Apparently the Wind Runner had flown on her last stage of her trip! Through the typhoon! Hethon wanted to ask—again, not the time.
At ‘other vehicles’, Jericha did the peering thing she did with the spectacles that Hethon liked, but Ryoka was too distracted to notice.
“I see. However—that will not be necessary. Lord Veltras, the carriage is ready.”
“Very well, Jericha. Ride with Miss Ryoka and my sons. Hethon. Sammial. You are to give Miss Griffin peace.”
That was an odd statement to Ryoka—until she realized something.
They’d attached the carriage to Lord Tyrion’s horse. She stared as the man rode, on a unique contraption.
“You see—Lord Veltras is a superior rider. By this means, we can easily reach Riverfarm within the hour. It is an honor few are granted.”
To make a [Lord] into, well, a [Driver]! Hethon hadn’t understood until now why they normally rode in a regular carriage. Sammial bounced up and down. He loved the sensation of speed.
“And it can go forty miles an hour? What about eighty?”
Tyrion’s head turned back to Ryoka.
“…I can reach that speed. In a carriage it would be difficult. That will not be necessary today, I believe. Nor will I attempt it, Sammial.”
“There are those who believe such speeds will inevitably destroy vehicles, unless they are relic-class, Lords Hethon, Sammial.”
Jericha adopted her lecturing tone of voice; she often supplemented their [Tutors]. Ryoka made a sound. Hethon glanced at her. She just looked out the window as if it were normal to see the ground blur so.
Another clue. If Ryoka Griffin’s mind was like static. If the world were turned upside down.
If Erin was dead…she was taking it pretty well. Look how well she was taking it. Ryoka hadn’t tossed herself in front of the carriage. Or stabbed herself with the butter knife. She’d blown the winds by accident.
She was perfectly. Calm.
Tyrion Veltras, riding with his escort around him, boosted by his Skills, watched as, beyond him, the wind snapped the branches of the trees of a nearby forest. He forbade comment.
Ryoka Griffin sat there, listening to Sammial asking if he could try a flying carpet—how fast did they go? And so on. She was just—
Relaxed. Amazed at how steady she was. Because she would not panic. She would not weep.
Not now.
The Summer Solstice. Ivolethe. All Ryoka Griffin had to do was—
Bring.
Erin.
Back.
If she failed, she could break into pieces. Teriarch. She had to talk to Teriarch! Maybe he’d be there. He had promised. Surely. He had mended her heart. What was a frozen body to a Dragon? No, wait, he definitely had some grand healing artifact. She’d trade anything he wanted for it. Anything in the world. Surely…
What if it failed? Maviola wasn’t there. And Magnolia—
If she failed—if—
Erin was dead.
Calm. Ryoka inhaled.
It was a long ride, for how short it was. In time, Jericha saw fit to press Ryoka. Gently. But she had to. She let Hethon and Sammial fight over the Box of Wonders where they were conjuring armies to fight each other.
“No fair. You can’t use [Knights]!”
“Says who? Stop using [Mages], then, Sammy.”
“Miss Ryoka. I feel at this moment I must clarify some matters with you.”
Jericha spoke. Sammial and Hethon glanced up, listening covertly. Ryoka started.
“I’m fine. What? Sorry.”
The [High Mage] gave Ryoka a moment. But she was insistent.
“Miss Ryoka. Lord Veltras considers his debt to you a matter of honor. Few occasions would ever merit his attendance on such short notice. Let alone unasked, with his sons recently recovered—”
“We’re fine, Jericha.”
