Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 15
They were practiced at it, having welcomed scores of nobles already. In fact—some of the nobility were here, murmuring, to see it themselves.
Lord Veltras, here. For this party—which they all understood was not just for an [Emperor]’s whimsy, but some grand event with special guests.
And someone had organized it. Called it together, prevailed on the [Emperor] to make it happen. That was the rumor. That it was in fact—
The Wind Runner of Reizmelt. She stood there a moment, as she left the carriage. Lady Rie focused on Ryoka for a moment—but she had frozen when she saw Lord Veltras. Nervously, licking her lips—she spoke. She had no plans for this party other than to make sure it went exactly as Laken wanted it.
“Lords of House Veltras, we are honored by your presence. The Five Families stand! The Unseen Empire and Riverfarm welcomes you on behalf of—”
“Ryoka! Ryoka!”
Someone burst past the others. They’d barely noticed the [Lord] of House Veltras. The guards turned—Jericha held up a hand as a sobbing Stitchgirl ran towards Ryoka.
Revi. The normally-taciturn [Summoner] was sobbing. She’d taken one eye out, but the tear ducts were still working. She grabbed Ryoka as Hethon and Sammial stared.
“Revi?”
Ryoka started. She hadn’t known about Griffon Hunt. Revi hugged Ryoka. And had they gotten along before then?
Did it matter?
“She’s dead. Oh, dead gods, Ryoka! Wait, do you even know? Erin!”
“I know, Revi. I k-know. We’re going to make it right. Where’s T—Eldavin?”
“Who? He’s not here!”
The two spoke at each other, oblivious of the crowd. Tyrion stared as someone else broke ranks.
“Is that Ryoka? I’m so sorry to hear—move aside!”
Briganda half-shoved past Tyrion to grab Ryoka and Revi. She was holding Cade, who was red-eyed and slumbering. Typhenous hesitated as he stared at Tyrion. He edged around them as Briganda, oblivious, grabbed Ryoka’s shoulder.
“We haven’t really met. Briganda. Part of Griffon Hunt. They told me about you. They said you were one of Erin’s friends. Heard you were in a coma.”
“That’s right. I—I just heard.”
“Excuse me.”
“Shut it. This is a personal moment.”
Briganda snapped at Jericha. The [Aide] hesitated. Sammial stared at Revi. So did Hethon. Stitch person! And they looked like adventurers? The old man looked like a [Mage]—
“Where’s Halrac? Are the Horns…? Halfseekers?”
“Gone. Halrac, I mean. He just left when he heard about Erin. Oh, Ryoka. They said Maviola El is dead too!”
Someone made a noise in the crowd. Perhaps it was also seeing Tyrion standing there, clearly ignored. Someone else made a sound at Maviola’s name.
“Excuse me, but—”
“The Horns aren’t here. I talked to Ceria. She was dead drunk—barely able to send. She says they won’t make it. The Halfseekers—Lyonette and everyone was supposed to come, but with Erin—”
“Excuse me? Are you a Stitch Person? You there, speak to me!”
Sammy. Hethon saw the huge [Shield Maiden]’s head turn. She looked at Cade, then the boy who was just a few years older.
“Young man, we’re in a bit of a moment here.”
“Well, I want to speak to Ryoka Griffin! I’ve been waiting all morning and she keeps being busy! You all—leave! Stop crying!”
Briganda’s eyes narrowed.
“Shove off, kid. Before I spank you for manners. Don’t you know how to behave in front of grieving people?”
Sammial stared, open-mouthed, until Lord Tyrion tugged him back. Jericha cleared her throat with a look like someone had kicked her—although she was also trying to hide a smile.
“Lord Tyrion. I apologize for this interruption. Perhaps Miss Griffin would care to conduct this meeting to one side?”
