Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 4
“The Moonlight Rider died. But his horse lived. He sacrificed himself for the horse. Everyone was talking about it. You nearly died too. You were shot by three crossbow bolts. Jericha said that if one was an inch to the left, you’d have never walked again.”
Ryoka stared at him. Abruptly, she sat down. Hethon and Sammial realized she was in her undergarments and turned their backs instantly.
“Tritel’s dead?”
Hethon peeked over his shoulder. The Wind Runner’s face was a sudden mask of grief. And—it looked too familiar. Guilt and grief.
The worst was yet to come. But neither one knew that.
“Tritel—was anyone else…? Hawk. Salamani? The [Witches]? My friends?”
She turned to them, her eyes flickering as she realized they might not know. Sammial turned around, then turned back for her modesty.
“All safe. The Guild of Assassins tried to kill some of the others. Like your [Farmer] friend.”
“Lupp?”
She shouted his name. Hethon winced. Ryoka went up again—
“Don’t worry! House Veltras saved them! They protected everyone! The Guild’s strongholds are burning and father says he’ll hunt down the Circle of Thorns—those that haven’t surrendered already.”
Sammial boldly informed Ryoka. She stared at the two [Lords]. Around the rather rich guest room of…an inn? A shuttered glass window, the [Lords]—Ryoka’s mind began to piece more together.
I’ve been saved. I’m somewhere in safety. Lupp is safe. Lupp was in danger?
Tritel’s dead. I have to—to—how did Hawk even get there?
Ferin must be dead. Or…
More thoughts occurred. Grief, guilt—but sudden urgency, too. She had to get ready for the party! Tell Erin and Mrsha and the others she was alive! How long had she been out? Ryoka looked around—then stared at the two boys.
“…Why are your backs turned?”
They were facing the other way. Hethon muttered, the tips of his ears flushed.
“You’re half-naked, Miss.”
Ryoka looked at her undergarments.
“Ah.”
She grabbed the blanket. Looked around for clothes; there were none to hand.
“Where’s my bag of holding? My gear?”
“Jericha has it. I’ll get her.”
Hethon marched towards the door. Ryoka blinked, swaying. She felt so…weak! Well, she’d been shot. Fallen out of the sky, run for days on end—
“Maviola? Saliss?”
“Both fine. The Drake went home. Father says it’s almost a shame he didn’t die since he’s the enemy, but he’s offering money for everyone who helped.”
Ryoka relaxed a bit. Sammial peeked, seemed to decide the blanket had restored Ryoka’s modesty, and turned about.
“You saved—”
He coughed.
“Saved—”
Ryoka heard the wheezing sound. Familiar—she saw the young boy double over and reached out for him as he was struck by a fit of gasping coughs for air.
“I’m fine! Don’t touch me!”
He shoved away her hand. No—his voice had stopped her. Sammial inhaled, his cheeks flushed. Ryoka had heard a rattling cough in his lungs.
“The poison?”
“Father says I would have been worse if not for you. I have a [Healer] now they’re not all cowards.”
Sammial panted for breath. Ryoka opened her mouth—but he had decided it was his turn to ask questions.
“You saved me. Me and Hethon. Father will reward you for that. But I want to know why you did it. Was it really for this party?”
“That’s right. I—needed a favor.”
“So it wasn’t for fame or money? That’s what some people said.”
Sammial informed Ryoka with a child’s bluntness. She shook her head, slightly.
“I just needed a favor. And—it was the right thing to do.”
She felt embarrassed, saying it like that. Sammial stared at her. And like a child, he nodded.
“So you were brave because it was for us? But you didn’t even remember our names.”
