Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 30
Tyrion lied. He regarded Ryoka as she went back to standing. After a second, he coughed into one fist.
“…Miss Ryoka. You’ve been standing there for quite some time.”
She blinked again.
“Have I? I’m just waiting…”
“You have been standing there for nearly an hour.”
This time Ryoka’s head swiveled around. She had? Her head was filled with cotton. She was just—waiting.
“I’m sorry. I’ll just stand here longer, if that’s okay.”
Tyrion eyed her.
“Would you at least care to move elsewhere?”
Was he being courteous of her? Ryoka hesitated.
“I’m fine, really.”
“I see. However, I am indebted towards you, Miss Griffin.”
She turned to face Lord Veltras.
“—And I am exceptionally grateful, Lord Tyrion. But you don’t have a debt. This is all I wished for. Just this. Please, enjoy yourself.”
“I do not believe I can. Nor do I believe my debt is fulfilled. What you did was no small thing.”
God, he was so stubborn about honor and debts! And he had no tact! Thus spoke the pot of the kettle. She just wanted to be left alone!
But reluctantly, she nodded. Lord Tyrion scanned the area as Ryoka moved, stumbling a bit.
“Your guests…seem to be a strange lot.”
“They’re rude, dangerous bastards.”
Ryoka replied before she caught herself. She bit her tongue—but she was beyond caring, really. Tyrion stared at her.
“I…see. And this event—you have no interest in anything here? I see gelato and treats that I would have assumed cost a fortune.”
“Not the ice cream. You can make it if you want. It’s cheap. I gave the recipe to Magnolia Reinhart. That’s why she was interested in me.”
So you can take that and leave me alone. Please?
Lord Tyrion twitched slightly at Magnolia’s name. His head swung back to Ryoka.
“You…knew the recipe?”
“I did. Do you want it? I gave it to Magnolia and I regret it. One more of the Five Families can’t hurt.”
Ryoka’s mouth ran on her anxiety, pain, and annoyance. Tyrion Veltras hesitated.
“I am sure Sammial and Hethon would be delighted. You are not…an ally of Magnolia Reinhart? I had heard otherwise.”
“She’s manipulative, pushy, and she doesn’t show up for parties. She and I are quits. I just don’t want to kill her, that’s all.”
Had Tyrion’s lip actually twitched in a smile at that first part? He turned away.
“I see.”
“Tyrion! Tyrion—oh. You have company.”
Lord Pellmia staggered over to Tyrion in a miniature sugar-high. He blinked at Ryoka. Tyrion turned to Pellmia.
“Lord Pellmia, let me introduce Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner to whom House Veltras is indebted.”
“Well, don’t let me bother you. A pleasure, Miss Griffin. You’ve done much for Izril. As has the late Maviola El.”
“Thank you.”
Ryoka wanted to go back. Or drown herself in the melted ice cream. Pellmia looked at Tyrion and Ryoka.
“Did you have something to speak to me of, Pellmia?”
“I was going to say you had to see these plays! But I wouldn’t want to interrupt—”
“The Players of Celum are famous. Why don’t I let you two…I’ll just eat something. Food.”
Ryoka saw her chance and backed up. Lord Tyrion half-nodded as he saw Ryoka heading towards a table. Pellmia watched Ryoka go, then, wincing, turned to Tyrion.
“Apologies, Tyrion.”
“For what?”
The [Lord] looked at Pellmia blankly. The other, older [Lord], eyed him, and then decided they should go back to the play.
 
—-
 
Ryoka stared at a shrimp. It stared back. She had no idea who had brought shrimp, or from where. If she had inquired, she would have learned it was the group from Invrisil, who had access to seafood, as well as House Veltras’ coastal holdings who’d helped bring some.
“Ryoka? Ryoka! I’m so glad you’re okay!”
