Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 38
They closed ranks. Something laughed. It advanced, looking down at the first little Goblin that blocked its way. A Cave Goblin, eyes filled with defiance. It reached down—
And stood. The Goblins looked at the spot where nothing remained. Nothing. They listened to it. At how it laughed.
They did not budge. The figure advanced.
“Brother. It is so good to see you again.”
“You too.”
Reiss and Garen held hands as they formed a circle around Erin Solstice.
Waiting for the day to end.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin stood at the ending of the longest day of the year and felt the blade touch her neck. The warrior advanced on her. There was no mercy in the shadows of its visor.
Just—intent. She turned to face it.
She had come too far to give up. Death? She would risk it again and again for a chance to bring her friend back.
The doorway waited, high overhead. When the sun set, Ryoka knew—the fae would drop her hands and it would vanish.
She saw the sword rise. And knew she could not dodge it. Not from this warrior. She made a fist with one hand, as Melidore laughed.
“Challenge!”
The voice rang out across the gathering. The warrior turned. The cold chill at her neck faded away. Ryoka Griffin’s head turned with the others.
And there they were. Two of them. Lady Bethal Walchaís.
Thomast Veniral. He lifted the rapier in his hand and saluted the figure. It was he who’d spoken.
“What?”
Melidore was incredulous. So—seemingly—was the warrior of winter. Lady Bethal was smiling.
“He said, ‘challenge’, you pompous man. Or do your folk not know honor and duels? Leave Ryoka Griffin alone. My husband wishes to cross swords with your great warrior.”
The fae gaped. Then they laughed and burst into applause. They screamed, shouted with delight.
 
“A challenge?”
“He challenges the warrior of winter? He who rides with the Wild Hunt?”
“Let him! Challenge! Challenge!”
 
They cheered Thomast as the warrior pivoted, bringing up the two-handed sword. Melidore was furious.
“She defies the king!”
But—his words went unheard. The warrior had been challenged. Thomast looked past him, to Ryoka.
“Go.”
His lips formed the words. Ryoka stared at him. He was going to die! But—Bethal’s gaze was firm.
“Go. This is still under the rules of hospitality. Let it be a bout for the ages!”
She cried out, setting her rules. Ryoka half-exhaled.
Melidore was even more furious. She turned—and nearly skewered herself on six more blades.
The other warriors! They were advancing on her! One walked towards Thomast, who had taken a ready stance, eyes locked on his target.
Six more. Each of a different nature. One seemed to hold a blade made of moonlight—another was Melidore’s burning nature. Ryoka saw someone interpose himself between the warrior of moonlight.
“I challenge you, sir.”
Lord Tyrion Veltras. He wore the Shield of House Veltras on one arm, his dueling sword on the other.
“Milord Veltras!”
“Father!”
“That fool.”
Ulva murmured as the second warrior halted. Lord Tyrion saluted his foe, and the figure did the same.
Tyrion did not need [Dangersense] to feel the scope of his opponent. His nerves were buzzing. He—like Thomast—knew as the two lifted their blades.
They were outmatched.
 
—-
 
The first cut was fast, a testing blow. Perfect. That was all Thomast thought as he stepped back, out of range. It wasn’t that it had a Skill behind it. In fact—his footwork Skill had carried him away.
And it was wrong. Thomast slowed. He flicked his blade and the winter’s warrior severed the wind magic with a flick of the sword. A riposte—Thomast stepped out of the way again. And again—halted.
