Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 27
Lady Eliasor found a small group standing around a chess table. An enterprising boy around her age had set up there and was taking all comers.
“You play chess, um, sir?”
Eliasor didn’t quite know how to address Grev, who was clearly not of the nobility. The young man was taking on two at a time. A [Witch] with a blank expression was hanging back, watching.
“That’s right. You want to play, Miss [Lady]? And you? [Witch]-girl?”
Grev addressed Nanette and Eliasor with a gap-toothed grin. It slipped slightly and he looked towards the stage.
“Do you even play chess?”
Eliasor had been taught by Zanthia, but she was surprised this boy knew. Grev looked at her.
“I was taught by the best player’n the world. Come on. Step up and play! We’ll put some money down on it! Anything in your pockets if you don’t have coins.”
Those were fighting words. Nanette held back, but the others moved in, ready to test Grev’s boasts. Eliasor was first to find out he hadn’t been lying.
 
—-
 
And then the Players of Celum took to the stage. And those who thought that the party was decent realized they hadn’t seen nothing yet.
A [Witch] took to the stage as Macbeth began. Instantly, Wiskeria, Eloise, and a number of [Witches] stared at the poor [Actress]. The nobles turned.
“So this is the play I’ve heard so—”
One of the [Lords] of the House of El exclaimed before his voice went dead. He spoke on, then looked around, miffed.
A Terland couple experienced the same thing as they entered Eltistiman’s [Cone of Silence]. The air turned dark around the stage and those who wished to attend the play found comfortable, padded seats or the grass was waiting for them.
The Players of Celum existed in a world of their own—audible from afar, but with a theatre set up.
A copy of the [Grand Theater]. And when Wesle strode onto the stage—more people turned and drifted over. Curious about the famous play.
What a grand day. Midmorning and the party began. It would be a long day. The longest day.
Behind the curtains, the Players were preparing, focused only on making every play the best. The B-team waited; they’d rotate in and out throughout the day, giving the [Actors] time to mingle and relax.
“Oh, Thomast! We have to see the play again! But do get me some unpoisoned wine! And the gelato! And—”
Bethal was tugging her husband to multiple places at once as the [Knights] half-followed. Half had been downed already; Ser Kerrig was sitting at a Go board and playing one of House Veltras’ guards. Of course, many of the security were spaced out, but they’d trade places with those attending the party.
And there was a camel you could ride! And an Oliphant over there and—
Hethon and Sammial were running about as Jericha raced after them, trying to do and see everything at once. They were laughing, and people were meeting each other around them in hilarious or strange encounters that Hethon would have happily watched if there weren’t all these entertainments!
 
—-
 
“Tall one, aren’t you?”
Dawil stared up at Durene. She turned around—and around—then stared down. The Dwarf looked up at the half-Troll girl. The [Paladin] nearly dropped her drink.
“Oh, dead gods! Are you a Dwarf?”
“Never met one of us? You a half-Troll? Name’s Dawil.”
“D-Durene.”
They shook hands as they stared at each other.
 
—-
 
Lady Ieka stomped through the crowd, looking for Bethal so she could shove the [Lady] into something. She saw the [Lady] standing in front of a cake and advanced.
“Lady Imarris, isn’t it? Ah, I didn’t know from behind. A pleasure again.”
She turned at the familiar voice.
“Erill?”
