Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 13
A long tail, a longer neck—those slitted eyes. And when she looked down at Ryoka, her scales were a mix of onyx and byzantium. Her scales shifted as Ryoka spoke and she turned.
“Excuse me—excuse me. May I have a word?”
Ryoka halted as the head swung down and around. The sounds of the party faded again as those eyes—she looked away, shuddering.
She could not meet the fae’s eyes. Nor—as the being spoke, was Ryoka sure it was one of the fae. The voice was low, sibilant. The purest tones of—of—
It couldn’t be.
“Do you sspeak to me, little thing, to require an answer?”
The serpentine woman spoke, sounding increasingly offended with each syllable. She glared at Ryoka and the young woman froze as a mouse before a…snake.
“I—I only wished to talk. To ask you—”
The serpentine woman snagged a roasted bird of some kind and bit it—no, swallowed the entire thing. It might have been as large as a turkey, but it was gone in a bite. Again, Ryoka espied some kind of shape beyond this one. She flicked out a forked tongue.
“My words are not worthless as yours. Give me a worthy sacrifice and I will answer you.”
“Sacrifice? I only wanted to—”
The woman turned her gaze on Ryoka, and the impression of her annoyance at Ryoka’s stupidity left a mark. Ryoka wavered and the haughty woman explained with a hiss of impatience.
“This party is why I converse in polite words and deed. Were it not for that, I would say nothing else. For knowledge or favors, I require a worthy gift.”
She knew Ryoka had a question for her. The Wind Runner hesitated. If she were to just ask about the weather or something, or how she was finding the food—
“The sky is clear. The light fading. I have known far greater dishes, but these amuse me. Worthless answers for worthless questions. Does it amuse you, mortal girl?”
The two eyes bored into Ryoka’s head. Ryoka felt twin pinpricks of pain.
One of the Faerie King’s warriors stirred. At once—the serpentine lady shifted her gaze away. Ryoka raised a trembling hand. Touched at two—bloody divots on her flesh—
Her eyes. Ryoka reached for a potion, though they were just surface cuts. She drank it, then backed up.
Okay. The Satyr was like the warm-up. The smallest of hurdles. This was the biggest of them. Rethink. Remember the rules—
The Wind Runner approached the serpent again, as half the table of food disappeared into her mouth. The servers ran for the bags of holding with food, fleeing the guest’s approach. Ryoka herself felt like she wanted to pee—then hide in a hole.
But there was no hole in the world where you could hide from her. The woman turned.
“Well? Your gift?”
She knew Ryoka had one. But perhaps refrained from peeking in order to be surprised. Ryoka offered her a shining handful of coins.
“…Will you take four hundred pieces of gold, milady?”
That was her first try. The figure bent, her neck letting her head inspect the glittering gold. Her tongue flicked up—then she turned away.
“An alloy.”
“Worth something nonetheless, milady.”
“Not to me.”
A warning tone in her voice. Ryoka gulped.
“Then how about…?”
This time, her handful made the glittering serpent eyes flick back in interest. Ryoka held what was worth less than four hundred gold—but purer.
Gemstones. A sapphire, two rubies, one glittering with inner magic, a topaz—a small orb of gold, and so on. Gemstones.
She had some, thanks to a certain Hobgoblin. But she had been holding onto them for the—well, other fae. However, this was the moment to use them.
“Small.”
