Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 8
One of the soldiers screamed and Ryoka saw a bit of smoke emanating from his helmet. The rest scrambled to their feet. She raised her hands.
“What? What? Don’t do that!”
They had their toy weapons raised. One was shouting at the commander and she put the radio up to her ear.
“Energy signatures just broke my systems, commander! Threat Rating has no scale for this! Recommend evac!”
She looked at Ryoka, worried. The young woman looked over her shoulder. She knew who it was.
The Wild H—
The King of Chivalry walked across the ground, whistling, with his two companions. The young boy Arthur, the old one, and the glowing sword was resting on the young King’s shoulder. Ryoka gasped in relief.
“Arthur!”
“You could power half the stars in the federation with that thing! Our suit’s systems are shutting—aaah!”
Behind her, the other five were rolling on the ground, crying out. Ryoka looked at the commander. Helmet off—she put her face in her hands.
“…Is that what we’ve been doing this entire time?”
“Yep.”
 
—-
 
It was refreshing to meet people who were worse than she was at this. Really. Ryoka yanked off the helmets with the commander before Arthur walked the forty paces or so over. She made introductions.
“Milady Warrior, an honor.”
The oldest King bowed. The commander stared at him as the others muttered about ‘sensor readings’ and ‘no biological life signs detected’. But their leader had a more…adaptive mind. She bowed, copying Ryoka’s gesture stiffly.
“What happened to the Wild Hunt? Nama?”
The young King with the sword grinned with plain delight.
“They fled rather than fight, especially when they found you gone! Your great protector is safe. It would take the entire hunt, rather than a fraction, to bring her down.”
“Wait, that wasn’t the entire hunt?”
“Of course not. Did you think all of them would hunt you? It was barely more than a handful.”
Ryoka scuffed at the ground. That hurt her feelings a bit. But then she looked at the King of Knights.
“…Why are you here, though?”
“To escort you in. We’re going for a walk.”
The boy informed Ryoka with grave dignity. She could only bow to that.
“Can you help this lot too? They’re lost and I’m afraid they’ll never make it back to the gateways before the solstice ends. They’ll be trapped here. And definitely die.”
The six shuddered. The King of Chivalry nodded, gravely.
“Of course. Let us walk to the Courts of the Fae. Then—I shall return these to their destination.”
“Who…are you? Sir King? And may I ask—is that…war weapon something that could be obtained, here?”
The commander didn’t even seem to recognize his form of address. King Arthur Pendragon smiled as she stared at his sword.
“Only if you have the will to take its burden. I would not if I were you. But tell me of your troubles, warrior.”
And so the unlikely party marched. The three Kings. The visitors from another time far more advanced than Ryoka’s, clinging together in a tight knot and looking terrified as children.
Ryoka expected more trials. More travails. But in truth—her journey ended with that last eventful encounter.
All those they passed did not trouble the King of Albion. They bowed, or called out greetings, or slunk away rather than challenge him. He walked on, and on—
Until they came to the last place. The inner place, perhaps second only to the heart of the fae.
Here was the Court of the Summer Fae and Winter. Ryoka stared up at the vast, hallowed structure. Seeing where the countless miniature worlds, the patchwork of homes, ended.
