Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 29
Grev got a 20% cut. Typhenous didn’t have more than sketches, however. You didn’t sell the golden cow. But that was enough for the nobles to make him their best friend. Moreover…he stroked his beard.
“I happen to know the inventor myself. It may be that I could put in a private word. Even make introductions. Certainly, for the House of El. But this is a celebration! Let me not distract you—although have you heard of the skateboards? Fascinating thing, really…”
The closer that Grev had smuggled to him was a single gear prototype in his pocket and some of the bike chain. Typhenous sat and stroked his beard—what else was he to do on this day?
 
—-
 
Revi was crying. She sat at a table and quite ruined anyone’s fun whenever they looked at her. She was not Typhenous; she hadn’t even seen Halrac.
Briganda was letting Cade play. She hadn’t known Erin as well and she was more concerned with her son, who could forget his sorrows and laugh.
But the [Summoner] could not. She could not enjoy this day. She was not the only one.
Erin Solstice had quite ruined the day for the others as well.
Ylawes stood with Delanay, eating nothing, just waiting. He might have royally burned a bridge between Byres and Veltras. But if he had, he didn’t care.
A teary-eyed Falene sat at a table. Quite—quite ruined.
The only reason Jasi didn’t weep was because she was on stage. But when she did have cause to weep, as Juliet, the audience felt as though someone had truly died. The Players had never been realer.
More raw.
And yet—it was today. This day. Hope was a guttering flame on a fading candle.
But it still burned. Because of the [Lady Firestarter]. Because of what had been put in place by the [Innkeeper].
“Little sister. Why are you weeping?”
Falene looked up. A lined face, white hair—the other half-Elf sat. She sniffed and wiped at her eyes.
Zedalien inclined his head to her. She replied, with the ritualistic greeting.
“I’m sorry, brother—it’s just, someone has died that I knew. That I respected.”
“I see. The same is true of me. Have you been long from the forests of home?”
The older half-Elf spoke with formality, unlike a certain bug-eating half-Elf who wanted nothing to do with the traditions of their villages. Falene bowed slightly, recognizing him.
“Not at all. Do I have the honor of addressing Zedalien? In service to the House of El?”
“Let us not be formal. Falene Skystrall.”
He knew her. The half-Elf glanced around, but he was off-duty. This was a party. So he placed the bottle of wine on the table.
“Shall we raise a cup to those we knew well, sister?”
“Yes, brother.”
The two half-Elves drank. As those close to immortality did. The mortal lives passed too soon.
Too soon.
 
—-
 
She was not dead. Ryoka Griffin stood there, waiting. Searching the trees on the outskirts of Riverfarm. Looking about—
Until she was interrupted.
“Miss Griffin?”
Tyrion Veltras. Unlike Deilan and Ulva, he had not gone far. Socializing. Partying. Libations…none of those words fit Tyrion Veltras.
“Lord Tyrion. Is something wrong?”
Ryoka turned and tried to remember to bow. The [Lord] looked at her. Uncertain—she noticed a tiny flicker of it in his eyes. His face could have been one of the statues in Riverfarm for all it moved.
You had to watch for the tiny clues. The [Lord] sketched another bow.
“…You appear to be waiting for the visitors.”
“I am—that is, I’m sure they’ll arrive.”
They had to. Ryoka bowed in reply, as awkward as the [Lord].
“Please, don’t mind me. I hope your sons and you can enjoy the party.”
“I will endeavor to.”
