Solstice (Pt. 8)
Page 18
“Communicate with the fleet if we have anyone still at the gate. Get me all the—did she say a basic element?”
“Sounds like it. We’ll get jewels too. Thank you!”
The soldier saluted Ryoka. She hoped it helped. Also—that she was doing a good thing.
“Very smart. You would have been a good person to have in my kingdom. I wish I could take you.”
Ryoka started. She looked around. The boy-squire Arthur looked up at her.
“Your Majesty. Thank you. I think Ivolethe is going to take me away. So we might not meet…”
He nodded and extended a small hand to shake.
“I could not lift the blade yet. I’ll learn swordsmanship. And how to be a King from Merlin, I suppose. I’m not looking forwards to meeting him, from what the others have told me.”
Ryoka peered at the boy. He was earnest, wearing his squire’s tunic—
And old with the knowledge of what is to come.
“I don’t want to destabilize the time-space continuum, sire…”
The commander and her forces turned worriedly. Ryoka ignored them.
“…but are you sure about your decision?”
The young Arthur laughed. He was only ten, but he looked so old—until he laughed. Then he was the boy again.
“I think so. I must. If Camelot is to rise. If Albion is to be saved—I must take up the sword. I see the hour of my death.”
He indicated the old Arthur. The young Arthur Pendragon closed his eyes.
“…But that is a fine thing. Because I can choose it. And I choose to be more good than ill in this world. Is that not a worthy use of a life for anyone?”
He looked up at Ryoka. She knelt.
“Yes. I wish everyone thought like you. It’s just—heavy.”
Understatement of the year. The young Arthur’s lips quirked as the soldiers begged the older two to show them to the child living in the rubble. He watched them go, the shining Caliburn keeping all evil back, and turned to Ryoka. He hesitated.
“Can I tell you something?”
For a moment he was a boy again, anxiously looking at his older selves and standing on tiptoes to whisper. He deserved to be that, so Ryoka knelt and listened.
“Of course, Arthur.”
He nodded and whispered into her ear.
“I don’t like my older selves. They told me everything. My—second self I don’t like the most. He talks about his glories too much. Parties, his accolades. He talks about things like how many women he’s slept with. He says I’ll enjoy it, but it seems…not as important as making sure my people are happy. And when I die—”
The boy shuddered as he stared at the pierced armor, the bloody back of the King. He shook his head.
“It’s not that I fear it. Not…too much. But the old me tells me how I fail. Those around me. Lancelot will hang himself. My wife—Merlin—my son.”
He reached out to Ryoka, then controlled himself, squeezing his fists tight.
“I don’t want to make those mistakes. I am not afraid of dying, but failing. The only reason I would not bear the sword is if—someone could not make my mistakes. I wish I could take you—take this knowledge and do it right.”
“So do I. I’m sorry, Arthur. I think we all want that.”
The boy nodded miserably.
“But it’s already done, as you said.”
Ryoka’s heart broke for the boy. She should not have been there. It should have been the [Innkeeper] who would be King. Who might have taken his sword and told him something incredibly stupid like ‘let’s go together, do things right, and break the time space fabric forever! No Killing Goblins! Huzzah!’
But Ryoka was just Ryoka. She didn’t have any giant words of wisdom. Any simple grace. She thought of something to say. And she had a stupid, Ryoka-thought.
She half-smiled and dug around in her bag of holding for something.
