Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 23
Indeed, the Summer Court were like reflections of the Winter Sprites. No less magic, but subtly different. Arrogant, yes, but more…formal. Seemingly more preoccupied with station, and, at the very least, less inclined to flit about making lewd gestures and tossing snow.
Or perhaps that was their forms. Either way—Ryoka was surrounded by a host of the Summer Fae.
They had sharp teeth. And the faint buzzing was there. A reminder of the danger.
They might devour her or tear her apart if she angered them.
But she had not come all this way to turn back. And—she had a Dragon’s wisdom. Which was probably less petty than a Wyrm’s—
Pow. Even the fae gaped as something hit Ryoka in the head a second time. She staggered; a cupcake should not have that kind of velocity or impact. Ryoka saw Sikeri lower her hand.
“I heard that.”
Ryoka rubbed at her head. Then she turned to the Summer Court. Wyrms sucked.
They were laughing at her. Falling over themselves, some lying on the ground as they guffawed at her expense.
That was the fae. Both regal and silly. You could have both. They surrounded Ryoka, expectantly. It was almost an honor. Because they looked at Ryoka, expecting her to appease them. To fit into the stuff of stories.
“Forgive me, fair folk. People of the Tuatha Dé. I did not mean to offend the Summer Court. Nor ignore you all. If it pleases you, I would offer you gifts for the right to beseech the first among you here.”
They were not the rehearsed words Silver Pine had helped her with. But they came from the heart and they seemed to please the fae.
 
“Ah, she knows respect! Good, offer us gifts! The first among us is too prideful!”
“Not us! Give, give!”
“If it’s worthy, we shall let you pass and ask! If not—”
 
They made grimacing motions and clutched at their throats. Ryoka saw them now.
Was this what Ivolethe was talking about? She had once insulted some of the others. As young. As—lesser than herself. When they had all been Winter Sprites, Ryoka hadn’t seen the difference.
Now she did. Some felt older. The ones who cartwheeled about and shouted loudest—they seemed young, lesser perhaps, in both time and nature.
The older ones were no less mischievous, no less playful. But they were closer to Ivolethe’s nature, albeit paralleled across season.
They waited, eyes glittering with many facets. Almost like the Antinium’s…
Waiting for gifts.
At least the Dragon had helped her with that. Teriarch understood immortal greed, at least. And Ryoka had made preparations.
[Brewers]. She withdrew something, offered it to the fae. They clustered around, snatching it from her hand.
 
“What’s this? ‘Tis naught but a contract of ink and paper!”
 
One cried out, disgusted. The others fought over it. The buzzing grew louder—until Ryoka held up a hand.
“It is more than a contract, wise folk! It is a promise. From each [Brewer]—each maker of drink and libations, a promise—to tithe you drink and goodwill for a year and a day!”
The Summer Court rustled. Ryoka pointed at the contract. This was what Teriarch had suggested. It was ridiculous—and yet it fit.
 
“Drink?”
 
“Drinks. They will be left in vessels without iron, only for you! In winter, in summer, on specific days.”
It had not been easy to convince the mead and other [Brewers] to do that, until she’d come with gold in hand. For that matter—Laken’s own people had agreed.
Alcohol? The fae blinked, completely bemused by the offering. They whispered to each other, now poring over the contract rather than threatening to rip it to shreds.
 
“She’s doing it again.”
