Solstice (Pt. 1)
Page 14
“Lord Hethon, Lord Sammial? Miss Griffin?”
They were here. And the welcoming committee was just getting into place. Ryoka Griffin left the wagon and heard the sobbing voice calling her name. And it became realer.
 
—-
 
Laken Godart felt Tyrion Veltras shoot across the borders of the Unseen Empire like an arrow. He felt the man move past Beniar in a flash. Laken turned his head.
“He did say he was coming this morning. I didn’t notice last time during the raids, but he moves fast. Pulling a carriage no less! And—he has Ryoka.”
“You’re sure, Emperor Godart? You saw into Lord Veltras’ carriage?”
“He is on my lands, Lady Rie. Make sure he is greeted with all dignity. And oh, Prost? Gamel? Double-check our security. Nothing must go wrong this time. Wronger than it has. Isn’t that so?”
He heard a squeak from Lady Rie. Laken Godart sat on his throne.
He was in a terrible mood himself.
He had not wept for Erin. But he had not been able to remove the ache from his chest, either. He felt tired as he stood. Older.
But Ryoka was here. Let the Summer Solstice party she had worked so hard for commence. He had helped take up her burden as she lay resting. It was the least he could do. He thought it was almost all in order. But there were a few problems.
Erin wasn’t coming. Obviously. And…the [Emperor] sighed.
Neither was Maviola. Even now—what was for him an ache of loss for people he did not truly know—
In the Goblinlands, a second wave of grief had struck them down. Pebblesnatch lay in one of the biggest cauldrons. She wanted someone to light a fire under it and boil her.
Better that than any more. Erin? Erin? The kind [Innkeeper] who had—
The chef’s hat muffled the crying. From one Cave Goblin. It did nothing to hide the crushing silence. The sounds of grief. Ulvama strode around the camp, hitting Goblins. Not knowing why they hurt, only trying to keep them busy.
And they were the Goblins. Laken sat on his throne. He would meet the others later. Dignity of an [Emperor] and all that. He had met them, one after another. They had come. Because of Ryoka. Because of her deeds.
But also because of Erin. Maviola. He sat there.
This party was their doing.
“May some damn good come of it.”
In his head—he felt those who deserved to speak to Ryoka at this moment, at this time, already gathered. The [Emperor] would ensure it ran smoothly.
“Your Majesty? Just something—one of the [Chefs] has been working hard on your recipe. Everything’s ready. Food has been met with compliments from the nobility already here—”
Gamel poked his head back into the throne room hesitantly. Laken’s head rose.
“And? What’s the issue?”
“One of your…dishes, sir. Since some of the guests…you see, it’s the one with the writing…”
For a moment, he didn’t understand. Then the [Emperor] did. And Laken hit the armrest of his throne and shook his head.
Oh—this party. This damned party.
“Throw it away, Gamel. Don’t bother with erasing the words. Just—throw it away. Make other ones. My apologies to the chef. But no.”
“Yes, sire.”
Gamel went to dispose of the custom-made cake. Laken had forgotten. But it was today as well.
Happy birthday, Erin Solstice.
 
—-
 
They were here. Lord Tyrion dismounted as his escort formed ranks around him. A worthy reception had been granted one of the Five Houses of Izril.
The army, led by a [Witch]-[General], was standing at parade rest. Prost, Rie, and an actual carpet had been brought out. Obviously, the finest of lodgings, newly built, would accommodate such august guests.
