Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 9
Yet, somehow, the fae slipped through a gap between the bodies. Ryoka saw the figure twist, step—it looked so natural that Lord Ranga’s son tried it and slammed into the knot of people. As if you had never learned how to properly step sideways and if you only could, you could step through any crack in the world…
Ranga’s son and the group went down in a sprawl and Sammial and Hethon grabbed two tarts and were away, savoring the blackberry sweets with delight. So did the fae, who had grabbed three and was gobbling them down greedily.
The trick had impressed the two boys. They stared up at the fae. Hethon was content to gobble, having listened to Ryoka’s rules and those by the [Emperor].
But Sammial?
Sammial was Sammy. And he pointed up at the guest.
“What are you? Will you teach me how to do that?”
He pointed at one of the cavorting fae, with long horns and a nearly nude upper torso and…goat’s hooves? She winked at him. She?
Ryoka paused, panting, having run after one of the three and stared at the Satyr. She bent down, cloven hooves dancing upon some brickwork.
“I? I am me, little boy. I could teach you how to walk between the edges of things. It is not hard for us! But what will you give me if I do?”
Fae bargains. Ryoka uneasily turned towards him. But then she saw the shining dancer whirl past and tried to jump after him. She failed; he was gone across the dance floor in an instant.
Hethon licked his jam-covered lips.
“Sammy, I don’t think this is a good idea.”
Sammial’s brow wrinkled as he stared up at the horned woman.
“Give you? My gratitude as a [Lord]. Or money? My father will pay you.”
The Satyr blinked, took a bite of her jam tart, then sprayed crumbs as she laughed in his face.
“Hah! Gratitude? Naught for naught, brat!”
She turned away, losing interest at once. Sammy wiped spit and crumbs off his face. Then he got mad.
“Don’t turn away from me!”
“Or what? What will you do, little lord who speaks like a lion?”
She mooned him, flicking up a tufted tail. Some of the other fae listening laughed themselves off their feet. Sammy turned bright red. Ryoka was hurrying back when she felt a familiar pressure.
Oh no. Sammy pointed at the Satyr and shouted.
“You will teach me. I command it!”
The aura touched the female Satyr—and broke. Sammial stumbled backwards. Some of the watching nobility whistled. Pryde herself blinked as she turned, drink in hand, from talking with a faerie about gains in weight lifting.
It wasn’t that the aura hadn’t worked. It was that it had been blown away without effort. The Satyr’s eyes narrowed. She drew herself up as Sammial stared at her. And her voice grew deeper, a flash of annoyance crossing her merry expression.
“Command me? You are not my king or a king at all! I have danced in the courts of great kings of men. Go elsewhere with your trick, little boy. For you’ve offended my nature, demanding so. Not for the ransom of a Dragon’s hoard will I teach you, or ambrosia fit for—”
She hesitated. A word hovered in the air, unspoken. The other fae hissed softly around her and the Satyr caught herself.
“—for heroes and saints! Begone, bratling.”
And she shoved him upon the chest, so hard, Sammial fell on his rear end. Doubtless it didn’t really hurt, but he was up in a second.
“How dare you!”
Hethon tried to catch his brother, but Sammy darted forwards. Face red, he balled up a fist. The Satyr looked down and Sammy punched her in the leg.
The furry leg didn’t so much as shift. The half-Goat fae didn’t blink. And yet—Ryoka looked up as the mood around the young [Lord] shifted.
