Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 40
Ylawes stared as one of the warriors, armor covered in leaves and vines, walked past him. He lowered his sword, hanging his head. Gralton failed to block another.
Even Ylawes? Ryoka looked around, heart pounding. One of them raised his sword, a thing made of chitin rather than metal as he neared, long steps striding forwards. Wings on his armor—?
“Enough. If you will not take their challenges, then I challenge you.”
A female voice. The warrior halted. Turned his head. Then he lowered his sword. And slowly saluted…
Lady Zanthia. And beside her, a figure with a transparent sword. He saluted as well, and they stepped forwards.
A gasp from the nobility.
[The Eternal Partner] met the faerie warrior’s advance smoothly, without fear of death. They traded blows as Lady Zanthia watched, a mixture of pride and sorrow on her face.
Four. Melidore’s smile turned to a scowl once more. He looked about, but every warrior in the House of El and House of Veltras had been refused. From Jericha to Lord Deilan to…
“Challenge. I challenge you.”
The warrior of summer—stopped. The fae looked down. And down.
“Dawil?”
Ylawes choked. Falene was staring. The Dwarf stroked his beard, looking up.
The summer fae walked past him. The Dwarf stuck out a foot—and the figure stepped over it.
“Am I not good enough for you, kin?”
The Dwarf’s eyes were sharp. The helmeted head turned back. Then halted. The fiery blade turned. And the fae stopped laughing at the silly Dwarf.
Dawil had removed his axe. The [Axe Champion] lifted it.
“Will you not honor this blade? Even you? It was made by the greatest smiths in any world. For me. Will you not cross blades with it?”
Yes. The summer fae turned and the burning blade lifted. Dawil smiled and backed up.
“Could use some spells, Falene.”
And then there were three. Melidore’s eyes were blazing with fury.
“Take her head!”
Ryoka was running now, running the other way, the wind howling around her. Blow me up! She was looking for a table cloth! For…for something to use! A parasail, a kite! She’d take someone throwing her up there!
A mile overhead. A damn mile—she stumbled.
No, one of the blades had cut her across the leg. She went down, clutching at her leg. She saw one of the warriors wielding a weapon like—sound. It was the sound of a cut which had created the injury.
The swish of an axe through the air.
Dozens of voices cried out useless challenges. The sound of the blade met another sound in the air.
The clash of blades. The fae lowered its blade. Turned.
“I challenge you.”
Barelle the [Bard]’s shortsword was in one hand, the magical harp in the other. The fae gasped. Ryoka stared. The [Bard] looked past the warrior and smiled at her.
“Once more, it is time for [Bards] to shape the stories they tell for the better.”
Two. Now the Summer Court was applauding, shouting.
 
“Run, Wind Runner!”
“Run! Fly! Jump! Hop!”
 
They were all clustering forwards, blocking the warrior’s way, tossing mud and drinks on them. How quickly they changed sides! The warriors moved forwards, undeterred.
And then someone spoke.
“Challenge! Challenge for favors won and memory!”
The sixth warrior stopped and spun. This time Melidore howled in fury.
It was the Satyr. She’d seized a branch, and swished the stick, still with leaves on it. She slapped the armor of one of the warriors and the blade cut the air, leaving the air wounded and howling. But the Satyr just dodged away, laughing merrily.
