Solstice (Pt. 2)
Page 25
“Er…generous folk, I hope this last gift will suit you well! For it is born of friendship and hard labor. A gift to match the first!”
Their eyes narrowed as one.
 
“It sounds like she hasn’t the greatest gift yet.”
“Should we accept it if it stinks?”
“Shh! Listen! Tell us, mortal! What have you to offer?”
 
Ryoka took a breath. What had she to offer? To so many? Not artifacts. Not magical food. Not a great treasure; at least, one to them.
If Erin Solstice had been here, perhaps she could have swooped in. Stumbling into the fae, delighting them. If the [Princess] were here, the little Gnoll?
But they were not. And all Ryoka had was what she drew from her bag of holding. She offered it to them. They stared at it. Pryde nearly spat her entire drink out her nose.
“Corn?”
Corn. The fae stared at it. Then at Ryoka. The Wind Runner was sweating drops as fat as the kernels of corn. She…hadn’t anything else!
“Er—this is a gift of labor from a friend. He has agreed to provide it to you for a year and a day—”
 
“Corn? She offers us corn?”
 
One of them shouted. Ryoka was really tempted to say that corn had once been called ‘yellow gold’, but she had a feeling they’d kill her if she tried that.
They were close to it, anyways. One snatched the ear of corn, still fresh, in its husk, and sniffed it.
 
“‘Tis not magic.”
 
Another peeled a piece of the husk off, eyed it.
 
“‘Twas not grown in the soil of blood, or over the graves of dead kings.”
“It was not tended by a hero, laboring as a farmhand. It was tended by an actual farmer.”
“Has it been lauded as the best food by this world’s greatest? No? Then what is it?”
 
They stared at Ryoka, baring their teeth furiously. She raised a finger.
“Um. Really good corn?”
The fae looked at her. One husked the corn, bit into it. The rest turned on her. Ryoka found a table, and unloaded ear after ear of corn, piling it up to build a wall between her and inevitable wrath.
The others snatched it. One muttered about shoving it through Ryoka’s head. Others had less charitable places to put it. The good mood of the fae turned to dark annoyance as they ate the corn.
Ryoka’s second plan involved asking the Players to create a play for all of the fae. But that was too much like the statues! Why hadn’t she remembered the rule of three? Stupid Wyrms stealing treasure! She tensed. She had to run and beg Tyrion for a favor. Or…?
 
“Huh. This is good corn.”
 
A thoughtful voice remarked. One of the fae, the one who’d taken the first ear, looked up. They had eaten the corn off the cob and were now munching on the cob itself. A second snack after the first one.
 
“It is! It was grown with love and care.”
“And cheating, to make it grow so fast. But good cheating!”
“Mm.”
 
The fae were eating the corn! In fact—all of it. One started with the green husk of the corn, munched that down, then the kernels, then the cob itself. Ryoka supposed in theory, all of it was edible. They looked at each other.
 
“A year and a day?”
 
“Yes. A year and a day. Offerings each harvest?”
The Summer Court huddled up. They glanced at Ryoka, muttering to each other. Ryoka dumped more corn on the table; they went for it. In fact, Laken’s feast had many products made with the corn. Popcorn, roasted, boiled, all kinds of it…
But corn? Bethal stared at Ryoka.
“That’s my corn, Thomast. I discovered it. Why do I have to share?”
“Bethal, dear. Please let it go.”
The fae were muttering louder. They looked at Ryoka. Argued, pointed at the statues, waved the contract with free beer about. Ryoka heard snippets.
 
“…Not what we…”
