The Depthless Doctor
Page 5
Rendala’s eyes widened. Tugrim swore a sailor’s oath.
“Storm waters take me! How did you—”
“I’m an [Obstetrician].”
Captain Ad replied coolly. Tugrim paused.
“A what now?”
“An obstetrician. I deliver babies. If you have a pregnant woman on board, I can help her give birth.”
“Truly?”
Rendala’s skepticism was warring with a sudden hope. Tugrim took a step back, his eyes narrowed.
“Now hold on. How can we be so sure we can trust—”
Captain Ad turned his paralyzing stare on Tugrim and the [Captain]’s words died in his mouth. Slowly, Ad reached into a pocket. Rendala tensed, but the man just took out a strange, long, cylindrical object out and put it into his mouth. She stared.
It was a pretzel. Ad mistook her look and pulled out another.
“Want one?”
“No. No, I—”
“Take me to the patient. Time is running out.”
Rendala hesitated and Tugrim gave her a look. But they had no choice. She beckoned, and Ad strode after the Drowned Sailors, still chewing on the pretzel.
“I have toffee if anyone wants it.”
 
—-
 
Below decks, the crew of Kraken’s Horn were in a small panic. They were clustered outside one of the cabins where the pregnant female [Sailor] had been housed. Until this moment only ghastly groaning noises had echoed from that place and it had been avoided by all but Rendala and the [Cook] who brought the poor woman food. Now Rendala, Tugrim, and the rest of the crew peeked around the doorframe as Captain Ad tended to his patient.
“You’re sure you know what you’re doing?”
Tugrim glared at Captain Ad, breathing heavily. He was protective of his crew, but pale-faced, ill-at-ease in this situation that called for neither steady hands nor a heart of steel. Well, actually, it called for both things, but Tugrim would have happily fought a Kraken naked in a lifeboat than be called on to assist a birth.
Captain Ad nodded. He’d eaten his pretzel and now donned a pair of white rubbery gloves.
“I told you, I’m a medical officer. And this is my patient. Let’s see how she’s doing. Miss, breathe slowly for me. In, out, in, out…”
It had to be his soothing voice that calmed the pregnant [Sailor]; it definitely wasn’t the piercing glare he trained on her. And yet, despite the sudden appearance of this intense, strange man, Rendala saw the young pregnant woman calm down a bit, and after a cursory inspection Captain Ad straightened and nodded.
“She’s due any minute now.”
Nothing could have thrown the crew of the ship into a worst panic. Nothing, except hearing the pregnant [Sailor] cry out and realizing the pregnancy had shifted from being imminent to in progress. Screaming occurred, and only some of it came from the mother-to-be.
And yet, there was an icy void of calm amidst the chaos. Captain Ad calmly delivered the baby with the help of the ship’s crew, ordering Drowned Men and Women to bring hot water, tools from his submarine, scissors of all things—
Rendala watched with a mixture of horror and awe as the baby was born. Tugrim fainted as the head poked out. But in short order it was done, and Captain Ad held up the squalling infant and regarded it.
“It’s a…hmm. It’s a…well, it’s got scales. And tentacles. And a beak.”
“Is he—is the curse—”
The weak mother struggled up. She was afraid. All Drowned People were, to give birth. The ocean’s taint on their bodies could pass on to their children in odd ways. But when she saw her son she cried out and took him from Captain Ad with trembling hands.
“He’s beautiful.”
“That he is. We can’t thank you enough, sir. What can we—”
