Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 15
“Well, he didn’t! Remember the smell? And he was old. But he was in charge of a lot of lessons, and so the council wanted another of the oldest and most inactive mages to take on the job. Unfortunately, that would have meant choosing Belfore—he’s a Preservationist, just like Yim, the other teacher who was taking on a lot of classes. But that would have meant that the Preservationists were essentially doing all the teaching, and they didn’t want to let that happen in case it became precedent. So they insisted that the teaching be taken up by mages from all factions, which led to, among others, Rievan getting tapped for the job.”
“He’s not that important. So he got the job.”
“I see. But what about Illphres? You said she was important?”
“Yes, well, the Centrists—they’re the ones who want us to make every mage in the world part of Wistram and declare ourselves a nation—they’re always fighting with the Isolationists. And they really don’t like Illphres, so they nominated her. And she’s got a lot of enemies so they passed the vote and made her take the classes.”
Beatrice smiled.
“Simple, right?”
“No!”
Ceria clutched at her head while Pisces nodded and kept asking more questions. Ceria went off to get dessert—a lovely bread with sugar baked into the crust and glazed with honey. Mages ate well at Wistram, but this was a treat. She returned to the table and suffered through more discussions of politics. Pisces looked hurt when she suggested they leave.
“You don’t find this interesting? There’s so much depth here!”
“Depth is for people who want it. I came here for magic, not politics.”
Ceria groused. But she had one thought. She turned to Calvaron and Beatrice.
“What about Amerys? Does she belong to any faction?”
The two older students blinked at her. Calvaron slowly shook his head.
“Amerys? Some factions wouldn’t have her simply for what she’s done. Others might, but Amerys has never approached anyone. The mage of the King of Destruction’s Seven stands alone.”
“She has friends.”
“More enemies than friends by a long shot. No, Amerys is alone, for all she’s an Archmage. I’d walk clear of her if I were you. No one forces her to do anything. And she’s unpredictable at best.”
“Like when she went out to fight the Sea Serpent. That was a surprise.”
“Not really. You know she likes battle, Beatrice.”
“I thought she did it to gain favor with the Revivalists, or maybe the Centrists.”
“Her? Hah! Never. Now, I can see one of the other Archmages doing that. Old Verdan Blackwood for instance could have taken down the Sea Serpent, but Amerys volunteered. Do you know what happened after that? Pisces, you’re not going to believe this…”
Somehow, it was dinner time before the conversation ended. Ceria and Pisces loaded up their plates with more food and chatted with Calvaron and Beatrice for another hour until Ceria decided they really did need to get back to their rooms to study.
“I can’t believe we talked for six hours!”
Ceria exclaimed out loud as she and Pisces headed back to their rooms. He only smiled, looking as happy as she’d ever seen him.
“It’s wonderful isn’t it? This place is such a haven of learning. I feel like I’m right at home when I have discussions like these.”
“More like a place to get fat. I ate too much.”
“Good food, magic, and interesting people to talk to. What’s not to love?”
“Rievan. And Illphres. And Charles de Trevalier.”
“Well, besides them.”
