Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 2
He winced as a napkin, sausage, and pinch of salt bounced off his chest. Montressa laughed, covered her mouth, and thus became part of the table.
“So, why are you here Montressa?”
Calvaron asked that after the young woman had begun eating the food she’d brought. Ceria saw her pause as she lifted a forkful of buttered peas to her mouth. Montressa put her fork down and glanced at Ceria and Pisces before replying.
“Well, I’m ah, new here. And I was just accepted to Wistram, but I actually didn’t take the exams. I got in late you see; I’ve only been studying for a week now.”
Ceria saw Pisces’ eyebrows rise and she blinked in astonishment herself. But Calvaron only nodded as if it were obvious.
“Your family paid the full fees for this year? Well, no wonder Wistram accepted you.”
Montressa blushed.
“I wanted to take the exam, but I wouldn’t have passed and I missed the first ship you see—”
“Don’t worry about it. A student’s a student. It’s just your good fortune you could afford to pay your way in.”
Ceria frowned.
“Du Valeross? Oh, you’re one of the Terandrian nobility, aren’t you? You wouldn’t happen to know Timor du Havrington, would you?”
“Me? No. I mean, I know of his family, but I haven’t talked to any of them.”
“Good. Otherwise we’d have to kick you out of the table.”
Calvaron smiled to allay the girl’s sudden panic.
“Don’t worry. It’s nothing you’ve done. It’s just that Ceria and Pisces here don’t get along with Timor du Havrington or his friends. I’d suggest you stay away from him as well. He’s a bad egg, you know. And let me tell you, there’s nothing like a bad egg to spoil an omelette.”
Montressa nodded seriously, and Ceria had to pinch herself hard not to burst out laughing. She saw the same humor in Pisces and Beatrice’s eyes; Montressa was so earnest she was taking Calvaron seriously.
They kept eating. Montressa explained that she was an aspiring mage—she’d been tutored since she was young, but to really start her education she’d been sent to Wistram by her family.
“My parents are of the lesser Terandrian nobility. They want me to become a great mage and apparently I have the aptitude, so they made a gift to Wistram for my enrollment.”
“And no doubt you’ve been approached by all the factions already. I hope you didn’t commit.”
The young woman nodded nervously.
“I was told to avoid making promises. And I’m just learning my way around here still—I only found out about secrets yesterday. I don’t want to take sides, just study.”
“Good luck.”
Pisces sighed, and Ceria made a face. She was still independent after a year, as was he. But pressure on them was mounting too.
“So you’re a new, keen student. That makes sense, but I have to ask, why sit with us? We’re happy to have you, but you seem to have approached us for a reason.”
Montressa fiddled with her fork.
“I um, heard you all were really good mages. I didn’t study with the other students for the first month, so I’m really behind—I was hoping I could ask one of you to tutor me. I could pay, but I don’t have that much coin on me and I don’t have any secrets, so…”
The older students fell silent. Calvaron stroked his chin as he glanced at Beatrice. She smiled slightly and nodded a bit—Ceria shrugged and poked Pisces. He was busy eating and didn’t notice.
“Well, Pisces here is probably the best for that.”
Pisces looked up.
“Me?”
“Yes, you. Why don’t you help young Montressa with her studies?”
The young man swept a hand through his messy hair, looking distracted.
