Wistram Days (Pt. 4)
Page 9
“What’s that? Salt?”
Ceria watched disbelievingly as Calvaron took out a small pouch of salt and began to add it to the rims of the glasses. He lined one and then poured some of the pale lime-colored liquid into the glass.
“There we are. Mm. This smells good. This, my dear Ceria, is called a Sand Tumbler—it’s an alcohol made with limes and lemons, I think. Don’t ask me why it’s called that. It’s a tasty drink—an alcohol I just bought from a ship captain who had a cargo full of drinks.”
“But salt?”
“It’s part of how you drink it. Again, don’t ask me why. But it—ooh, it does taste good! Here, Beatrice, you have to have one of these!”
Calvaron sipped from his glass with appreciation and delight. Beatrice, returned with a platter of food, reached for her own glass to prepare it like he had. Calvaron drank his, but objected when he saw Beatrice sprinkling the salt.
“Aw, Beatrice! Don’t put salt in the glass! A Sand Tumbler is supposed to have it on the rim. It adds to the taste!”
“I like salt. What about on the ice?”
“No, no! It’ll melt the ice and—look, let me do it, alright?”
Huffily, he showed Beatrice how to prepare the glass properly. When she was sipping it with apparent appreciation he turned back to Ceria and Pisces.
“I like to treat myself to the latest delicacy when I can afford it. Did you know this comes from Chandrar? It’s very refreshing—do either of you want to try one?”
Pisces declined. Ceria was sorely tempted, but she knew she had better spend all her time studying, not drinking.
“We’ve got to cram as much as we can right now, Calvaron. I’d love to stay, but unless you want to show us how to decipher complex enchantments—”
He groaned and Beatrice rolled her eyes.
“Dead gods, I’d rather let Illphres use me as a target than study that again. You two go study. Good luck!”
The two students left Calvaron and Beatrice to share their drink with a few students who’d drifted over, lured by the call of alcohol and snacks. Pisces was excited about the duel and Ceria was quiet, conflicted by her doubts.
“I do believe I might actually participate in a duel. Not a physical one—I’d rather not get hurt—but a verbal duel sounds promising! I might make some spending coin off of it. What do you think, do I have a chance?”
“If your opponent gets half as confused as I do, you’ll win for certain.”
Ceria smiled weakly at Pisces as they walked into his room. It had become their place to study, mainly because it was so convenient. And it had a balcony. He eagerly began spreading his notes over his bed and table as Ceria took a chair.
“What shall we focus on today? I thought we might work on our spell composition. I know that Rievan’s focused on it a lot already, but I think there’s room to improve.”
“Um, Pisces.”
He looked up as Ceria spoke quietly. Her heart was pounding, but she had to know.
“What is it?”
“Earlier this morning, I saw you talking with Timor. What was that about?”
She watched his face anxiously. Pisces wasn’t a good liar, Ceria knew. Or she thought she knew. He paused, and scratched at his hair as if trying to remember.
“Him? Oh that—nothing of consequence. I was just on my way to breakfast and he stopped me—”
“Pisces, please. I have to know.”
He paused, and then turned to look Ceria in the eye. Pisces sighed, and took a seat on his bed.
“Timor did, in fact approach me this morning to extend an invitation to me. To join him and Charles in their…faction. The Libertarians. They offered me quite a few incentives.”
Ceria felt a hand squeezing at her heart. It wasn’t what she’d feared, but it still made her worried.
