Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 6
“Where? A library? I told you I prefer solitude. Our room are back that way, if you recall.”
“Don’t be stupid. Montressa invited us to her rooms, remember? And they’re a lot less messy than yours and far bigger than mine.”
“Oh. Of course.”
It was now Ceria and Pisces’ custom to study with Montressa if Calvaron and Beatrice were busy. And the two older students often were. Aside from their more difficult classes, the two were officially an item now, which came as no surprise to anyone that knew them. Calvaron’s obvious affection for Beatrice made Ceria sick sometimes; not the affection itself mind, but the lavish compliments he heaped on her every second.
Pisces sniffed as he adjusted his robes. Ceria eyed him as she walked.
“You need to wash your robes again, or learn a cleaning spell, Pisces. Dead gods, if you can learn [Invisibility] in one month you’d think you could look up [Cleanse] or something!”
He looked down at his robes with a frown.
“I don’t think they’re that dirty.”
“I can see stains all over them! Go buy some new ones—I’m sure Calvaron could find you some nice ones enchanted against messes.”
“I prefer to save my coin for more important things.”
“Like what?”
“Spellbooks, Springwalker, spellbooks. Even with what I can earn in duels, obtaining a new spellbook will be extremely expensive. I need to save all the secrets and coin I can. Why, a wand would set me back—”
“Just don’t be surprised if Montressa kicks you out of her room for being too messy.”
“She wouldn’t do that, surely?”
Pisces looked worried. Ceria paused.
“No, I don’t think she would. She likes you, I think.”
“Really?”
He brightened. Ceria made a face at him.
“You can’t tell? It’s pretty obvious. And don’t tell me you haven’t seen Praemla making eyes at you in class.”
“Well, I—I might have seen, but you know—”
There was no accounting for taste. Pisces grew flustered as Ceria kept teasing him. He was fairly popular with the female sex it seemed, if only because he was a genius at magic. Ceria could only roll her eyes when someone brought Pisces up as a potential boyfriend. He was far too messy, distracted, and besides—
She poked him in the back. Pisces yelped and glared.
“What?”
“There’s rat dropping on your robes, Pisces! How have you not cleared those things out yet?”
“As a matter of fact, those are mice droppings, Ceria. I happened to run across a few briefly earlier this week.”
“Again? Do you seek out rodents in your spare time or something?”
“I—”
He faltered. Ceria glanced sharply at him.
This is what was different. In the time since they had become second-year students, Pisces had made a name for himself with his prowess in magic and dueling. He could beat students with several years on him thanks to his talent with a rapier. But he was also rich in secrets.
Very rich. In fact, Ceria sometimes wondered if Pisces had more secrets than Calvaron. It certainly seemed like Pisces knew everything sometimes. People could be whispering in the halls and he’d somehow pick up on it.
Naturally, everyone suspected Pisces of mastering an advanced eavesdropping spell, but no one could tell when he was using it or which spell it was. More than once Ceria had seen other students casting [Detect Magic] to try and observe him using the spell, but so far they—and she—hadn’t been able to figure out how Pisces was doing it.
“Something on your mind?”
“A bit.”
He turned down a corridor and Ceria saw him whisper a standard ward against listening. He kept talking casually with her, as if nothing had happened.
