Wistram Days (Pt. 4)
Page 10
“And? What did you say?”
“I refused him outright, of course!”
Pisces looked indignant and hurt that Ceria had to ask. He stood up, smoothing his robes.
“I told him no, but he kept pestering me. He wanted me to abandon my friendship with you so I could add my abilities to Charles and support him. I’ve apparently got good odds to pass the exam and the Libertarians want every new student they can get.”
“Why’d you say no? They can offer you a lot more than you’d get by being independent.”
“Hardly. You know what Calvaron said about factions.”
“Yeah, but…”
Ceria trailed off miserably. She didn’t want to suspect her friend, but she did. Pisces looked at her, and his tone softened.
“Ceria, I turned him down. I would never join with him. You are my…friend.”
He said the word cautiously. Ceria blinked up at him and Pisces colored. He turned and spoke rapidly.
“Besides, Timor’s offer was quite disingenuous, I felt. I am completely disinclined to subsume myself into a close-minded group that bows to the most influential member without discourse or free thought. Your company—and that of the other myriad members of each species—is far more pleasant for me.”
That was what he said, but his real meaning was far easier to understand. Ceria surprised herself by standing up and giving Pisces a quick hug.
“You’re a good friend Pisces, but you talk too much.”
He grinned at her, embarrassed, but pleased.
“So I’ve been told. Were you really that worried?”
“Not really—well, okay, a bit. Charles has it out for me.”
“I know he doesn’t like you, but do you really think he would try to get to you through me?”
Pisces frowned, but Ceria nodded with conviction.
“Positive. He doesn’t do anything openly, but you heard Calvaron. Charles is allied with Rievan and I think he’s been doing other stuff in secret. I’ve been finding trap spells and hexes around my room every few days when I wake up. I think he and his friends are planting them there each night.”
“I didn’t know about this! Why didn’t you tell me?”
Pisces looked outraged. He eyed Ceria and then turned red.
“You thought I was the one doing it?”
“I was wrong, okay? Look, Pisces. I know you’re a good friend. I do. But you’re Human and there’s a history between my people and yours.”
“So I’ve been given to understand, but this much? Charles didn’t like you on sight, but why? Is there really that much animosity?”
Ceria nodded tiredly. She wasn’t surprised Pisces didn’t know; if he’d grown up away from half-Elves or in a different nation he wouldn’t have the same perspective.
“I’m a half-Elf. He’s a Human noble. At one time my people ruled over most of Terandria and enslaved Humans.  It’s a longstanding grudge and it’s not as if Humans and half-Elves have gotten along splendidly since then. I’ll just bet Charles is from one of the Human families my people used to enslave.”
“Ah.”
“Yeah.”
“Or it could just be he hates half-Elves. Some Humans just hate other species. Stitch-people are widely accepted although some people get freaked out by them, but half-Elves are much more disliked. Lots of Humans hate us just for being, well, half Elf.”
“I don’t.”
“Yeah, but you’re a bit strange.”
“Thank you.”
Pisces grinned. Ceria smiled at him and felt better. He cleared his throat, looking at his scattered notes.
“Not to change the topic, but regardless of whether Charles is planning something, if we don’t study we’ll fail the exams anyways. Should we get to work?”
“Absolutely. Come on, let’s practice. Show me how you get your lightning to go straight, will you?”
