Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 5
By now, Ceria knew most of the academy back to front. The only places she hadn’t gone were the highest levels and deep into the bowels of the academy. It was still dangerous to wander in those places incautiously, but Ceria knew all the best shortcuts everywhere else.
So in less than five minutes, she was standing outside a door from which cold emanated. Ceria rapped on the frozen surface, ignoring the chill that made other students and mages hurry past her. She’d long since learned several spells to help with the cold.
After a moment, the door opened. A woman walked out. She nodded to Ceria—Ceria nodded back.
“You have eaten?”
“Just now. Do you want to have breakfast first or—?”
“Let’s go.”
Illphres walked down the corridor slowly. Ceria followed. Her relationship with her master, Illphres, was a simple one. Illphres ordered and Ceria usually obeyed. They didn’t waste time with greetings or chitchat, mainly because Illphres had no tolerance for it.
“Hey master.”
“Don’t call me that.”
Illphres turned and scowled at Ceria. The half-Elf took the glare unfazed.
“I get called ‘Professor Springwalker’ because of you. If I get called names, so do you.”
Illphres paused. She moved her hand past her mouth, and when she lowered it, she was smiling.
“They call you that? Hah.”
“It’s your fault.”
Ceria scowled as the woman turned and kept walking slowly down the corridors. Illphres just shrugged.
“So?”
“Most masters don’t make their apprentices teach their classes for them.”
“They should. It’s convenient.”
Ceria glowered. That was the thing about Illphres. She didn’t care at all about your feelings, and in fact seemed to delight in annoying other people.
And she usually came up with inventive ways to do it. Not that she’d deliberately gotten herself a teaching position for another year on purpose—that was just politics. But it had definitely been Illphres’ idea to make Ceria do the teaching instead.
Most masters made their apprentices get them food, or clean their rooms, organize their notes, assist with spellcasting and so on. But Illphres hated for anyone to do any of that for her—she wouldn’t let Ceria pull her seat out for her. And yet, she had no problems ordering Ceria to spend half her day teaching and preparing her next lesson for students when it suited her.
“I’ve barely had time to practice with all my lessons, you know.”
“But you do practice, don’t you?”
“Of course!”
“Hmm. We’ll see.”
Illphres led Ceria to a well-used set of rooms, looking at glowing stones on the doors until she found one that wasn’t lit.
“In here.”
They entered into the practice room. It was just an empty room, really. Some had furniture or other objects that could be used for magic practice, but most were just empty. This one had a white marble floor—enchanted of course, to protect against the spells mages would test in here.
Illphres paused in the center of the room and turned to face Ceria.
“Now, attack me.”
There was no warm up, no preamble. Ceria just raised her finger and started casting magic.
“[Ice Dart]! [Ice Spike]! [Frost Arrows]!”
The spells shot from her fingers in the form of deadly shards of ice, some as long as Ceria’s forearm and twice as wide. They shattered harmlessly on the sheets of thick ice that had materialized in front of Illphres. The woman let the slabs of ice hover around her, creating a multi-layered shield Ceria strove to break.
