Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 2
“Calvaron and Beatrice said you’d complain, Ceria. But it’s a good thing you do, isn’t it? It means you care about your students.”
“Well…I’m their teacher. I have to care.”
Ceria hunched her shoulders defensively. Calvaron wagged his finger at her.
“Ah, ah. Don’t be modest, Ceria. I hear good things about your class. You may torture your students—”
“I do not—”
“—torture them with lessons harder than all the rest of their classes combined, but they’re learning a lot from you. The students can tell, for all they think you’re the scariest half-Elf they’ve ever met. You’re doing a good job.”
“Well.”
Ceria couldn’t think of anything to say in reply. She tried not to blush, but knew her ears had turned slightly red.
“It’s just a job. I didn’t want it. It’s a pain and it’s keeping me from studying—anyways, it’s fine. What about you three? I’ve been so busy I haven’t had time to catch up with you all this year.”
The other students sitting at Ceria’s table shrugged. She eyed Calvaron and Beatrice, largely unchanged since she’d gotten to know them. The only real difference was that Calvaron was a bit heavier, having gained weight, and Beatrice had upgraded her plain metal armor with a new coat of paint and what looked like steel mixed in with the common iron.
They had grown. But so had Mons, and in far more dramatic ways than the other two. In the year after the infamous day when Ceria had been caught up in a battle at sea with a powerful pirate navy, the young girl had turned into a young woman.
Humans grew up so fast. In one year, Mons had finished most of her adolescence and become, well, as physically old as Ceria. She had grown two inches taller, and her hair had gotten longer. Her breasts were a bit bigger, she had a bit more muscle, and she was more confident than the girl Ceria had met.
Now Mons smiled at Ceria, the depths of her pale saffron-topaz irises glinting in the morning light. She looked rather strange to Ceria, with her red hair and bright eyes. Half-Elves didn’t have naturally red hair. Staring at her now, the half-Elf felt a pang in her chest. In one year, Ceria had barely changed, but Mons had transformed. How much different would she become by the time Ceria graduated?
“And you, Mons? How are classes in the second year?”
“Good! I’m really enjoying my classes on ward spells. I don’t know why, but I’ve got a real knack for casting them. I’ve gotten a Skill – [Layered Ward]! I think I could really specialize in that field!”
“That’s great news, Mons.”
Ceria smiled at the young woman while Calvaron and Beatrice made similar complimentary noises.
“You never told me you got a Skill, Mons! When was this?”
“Last week. And I told Beatrice, but I didn’t tell you because she said you’d just sell the secret to someone.”
Mons’ eyes twinkled as Calvaron spluttered and turned red. Ceria laughed.
“Well, I’m glad you’ve learned how to put Calvaron in his place. I thought you’d be in real trouble with me gone.”
“It’s not been the same without you, Ceria.”
Calvaron sighed and shook his head.
“Mons and Beatrice try, but no one has your sharp tongue—or penchant for kicking and throwing things at people. I keep telling them, only you can kick like a real Centaur.”
“Shut up.”
“No, I’m serious. Ever since you went off and had to become Illphres’ apprentice, things have been so lonely. How could you just abandon us like that?”
“You’re disgusting. Didn’t you win a bundle for betting I’d be able to do it when everyone said I didn’t have a chance?”
“Of course. But that’s that and this is this.”
