Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 1
Perhaps that was why this mage was angry. Then again, it could have just been her personality. All the new students knew was that their teacher was as terrifying as she was good at ice magic. And whenever they saw her in the hallways, or now, entering the banquet hall for breakfast, they took care to greet her deferentially while clearing a path.
“Good morning, professor.”
“Hello, professor.”
It was a title of respect. And fear. The students backed away from their magic teacher, letting her select her food and pile it onto a plate before moving away to their collective relief. The teacher stalked away towards a far table, face frozen with a hostility that her students had grown to dread.
“Hoi, teacher! Over here!”
Someone waved to her. The mage turned. Her face changed little, but she scowled as she sat down with a few other mages for breakfast. One of them grinned at her.
“Hi there. How’s it going, professor Ceria?”
Calvaron stared at Ceria Springwalker’s glaring face for a few more seconds and then burst out laughing. He howled with mirth as he pounded the table Beatrice and Mons sat at. Ceria kept glaring until the Centaur had finished.
“You done? Because if you’re not, I’ll shove an icicle so far up your—”
“Whoa there, don’t take it out on me! Please, professor, show mercy!”
The Centaur raised his hands in mock fright. He grinned at Ceria, still sniggering at her. She wanted to throw her plate at him, but it wouldn’t be worth it. Calvaron had been laughing about the title her students had given her since the year had started. She growled as she cut into the steak slathered with butter on her plate.
“I keep telling them not to call me that.”
“Yes, but you know students. They have to have a nickname for their teachers, and I think ‘professor’ suits you quite well. Don’t you, Beatrice?”
The Dullahan looked up from her plate and nodded her head with her hands. She had a book open by her head and was alternating between staring at that and nibbling on cheese.
“It’s a better name than Scaleslough. That’s what they called our old teacher.”
“Dead gods, I’d forgotten! We used to call old Tshya that all the time! That brings back memories.”
The Centaur smiled at the memory, but Beatrice did not. She looked at Ceria.
“How are classes going?”
“How do you expect? Badly.”
Ceria made a face as she forked a dripping piece of meat into her mouth. She wanted to grimace, but the hot meat made her too happy to properly grouch. Instead, she only sighed, sipping at the sweet juice in her cup as she stretched out on the comfy cushioned seats she’d grown used to.
“All these new students don’t know the difference between a fire spell and a water one, I swear. Their magical composition is terrible, they can’t compress their mana correctly, their aim is so bad I have to put up a ward or they’ll hit each other—”
The half-Elf broke off, affronted as Calvaron and Beatrice laughed at this. Mons had to smile too, although she tried to look away from Ceria. Ceria growled as she eyed her friends.
“What’s so funny?”
“Sorry, Ceria. It’s just that—every teacher always says the same thing about their students.”
Calvaron chuckled as he explained.
“All the mages who have to teach say it. And all of the older students say it too. Why, not two years ago I heard all the older mages saying it about your year.”
“They did not.”
Beatrice nodded, smiling.
“Did too. And now you’re saying it. It’s funny.”
Ceria turned her head to stare at Montressa. The younger girl turned red, but she grinned sheepishly at Ceria.
