Wistram Days (Pt. 4)
Page 8
“Don’t you know? All the mages inclined towards combat get up early to train. They probably wondered whether you wanted to join them.”
“Oh bark mold.”
Ceria put her head in her hands and groaned as Pisces and Calvaron laughed.
“Shut up! I didn’t know, okay?”
“Don’t fret, Springwalker. Look at it this way; attracting their attention can’t hurt you, especially if they think you might be an asset to the academy.”
“It can if they saw how badly I did! I was trying to get back my aim in secret!”
“Well, you should have practiced elsewhere. The rocks around the academy are a favorite spot for all mages to practice. Less bodies to hit if their aim’s off, you see.”
“I didn’t know you were practicing. Was it for the exam?”
Pisces looked at Ceria with a frown. She nodded, not meeting his eyes.
“Ceria’s got the right idea, Pisces. She’s rated high for passing the combat portion ahead of most of the students. You should just try and get top marks in other areas. Mind you, you might have a shot at doing well in the combat portion too, given that no one’s taken classes in combat magic so far.”
“Thanks to Illphres.”
“I hate her so much.”
Ceria mumbled to herself as she stuffed her mouth full of cottage cheese. Calvaron shrugged.
“It’s not good for anyone, but hey, after the exams I’m sure the Council will find someone else to teach you lot. They can’t have you not being taught for an entire year.”
“Too late if we fail.”
“You’re so pessimistic! But hey, speaking of Illphres, did you know that Charles de Trevalier got into her classroom?”
“No.”
Pisces and Ceria both stared at Calvaron in shock. He nodded.
“Apparently, your good friend Charles was seen in the classroom. He caused a big commotion, calling for Illphres to come and teach him.”
“So she taught him, then? How’d he manage to get past the ice?”
“That’s the thing.”
Calvaron’s eyes twinkled in amusement.
“He got in, but apparently he got someone else to melt the ice for him. Anyways, it was obvious he hadn’t done it himself, so Illphres said it didn’t count. I heard she and Rievan were arguing about it and she nearly froze his face off. He’s probably the one who did it, although it must have been a struggle.”
“Rievan and Charles are working together?”
Ceria exchanged a horrified glance with Pisces. She’d noticed Rievan didn’t pick on Charles nearly as much for his failures, but she hadn’t expected the two people who hated her most to join forces. Calvaron nodded seriously.
“Oh yes, Charles is heavily in Rievan’s camp now. He’s part of the Libertarian faction for sure. They’ll love having someone with his family’s deep pockets and influence, that’s certain. And if they throw a bit of help back towards his family when they’re having their own political battles, well, everyone wins.”
“Great. Just great.”
Ceria put her head down on the table. Pisces patted her gingerly on the back while Calvaron and Beatrice discussed what they’d do with their winnings.
“I think this is a great time to break out that drink I just bought. Beatrice, can you get some more quiches? Or maybe some of those eggrolls—or just cold cuts of meat? I’m told this goes well with spicy food, but I hate spices.”
“On it.”
The Dullahan left the table as Ceria raised her head in time to see Calvaron producing two glasses and a bottle and placing them on the table. He had a very limited bag of holding that let him carry objects around.
“What’s this? Are you drinking at lunch?”
“Just a bit, just a bit. I made a good bundle betting on that duel. And this is a treat. Here—Pisces will you hold this bottle? I need to get this out…”
