Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 16
“Well I—I’ve been talking with her, Ceria. You see, Cognita’s one of the only people—beings—in this academy who will give me the time of day. She’s quite brilliant, you know. She’s seen more magic than anyone in Wistram, and she taught me so many things about Golems and mage craft. She taught me how to make this Golem. Did you know that she thinks I have real aptitude? She even—”
“Don’t talk to her! Don’t go near her!”
“What? Why?”
“She’s the enemy!”
Ceria shouted at Pisces. He didn’t understand, and she couldn’t explain. She stomped over to his Golem and punched it. The brittle clay broke under her fist and Pisces shouted.
“What are you doing? Do you know how hard I worked to—”
“Why are you doing this?”
Ceria turned to Pisces. She thrust a finger in his chest, making him stumble back. His face was red with anger, but she was even more furious.
“First necromancy, now—this? Why can’t you practice normal magic? Why can’t you just be a normal mage? Everyone would accept you then! Why don’t you get a normal master and stop—”
“Don’t you think I’ve tried?”
Pisces shoved Ceria’s hand away. She blinked. His eyes were wide and bloodshot. Pisces nearly shouted, his voice cracking with passion.
“I’ve gone to every mage—every one I know or thought would consider having me as an apprentice. I’ve asked—none of them were willing to teach me even when I told them I’d swear off necromancy as long as I studied under them! No one will teach me, and I’m not going to afford the fees for next year! Don’t you understand!?”
After his outburst there was silence. Ceria stared at Pisces and slowly sank back into his chair. He couldn’t look at her.
“Necromancy? That’s just raising the dead. Some might object, but It’s no curse. But the fools who claim to be mages here treat it as such. Thus, I suppose the curse is indeed real—though by the prejudices and limited understanding of others.”
“You’re going to leave?”
He looked at her, on the brink of tears.
“I have to. I have no coin, no one to speak for me. The only hope I have is a master, but who would take me as their apprentice?”
Ceria’s mind raced. The words came out before she could think about it.
“Illphres. My master. She might.”
Pisces stared at her, but then shook his head, closing his eyes.
“She will say no. I know Illphres—she would never agree.”
“I could ask—”
“She’ll say no.”
Pisces turned away. He walked back over to the broken Golem and stared at it.
“Leave me, Springwalker. I am—busy. I have work to do, especially if this year is to be my last.”
She stared at him, and then slowly walked out of the room. Only after she felt a bit of liquid dripping from her hand did she realize the clay Golem’s shards had cut her skin.
 
—-
 
“Take Pisces on as an apprentice? No. Don’t be stupid.”
Illphres looked at Ceria as though she were mad when Ceria brought it up to her the next day. The two were sitting on the edge of the walkway above the ocean.
Just sitting. Ceria had gotten over her fear of heights, mainly because Illphres had made her come up here to practice. A mage could have no weaknesses, after all. She stared down at the sea below, fighting her belly.
“Why not? He’s smart, gifted—he needs a master or he won’t be able to stay!”
“Too bad, I guess. But I’m not teaching him.”
“Why?”
Illphres took her time in replying. She’d grown—not warmer, but maybe a bit softer towards Ceria over the year. In the last month, she was downright friendly at times. Both could feel it. The time of the challenge was approaching fast.
“He’s not my type.”
