Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 15
That wasn’t what Ceria wanted to hear. Illphres just smacked her on the back of the head.
“Don’t look like that. It’s about our combat styles.”
“What do you mean? You two are friends, right? Why won’t she help you fight? I’m sure she’d love a chance to battle such powerful enemies.”
Illphres snorted and nearly laughed outright.
“Us? Friends? What gave you that idea? I can’t stand her.”
“But you train all the time! Every morning I see you two—”
“We’re competing. And yes, we sometimes train together. That’s because we’re a good match. She’s lightning and air and I’m ice and water. She prefers rapid all-out assaults and I use traps and fight drawn out battles. She doesn’t think and I plan every move.”
“Oh.”
“And she won’t join us. I asked.”
“Why not?”
“She’s waiting for her King.”
That was all Illphres said. She and Ceria sat in silence, staring at the melting ice. After a moment, Illphres spoke again.
“If I had a minute to prepare, or if it was a double battle—”
“Yes?”
“I’d win. I’m one of the best mages at fighting defensively. You saw my barriers. That will be my role in the battle. So long as I live, I will protect my teammates.”
So long as I live. Ceria shuddered at the words. They were a frank statement about what might happen. But she didn’t want to think of it.
 
—-
 
To distract herself, Ceria went to Pisces more than once over the months that followed. Sometimes she came away happy, relieved that he hadn’t changed. Other times she stormed out of his room after a fight, or left wondering how the earnest young man she’d known had disappeared and been replaced by this thing. But it all came together a month before Illphres and the others planned to challenge the Golems, as Ceria let her anger explode at Pisces.
He was busy showing her the newest spells he’d learned. Ceria tried to focus; she knew Pisces had a terrible time obtaining new spellbooks or learning from anyone. But as her attention wavered from the brilliant [Flame Rapier] spell he had mastered, she stared at something covered with cloth in the corner of the room.
Pisces, engrossed in fencing with the flaming blade, whirled as he heard Ceria shout in surprise. She was backing away from the thing in the corner, the cloth in her hands.
“Ceria!”
She pointed, finger shaking.
“Is that—”
It was a deformed thing, barely recognizable. It was humanoid—barely. It had been made of wet clay that had dried and sculpted to look like a Human, but the sculptor, Pisces, was untrained and so the body was lumpy and the arms deformed. It had two stumps for legs.
“Ah, I see you’ve found my latest work. I was going to show you, but—”
“Pisces! What is it?”
He looked surprised at Ceria’s reaction.
“A Golem. One of my own creations. Don’t be alarmed; it’s barely functional. Worthless, really. Can’t you tell? I admit, the workmanship might be a tad shoddy, but—”
“Get rid of it!”
Ceria backed away from the clay thing. Pisces frowned at her.
“What? Don’t be alarmed, Ceria, it’s not animated!”
She rounded on him furiously.
“What are you doing, making a Golem? Aren’t there enough around here?”
He took a step back and stammered as Ceria shouted at him.
“Well, I was taught.”
“By who?”
“Cognita.”
The word doused the flames of Ceria’s anger in a second. She felt a chill in her stomach and stepped back from Pisces.
“Explain.”
