Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 14
“It’s bad luck I’m afraid. Sorry. But there are other factions in Wistram you should know about. Your good friend Rievan, for instance, belongs to the Libertarian group. They want us to start taking sides with different nations and throwing our influence around.”
“Sounds like a bad idea.”
“Don’t let any of the Libertarians catch you saying that. A lot of them are from Terandria, and they take a deep interest in the politics from there.”
“So factions are something else we’ll have to worry about?”
Ceria didn’t like the thought of that, but Calvaron just chuckled.
“Not for a while, and certainly not until you pass your exam. And if you get strong enough, you might be able to deal with factions on your own. The more important you are, the less your connections and factions matter. Then it’s just about who you are as a [Mage].”
“But it sounds like unless I’m a powerful mage, I’ll need to join a faction or be in danger.”
Ceria pointed that out and Pisces nodded in agreement. Calvaron paused before shaking his head.
“Not necessarily. You see, the factions keep each other in check so that the independents like me can function. How can I explain it? Okay, let’s say someone—a certain angry Elementalist teacher for instance—wanted to harass you. Because he doesn’t like your ears.”
“He doesn’t like me because of my ears.”
“Yes, but he’s not actively trying to harm you or get in your way, is he? That’s because if he did start attacking you, the Revivalists and the Preservationists would be all over him. They don’t want him to alienate your people—or spread the rumor that Wistram is a speciesist institution.”
“Preservationists? That’s a long name, isn’t it?”
“They chose it, not us. Anyways, Mister Angry Elementalist would have to have a lot of support from his faction to get at you. He’d also have to consider your friends, and how much the other factions would retaliate if he went at you. Mind you, you’re hanging out with second and third-year students who aren’t powerful. Beatrice is a [Runeshaper] and I’m just a generalist [Mage], so we don’t have much clout.”
“You study runes, Beatrice? You never said.”
Beatrice nodded. She tapped at her armor where Ceria now saw some carved symbols etched into the metal.
“Working on some personal enchantments. Rune magic is very popular among Dullahans. But not powerful in faction.”
“Right. But don’t worry—Rievan’s not going to try anything. It would be too much trouble if he did and you’re not worth it.”
“Thanks.”
“Hey, it’s just politics. Like how you got stuck with Rievan and Illphres anyways. That was due to a squabble with the factions.”
“Really? Would you mind explaining how that happened?”
Pisces was interested, although Ceria wasn’t. Calvaron shrugged.
“You really want to know?”
“I do.”
“I don’t.”
“Well, I’ll tell Pisces and you can just eat your dead pig, Ceria. Now, the current mages teaching are mostly mages who like doing it. Some mages earn their keep and just live here by teaching. It’s not going to make them influential, but it is necessary and so they keep doing it. But a year ago, Tshya, the old Drake who taught me and Beatrice, died.”
“Poor Tshya.”
“He had scale rot. Very nasty odor. He never cleaned himself right near the end.”
“Calvaron!”
