Wistram Days (Pt. 7)
Page 2
“He asked. And it was an incomplete spell. I believe Pisces has a chance of completing it. In his own way.”
Another revelation. This one hurt Ceria’s heart. It was one thing to know Pisces was smart, acknowledge that he could do things Ceria could not. He was a genius, but this? Pisces had a chance to do what Archmage Zelkyr could not. Cognita had said so. It made Ceria doubt the angry words she had spoken to him.
“Do you support him doing necromancy? Do you even care?”
“I see in his magic something akin to what mages do when they shape Golems, but different. I care not if they are dead bodies or clay and stone that is shaped. I believe his ideas are intriguing. I wonder if he will be able to do as he claims. Even for Zelkyr, the only creation he was able to imbue with true intelligence was a Truestone Golem, my kind. What base material would be equivalent among the dead?”
Ceria had no idea. But she shivered again to think of a walking thing, some shambling zombie with rotting flesh that could grow stronger. What if it could talk? What if it could think, like Cognita? A talking, leveling undead was too close to an actual person, yet indescribably far away from life at the same time.
“I don’t know if Pisces can do it. But I feel like it’s wrong. That’s all I can say. I’m sorry. I have to go.”
She didn’t want to look at Cognita anymore. The Golem nodded.
“I will leave you to your business after mentioning one last issue. The day when your master and four other mages plan to challenge me is fifteen days away. I trust they are all prepared and aware of the consequences of failure?”
The breath caught in Ceria’s chest. She stared back at Cognita, eyes wide. How did the Golem know?
“That—that’s right. They know. My master knows.”
Cognita nodded once again.
“Please inform her that if she or any of the other mages desire to wait or change the appointed time, I would be happy to do so. Good night, Ceria Springwalker.”
She turned and began to walk away. Ceria took one look at Cognita’s back and fled.
 
—-
 
“You told Cognita when you’d be challenging her?”
Illphres looked up with a frown as Ceria slammed the door behind her and stormed into the room.
“Told who?”
“Cognita!”
Ceria clutched at her hair. She’d run all the way to Illphres’ room. The mage shrugged.
“Oh, yes. We told her.”
“Why?”
“It’s convenient. It means she knows and won’t be busy, and it means we can’t back out.”
“But if she knows, she could set traps. Prepare—”
“She won’t. She never has and never will. But this way we won’t alert the entire academy when Cognita goes striding up to the top floor.”
Illphres was too calm. She was always calm. She held a book with a light blue bound cover in her hands, glancing at the page and at Ceria as she spoke. It was her personal spellbook.
“Calm down. Stop pacing. It’s annoying.”
Ceria stopped. She whirled and looked at her master.
“Tell me you can do it.”
Illphres sighed and closed the book. She stared at the ceiling, and then looked at Ceria.
“We have a chance.”
“How do you know?”
“Because it was nearly done once.”
“Really?”
Ceria’s ears perked up. Illphres nodded.
“A group of mages nearly succeeded. So we can too.”
“But how do you know? Is there a history or—”
“A few records of challenges, but no. We can tell just from the Golems in the room. Sit. Think about how we can tell.”
Ceria sat unwillingly. She fidgeted, and then came up with the only explanation she could think of.
“The missing Golem. The one replaced by the armored knight one.”
“Exactly. That’s proof.”
“But that’s only one of the five Golems—”
“No, it’s a sign. Think.”
