Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 1
At last, Pisces blinked and looked up with a frown. He took in the new students being jeered, laughed at, and congratulated and blinked.
“Oh, are the exams over? That was quick.”
“Yes, it was. Stop reading and eat with us.”
Ceria yanked the worn spellbook out of Pisces’ hands. He protested, but gave in and pulled the cold plate of sausages and potatoes over towards him.
“You interrupted me just as I thought I was getting towards a breakthrough. I was close to figuring out the [Invisibility] spell, I’m sure of it!”
“You’ve been saying that all month. One break’s not going to kill you so shut up and eat.”
The half-Elf rolled her eyes as she levitated a tureen of gravy over while Pisces warmed his food up with a simple heat spell. In moments he was happily scarfing down his food.
Calvaron sighed and shook his head as he stared at the two second-year students sadly.
“It’s so sad.”
“Don’t start, Calvaron.”
“No, no! I have to say this.”
The Centaur pretended to be deeply troubled, sighing and clutching at his chest.
“I can’t bear to see it. How quickly you two become jaded – it feels like just yesterday you two were eager students, so happy to be admitted to Wistram! Didn’t you, Ceria, burst into tears at the table one year ago? And you, Pisces, I fondly recall you getting so drunk you thought you could cast the [Flight] spell and leaping off your balcony—”
He ducked as Ceria hurled one of Pisces’ sausages at him. Beatrice raised her head so she could glare at everyone.
“Stop that. Behave.”
Calvaron raised his hands and Ceria went back to her food. Pisces was busy eating. The four students were used to each other’s company after a year of studying together, and so in no time they were talking about the latest world news and gossiping over publicly available secrets. But Calvaron stopped and turned his head as someone new approached their table.
“Um, excuse me. Do you mind if I sit with you?”
Ceria paused as she reached for her goblet of milk, chewing a huge bite of sausage. She saw a young Human staring anxiously at her, a young woman to be exact, bright red hair hanging in a loose ponytail down the robes on her back.
“Why certainly, miss. Have a seat, please!”
Calvaron ushered the young woman to one of the padded chairs that went well with the low table. He waggled his fingers at Ceria and she shoved Pisces’ plate over to make room, much to his displeasure.
“Ceria, I’m eating—”
Pisces looked up and took in the new arrival. He coughed, and wiped his mouth with a napkin.
“Ah, excuse me. Who is this?”
“My name is Montressa du Valeross. I’m a first-year student here.”
The young woman bowed her head slightly, practically radiating nervousness. She seemed intimidated by the older students, especially Beatrice, who was regarding her with her usual calm. Ceria found that amusing, and noted the slight smile on Calvaron’s face.
“Please, sit, Montressa. Are you here for me, or something else? I’m afraid I don’t have that many secrets to buy at the moment, but if you’re looking to sell a few—”
“Secrets? Oh—I mean, no. I’d just like to sit and talk and—”
Montressa stumbled over her words. Calvaron just laughed though, and with his usual charm broke through her awkwardness.
“Oh, just talk is it? Well, I’m good at talking. You’re one of the students who just passed the exam? Congratulations! Don’t let my dour companions put you off—Beatrice stares at everyone, Ceria’s always grumpy and Pisces doesn’t see anything when he’s eating.”
