Wistram Days (Pt. 7)
Page 12
It was impossible. Ceria was just dreaming. She’d wake up and—and wake up in her bed. This was just a bad dream.
But it was reality. And although Ceria sat in the corridor for hours, wishing, praying, reality would not change for her.
In the end, it was someone else who made Ceria look up.
“Ah. You’re still alive?”
It was a voice Ceria had never heard, not once. She looked up and saw Amerys standing over her. Amerys, the Calm Flower of the Battlefield. One of the King’s Seven.
“Go away.“
The woman stared down at Ceria as the half-Elf clutched at her arms, hard enough to bruise her skin. She looked at the doors.
“Well, Illphres is gone now, is she? Too bad. I’ll miss her for morning practice. She was always the best at making barriers.”
That casual sentence, the simple acknowledgement of everything Ceria was denying, was too much. She leapt to her feet.
“Shut up! Shut up!”
Amerys looked at Ceria, calmly. Not with amusement or scorn, but with something as cold as Illphres’ ice in her eyes.
“She’s dead.”
“No, she’s—”
Ceria couldn’t lie. But she didn’t want to say it. Amerys studied her and shook her head.
“You know, she told me she was challenging the Golems tonight. She asked me to stop you from killing yourself if she failed.”
“She what?”
Ceria stared at Amerys in shock. The woman nodded.
“I would have come earlier, but I figured that you’d either be in that room by now, dead, or wallowing in misery out here.”
“But she—she didn’t think she’d—she was going to—”
“Change Wistram?”
Amerys snorted softly. Ceria choked. Now tears were falling from her eyes again. Amerys looked back at the doors and sighed softly.
“Perhaps she would have. But Cognita was too strong, wasn’t she? If I’d agreed to help, we probably would have died. Then again, maybe not. We’ll never know.”
“She asked you?”
“Oh yes.”
The woman nodded, meeting Ceria’s horrified stare.
“I told her no.”
“Why? She asked you and you said no? You—you coward! If you’d been alive, if you’d helped her—”
Ceria began screaming at Amerys. The woman shook her head, ignoring Ceria’s helpless fury.
“It was too risky. If there was a chance of me dying—I told Illphres I wouldn’t risk it. I told her to wait, even if it was for another decade, to challenge the Golems with ten times their number if they could. It turns out I was right.”
“She was brave! She was a true mage! She and Jurix and Bastam and the others—they had courage. You’re supposed to be a famous mage! Why didn’t you go?  Are you afraid? Are all of the King of Destruction’s servants such cowards?”
It was only when Amerys’ eyes flashed with fury that Ceria realized who she was talking to. A living legend, the equivalent of any Named Adventurer. Amerys spoke softly, but her voice was filled with controlled…passion.
“Coward? I suppose that’s fair. But if I am a coward, it is for my King. Do not misunderstand me, half-Elf. I would go in that room and challenge the Golems alone if it were not for Flos, my liege.”
“Why?”
The woman turned away from Ceria. When she looked back over her shoulder, her eyes were shining with something similar to the look Ceria had seen in Illphres’ eyes.
“Because he is a king worth being a coward for. Because someday he will return. Make no mistake; someday I will be at his side and we shall challenge the Golems together. We will walk beyond those doors and see for ourselves the heights of magic. But until then I will do all I can to live until the day he calls for me.”
Ceria could say nothing to that. She let the tears run down her eyes as she stared at Amerys. The woman looked away and shook her head.
