Wistram Days (Pt. 7)
Page 3
Illphres sighed as her tone grew waspish. She hated explaining things when she thought Ceria should understand.
“Any idiot could figure it out. Archmage Zelkyr made this challenge for any mages trying to reach the higher floors, didn’t he? He designed it to be challenged over and over again, which meant that he would expect his four guardian Golems—plus Cognita—to never be destroyed. They would fight in tandem and overwhelm their opponents without sustaining enough damage to be destroyed.”
“So the missing Golem—”
“It’s a sign that someone broke their formation. And nearly won, too. Because if they could isolate one of the Golems long enough to destroy it, it meant they could hold off the rest. None of those Golems would be easy to disassemble with any one spell.”
“And that means you can all do the same. Easier, especially if one of the Golems is weaker…”
Ceria sat up, eyes shining. Illphres nodded calmly.
“We can do it. There is a possibility.”
“That makes me feel better. I was talking with Cognita—”
Slowly, Ceria explained her argument to Illphres. The mage rolled her eyes when Ceria was done.
“I heard about that. Levelling undead? I don’t see why everyone’s so upset. ”
“But—”
“It’s no different from anyone else leveling up. A half-Elf can live for centuries if they want, how’s that different from an undead? It sounds like it would be hard to make more than one or two. If they get out of hand you can destroy them. The real reason you’re upset is because you hate necromancy.”
Ceria bit her lip and made no reply. Illphres sighed.
“Necromancy is magic. I don’t fear your friend. He reanimates the dead. I freeze people. And I hardly look better than the undead. You have seen beneath my mask. You know that.”
“It’s not the same.”
“No?”
Illphres raised an eyebrow.
“Magic is magic, and that boy Pisces was your friend, once. Does knowing he practices necromancy change all that?”
“Yes!”
“I suppose you weren’t good friends, then. Enough.”
Illphres waved away Ceria’s objections and levitated the book in her hands over to the half-Elf.
“Study the [Glacial Spear] spell. I want you to make at least some progress before the challenge day.”
“I’d learn more if you let me keep the book! Or made me a copy!”
Ceria complained as she bent over the pages of tightly-written text. Illphres laughed sardonically.
“Copy the book? I don’t know how to write magical spells down. That’s a specialist class, [Magical Scribe] or some such. And it would take a Level 40 one to write that spell down.”
“Really?”
Ceria looked up with a frown. Illphres nodded. She began lecturing as Ceria listened with one ear and read with both her eyes.
“Spellbooks are rare because they can’t be copied without extensive study by a powerful mage, or a class with similar Skills. And scribing a spell is only possible for someone of an equal or higher level than the spell itself. So a Tier 4 spells might be rare but findable in a given collection of spellbooks, but Tier 6 would be extremely difficult to locate. And Tier 8—”
“How would anyone learn the spells, then?”
“By piecing together clues left by other mages, following instructions in languages other than magic to come up with it. Or by leveling and obtaining it or coming up with such a spell themselves.”
“So this spellbook—”
“Is mine.”
“Can you let me borrow—”
“No.”
 
—-
 
Two weeks was too long and too short for Ceria. She went through each day emotionally and mentally exhausted, and tossed and turned each night with nervous, physical energy.
