Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 2
The oval library with the staircase was one of a multitude of libraries in Wistram. Most contained books, as befitted libraries, but some were dedicated to one subject, or all comprised of books from a certain era. One library had a pool of water in it, and all the books were waterproofed to let mages read and bathe.
Wistram was very odd. But this library was fairly normal, as libraries went. The room was indeed ovoid, and a central staircase led up to four walkways around the room where shelves of books sat side by side.
Ceria had never seen so many books before coming here. This place alone easily held a fortune in old, sometimes cracking books of dust and ink. She coughed and Pisces sneezed as they walked into the room.
“Rot. Golems haven’t dusted in here for a while.”
Pisces nodded. Eyes watering he sniffed and pointed.
“Too many…books. Ah, but look. You can see someone’s been here.”
Indeed, Ceria could see places where the dust had been disturbed. She and Pisces made their way up the staircase, following the cleared areas and found themselves on the second level, staring at a wall of books.
“Is there some kind of mechanism here? Some activated spell?”
“I think so. But let me see…hey, these are all real books!”
Pisces pulled a few tomes out of the shelves. Ceria stared at them. It looked like this entire shelf was dedicated to Human history. She spied different genealogies, historical accounts, and personal bibliographies, all from Human kingdoms she’d never heard of before. She frowned at Pisces as he flipped open a book and stared at the writing inside.
“They’re real, yes. So what?”
“Well, apparently if you do this—”
Pisces pulled one of the books from the shelves and switched it with another book higher up. The instant the two books had been pushed into place, the entire bookshelf suddenly faded. Ceria gasped, and Pieces whistled quietly.
“Truly impressive. They’re books that were all spelled with the same enchantment.”
He waved a hand, letting it pass straight through the bookshelf. Ceria stared through the intangible books. There was a tunnel in the wall, one that leads straight into another room.
“A second library?”
“Yes. That’s where we’ll find the spellbook.”
The two students stepped into the secret tunnel cautiously. Ceria gasped as she looked around the circular room occupied by a shelf full of books, and of all things, a bed and dresser! There was a small table and mirror which were both covered with dust.
Pisces sneezed and raised a small cloud of dust, and Ceria coughed and wiped at her eyes.
“Dead gods. Is this some secret bedroom?”
“Looks like it.”
“Who’d make a secret passageway into a library of all places?”
“Someone who values their privacy?”
Pisces sidled away as Ceria kicked at him.
“Or someone who likes books. Or…”
“Or?”
He nodded towards the passageway that led back to the main part of the library.
“Or perhaps this library was ideal for whomever lived here. Most of the books seem to be largely historical in this section. Few people would bother to peruse the stacks. So whoever lived here might have constructed this hiding place in a time when the mages of Wistram were less…amiable towards each other than they are now.”
Ceria shivered at that thought. She imagined mages fighting each other, sneaking about in hidden passages like this.
“You’ve got a twisted imagination Pisces, you know that, right?”
He shrugged self-consciously.
“I prefer to think of myself as pragmatic. Now…my plan should be working as we speak. We just need to find the book.”
“Shouldn’t be too hard.”
Ceria walked over to the bookshelf.
