Wistram Days (Pt. 4)
Page 34
 
“It really wasn’t your fault, Ceria.”
Beatrice said that as they sat together in Ceria’s room. It was hard to fit everyone in. Besides Pisces, Beatrice, and Calvaron, some of their friends and people they’d gotten to know had come, like Cessic, to cheer Ceria up.
The room was crowded, especially with Calvaron in it. He kept turning and finding nowhere to go. Now he stomped one hoof angrily.
“It was that bastard Charles! I wouldn’t have believed he would try anything—the Libertarians have really done it now! There’s a row happening and I’ll protest what he did to the Council.”
“I will too. But the mages won’t redo the test, Calvaron.”
The Centaur deflated slightly.
“No. They won’t. I’m sorry, Ceria. But they saw you during the first part, and you did really well.”
“Yes, you did. And I’m sure they’ll take note.”
Ceria tried to smile, and failed. She looked at Pisces. He was avoiding her gaze, toying awkwardly with the rapier in his hands.
“I hear you carried me all the way to the end. Thank you, Pisces.”
“And he set a record doing it! Dead gods, I heard about it! Some mages are using a [Mind Scene] spell to show others—Pisces was dodging traps left and right! He barely got touched by any! He’ll be sure to pass—”
Calvaron broke off, awkwardly. All the other students in the room fell silent, but Ceria already knew the truth. She looked at Pisces.
“Thank you. I’m glad you did it. And I’m glad you’ll pass. You deserve—you deserve to be here.”
Ceria choked on the words. She felt like someone was tearing out her guts. Beatrice patted her softly on the shoulder.
“You don’t know you failed. You did as well as anyone else. Better, in many parts.”
But Ceria knew it was over. She knew it in her heart. She bore with the words of comfort and vows against Charles and the Libertarian party as long as she could, and then excused herself. Beatrice and Pisces offered to go with her, but Calvaron managed to get them to leave Ceria alone, which she was grateful for.
All she wanted to be was alone. She’d failed. Her big chance had been right in front of her—
And she’d failed.
Ceria stumbled down the corridors of Wistram, deserted except for the occasional golem or older mage. All the students were celebrating or commiserating with one another. She used one cold stone wall for support as she wandering aimlessly.
It wasn’t fair. Part of Ceria was raging. She wanted to kill Charles for attacking her. But why hadn’t she been ready? Why hadn’t she guessed he’d do something like this and taken precautions? She could have learned a barrier spell, or watched her back—
“Stupid!”
Ceria pounded her fist into a wall. She hit it again and again until her knuckles bled, but it didn’t help. Ceria walked on, full of despair. She wiped at her eyes and saw her tears mix with the blood.
She wondered if she could ask Pisces for the spellbook when she left. Maybe he’d let her take it. That way, at least she wouldn’t have done all this for nothing.
It was cold. Ceria shivered, and then looked up. She looked at a wall of ice, uncomprehending, until she stared about and realized where she was. Her path had taken her to the classrooms where they normally studied.
This was the classroom Illphres had blocked off.
“Get through if you’re a real mage and I’ll teach you, huh?”
Ceria spat bitterly and raised her fist to punch the icy wall. But it would just freeze her skin and probably tear it off. She glared at the icy wall.
It wasn’t that cold. It was just ice, but Illphres had made it impossible to break or melt. It was an unfair test, just like the rest of Wistram.
