Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 12
“It’s a matter of history. The class does exist, and he and the other [Archmages] who ruled Wistram at the time all had them. But Archmage Zelkyr was the best. He was a Drake – famous, you know, for being able to damage one of the Walled Cities’ walls. But he was more famous for his ability to create Golems.”
“Cognita.”
Beatrice said it quietly. Calvaron nodded.
“Her and an entire army of Golems. They eventually made it so that Zelkyr was in undisputed control of Wistram. He alone explored the higher reaches of the citadel, searching for ancient magics left behind by the greatest mages in Wistram’s history.”
“Higher up? You mean, there’s places not yet explored in Wistram?”
Calvaron nodded as if it were obvious.
“Of course. How many mages do you think lived in Wistram? The greatest of them—legends who could cast countless magics—all settled the highest floors. If you go exploring higher and higher you’ll run across their creations, spells, and maybe their rooms. But imagine the amount of traps and dangerous spells up there! Just trying to break into a former mage’s room is deadly.”
“But Zelkyr had the monopoly on that, right?”
Ceria was beginning to understand what had happened, and why the upper floors were off limits now.
“He did indeed. Zelkyr ordered his Golems to guard the entrances to the upper levels and seal it off so only he could learn from the mages above. Of course, the other mages didn’t accept that and there was a huge battle. But in the end his surviving Truestone Construct—Cognita—imposed a new order on the surviving mages. They could live and study in Wistram, but the upper levels were for Zelkyr and the few he trusted alone.”
“Hence their current inaccessible state?”
“Exactly.”
Calvaron pointed a finger at Pisces as he stole a grape from Beatrice’s plate. She jabbed him with a gauntleted finger.
“Gah! Damn it Beatrice, it hurts when you do that!”
“Then don’t steal. Yes, Pisces, the upper levels are closed. The top three are only off limits for new mages, but after that—there is a door. Cognita and many golems guard it. It leads further up.”
“Okay, but why hasn’t anyone gotten Cognita to open it? Zelkyr is dead, right?”
“I’m getting to that! Hold on!”
Calvaron took a long drink, enjoying making Ceria and Pisces wait.
“One day, Cognita came down from the upper floors and announced that Archmage Zelkyr was dead. Ever since then, she and the other Golems have been maintaining Wistram. They still fulfill his orders by helping us, taking care of the academy, fighting off intruders and so forth, but his other order still stands. No one may venture above. So while Wistram is safe—”
“The higher magics are off-limits?”
Pisces looked dismayed at the thought. Calvaron waggled a finger at him.
“Just the ones that belonged to the greats. There’s plenty of mages here capable of casting Tier 5 spells, or even Tier 6. But higher than that…? You’ll have to get past Cognita first, and that’s pretty much impossible. If you challenge her, you’ll be fighting her and Zelkyr’s best creations.”
Beatrice’s armor shuddered a bit and she turned the corners of her mouth down.
“Golems. Scary.”
Ceria thought that was ironic coming from a Dullahan, but she had to admit that for all Beatrice was a disembodied head and a body covered in light metal armor, she was clearly alive. Cognita and the other Golems were not. There was an important distinction there.
“So Cognita’s not just a nice, friendly Golem?”
Calvaron snorted.
