Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 1
“We can break the rules—if we’re not caught. They’re expecting us to.”
“Oh. Right.”
Ceria thought about that and nodded.
“Makes sense. Okay, let’s get in there. Why couldn’t you have just said that from the start? You always use too many complicated words!”
“But I like complicated words.”
Pisces muttered as he and Ceria snuck down the empty side-corridor. She knew he was right, at least in a sense. It didn’t seem like Wistram had many totally absolute rules. But still, she had to point out a flaw in his reasoning.
“The problem isn’t whether we’ll be caught by other mages and get punished. It’s whether anyone sees us and sells someone else the secret that we were sneaking about right before a spellbook got stolen.”
“Ah yes. Secrets. That would be problematic.”
Behind Ceria, Pisces grimaced. Here in Wistram everyone’s actions and words were carefully noted by people around them, to be used and traded like currency. Secrets were the lifeblood of the mages here, and it meant their presence in this part of the academy would be noted by anyone they met.
Ceria peeked around an intersection and then moved down it when she saw no one was there. She glanced up at a painting on the wall—some relief showing a bunch of adventurers battling a Goblin Lord. That meant they were close.
“You’re sure the other students aren’t going to try and grab the book tonight?”
“They said they were going to talk to another mage who specialized in dispelling wards. I think we’re safe. The magic killed or nearly killed one of their friends. I don’t think they’ll be too eager to try again without preparation.”
Ceria stopped. She turned to look at Pisces. He was nervous, but his pale face also looked excited. She was less sanguine.
“One of them got killed? Are you sure this plan of yours will work?”
He hesitated.
“Fairly. I believe there will be no risk to either one of us, even if it fails. The only thing we have to fear is being seen.”
The half-Elf shook her head.
“I wish you’d explain.”
“Too many ears back in the banquet hall. And I’m still not sure the older students don’t place eavesdropping spells in the hallways. I can tell you now if you want, but it’s faster this way.”
“Tell me later, then. We’re close.”
The two moved onwards. Ceria knew her footsteps were almost inaudible, but Pisces shuffled around a bit in his cheap robes. Still, she didn’t expect anyone but another half-Elf or a species with good hearing to pick up on the faint sounds.
“How did you know what they were saying, anyways? Do you know a listening spell?”
She had to ask. Pisces hesitated. When he spoke quietly, his voice seemed uncertain.
“Something…similar. Suffice it to say I heard every word they spoke. Now…is this it?”
They’d reached a pair of double doors, set right next to a diagonal intersection of three corridors. Ceria stared at the doors and then at the way the wall ended a few feet ahead of the doors. Architecture and the laws of space didn’t seem to matter in this place.
“This is it. Keep an eye out and make sure no one’s coming.”
Pisces nodded and looked around while Ceria put her ear to the door. She knew the room beyond the doors was large, but she listened hard for any sounds of people moving about. After a minute she’d still heard not a sound. Satisfied the room was probably empty, Ceria opened the door and she and Pisces slipped inside.
