Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 3
Calvaron smiled smugly, causing Ceria to flick her fingers and spray a cloud of snow in his face. He yelped as the freezing snowflakes melted on his fur.
“Aah! That’s the Ceria I know and love!”
She had to laugh at that. Ceria eyed Calvaron as she finished her food. He really hadn’t changed much. And yet, she knew he had taken his own steps towards becoming a mage over the year.
“How’s your own work going, Calvaron? You’re in your sixth year, now. One more and you’ll be able to call yourself a mage. Excited?”
“Hah. Terrified is more like. I’m practicing my tail off for the exam, but really, I’m more worried about collecting secrets and coin right now.”
Calvaron flicked his fingers, making the water on his face and arms vanish in a puff.
“Being a mage means I’ll really get embroiled in faction politics. I want the coin and secrets to, well, keep doing as I’ve done. I figure that without classes, I’ll be able to establish myself as a really influential broker between all the sides in Wistram.”
“Or you could take one and keep studying instead.”
Beatrice turned her head to frown at Calvaron. He avoided her gaze and Ceria sighed. She knew he and Beatrice had been fighting about his future. Calvaron was content to earn a living and continue being the affable Centaur everyone went to when they wanted to sell or buy things, but Beatrice wanted him to join her faction, the Revivalists.
It was an argument Ceria wanted no part of, so she sat back as Calvaron cleared his throat awkwardly.
“I’m…not interested in their goals, you know that, Beatrice. I support some of their agendas, but other things they say—I can’t. Anyways, I need to be neutral. You know that.”
She said nothing, just narrowed her eyes. To break the tension, Mons turned brightly to Ceria.
“So, um, Ceria. How are things between you and Pisces? Have you seen him around?”
The mood at the table—froze. Beatrice turned the head in her hands to stare at Mons and the girl flinched. Calvaron covered his face with his hand and Ceria stopped eating.
“I haven’t seen him around recently.”
“Neither have I. I suppose he’s studying quite a lot. But you know, that’s how it is. We’re so busy studying—Ceria, how are lessons with Illphres going? Does she expect as much from you as you do from your students?”
Mons ignored Calvaron’s desperate attempt to shift the conversation. She stared at Ceria.
“I spoke with him the other day. He was teaching me about how to use the [Flame Arrow] spell more effectively.”
“Oh?”
Ceria looked at Mons, surprised.
“You still…keep in touch with him?”
“I see him at least once or twice a week. He’s busy—studying—a lot, but he could use some visitors. I think it might be good if you talked with him.”
Mons met Ceria’s eyes squarely. The half-Elf didn’t know what to say. Across the table, Calvaron fiddled with his fork and Beatrice turned her head back to her spellbook without a word.
“I’ll—think about it.”
That was all Ceria could come up with. Mons nodded, and the table fell into a deep silence.
Even after a year, there was one word, one name that couldn’t be spoken aloud.
Pisces.
Ceria closed her eyes and pushed her plate back a bit, no longer hungry anymore. Even now, after so many months—
It still hurt. It still made her stomach churn.
Pisces was a [Necromancer].
The entire academy knew about it, now. The new students learned this fact within days of arriving. There was a necromancer studying among them. A twisted, deranged madman who experimented with the dead.
