Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 7
“You know, I’ve been meaning to speak with you, Ceria. There’s something I’d like to show you later.”
“Really? What?”
“A secret. A big one. Remember when we found the spellbook last year? Well—”
Pisces broke off and Ceria felt the ward around them vanish. He raised his voice and called out.
“Mons! Ah, good. We were just coming to see you.”
She hurried towards him, smiling widely, holding a stack of books in her arms. Ceria greeted Montressa and in a moment they were in her rooms.
Montressa had been given a large room—probably because her family had bought her way into Wistram. Ceria and Pisces sat at a wonderful table inlaid with ivory while they chatted in between periods of study.
“Did you go to Illphres again, Ceria? I can’t believe you stand outside her door every day!”
“It’s a habit. I think I’m getting to her—she’s started waking up earlier to try and avoid me.”
“I don’t see why she doesn’t turn you to ice. Everyone says she has a temper. She’s so scary!”
“Like I said, she likes me. And—uh, I think she might get in trouble if she does it. I hear she did it once and got in a lot of trouble with the Council. So I’m…probably…safe.”
“How many days has it been, Springwalker? Fifty six?”
“Yup. And I told you, stop calling me Springwalker, Pisces.”
He shrugged.
“As you wish. However, I must inquire. Isn’t there another mage with suitable qualifications that might serve as a master instead of Illphres?”
“There are. But they all already have apprentices or they’re like Illphres. I want a master who can teach me one-on-one, you know?”
Pisces and Montressa nodded. He frowned, tapping his fingers thoughtfully on the table.
“I support your efforts, but it would be prudent to have a fallback plan. Illphres is…”
“I know. If I can’t persuade her by the end of the year I’ll give up. Frankly, I hope I can get her to give in before that or passing the yearly tests is going to be tough.”
“Yearly tests? No one told me about yearly tests! I thought there were only the entrance exams for new students!”
Montressa sat up, looking alarmed. Pisces chuckled and waved a hand.
“You need not worry, Mons. You see, the yearly tests only apply to second-year students and beyond. And they’re not so much tests as…qualification exams.”
“That’s a test, Pisces.”
Ceria sighed and rubbed her head as she closed her spellbook. She tried to explain to Mons.
“You see, at the end of the year all mages have to prove they’ve learned something while studying at Wistram. It can be anything from a spell they’ve learned to reciting something they’ve studied or presenting something they’ve made—it’s just to prove they’re worth keeping. Otherwise the mage might be forced to pay to stay—it can be only a bit for food and lodging, or a lot if the mage is a lazy waste of space like Charles de Trevalier.”
“Oh, I see.”
“Ceria doesn’t really need to worry that much, in truth, Mons. Second-year students don’t get tested nearly as harshly as older students like Calvaron and Beatrice.”
“That’s rich, coming from the mage who mastered [Invisibility] in one month.”
“Ah, well, all the better to spy with you see?”
“Just so long as you’re not caught peeping in any of the female student’s rooms, Pisces. I’ve heard some of them have learned anti-invisibility spells already.”
Pisces drew himself up indignantly.
“I would never stoop to such behavior! If you want to accuse anyone of voyeurism, try Quesm. You don’t think he’s taking scrying classes for purely academic reasons, do you?”
