Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 8
“Age is immaterial! My point is that she was an Archmage, someone who represented Wistram. Should she be condemned? No—more broadly speaking, can any group of mages be condemned for the actions of a few? I put to you, what about the actions of the infamous Burning Killer, Calico, who was just caught and executed in Chandrar? Do his actions define mages as a whole? Should we look askance at every [Pyromancer] because of him? Let me ask to you this question—”
As she watched, Ceria knew Pisces would lose. His arguments were sound, but he had lost his audience, probably before the debate had begun. When they voted, the group of students chosen to listen to the debate all voted unanimously. Pisces had lost, and so the winner collected his spoils—a small bag that might have had coin or something else—and walked away without another word.
The students dispersed, leaving Pisces to stare murderously at the ground. Ceria approached half-unwillingly. She hesitated before she spoke, but she did speak.
“I hope you didn’t bet anything valuable on that debate.”
Pisces’ head jerked up. He stared at Ceria in disbelief.
“Ceria?”
She met his gaze levelly. The shock faded and Pisces’ expression returned to normal. Now it was a bitter scowl and a sardonic crook of the mouth that was supposed to be a smile. He turned away from her, brushing at his robes.
“Ah, you mean the debate? I wagered nothing of consequence, I assure you. I am…used to the bias of the masses even when presented with the most rational of arguments.”
“So I see. Why bother debating at all, then?”
He glanced back at her haughtily.
“I suppose it is to prove that I have a voice, and perhaps to sway opinions. They are bound under a truth spell to vote for whomever presents the best case, you know.”
“But they hate necromancy.”
“Not all! I have had a few vote in my favor—”
Pisces paused. He sniffed again, and frowned at Ceria.
“Not that it matters. Why, pray tell, have you sought me out?”
“I didn’t. I was just walking and saw a debate was going on.”
“I see.”
The two stared at each other. Ceria shifted from foot to foot as Pisces stared over her shoulder. It was…so hard to see him like this. At last, Ceria sighed.
“I talked to Mons a while ago. She says she studies with you.”
“Mons? Ah—she does. She hires me on occasion to provide her with instruction.”
“That’s good. For you, I mean.”
“Yes, it does…help.”
More silence. After a moment, Pisces cleared his throat.
“You know, I am studying combat magic in my spare time.”
“Really? I thought you gave up dueling.”
“Ah, yes, well, I cannot seem to find a match. I have no desire to duel practiced mages and I seem to be boycotted by all other students—but I am attempting to refine what spells I know. Mons claims to have benefitted greatly from practicing with me.”
Ceria tried to smile, but all she did was lift the corners of her mouth.
“That’s great, Pisces.”
“Indeed. You are—you would be welcome to join us if you had the time. I realize you may be somewhat preoccupied with your classes, but…”
Part of her wanted to say yes, but she couldn’t. Slowly, Ceria shook her head.
“I don’t think we’re friends anymore, Pisces.”
He looked her in the eyes then. She saw hurt and pain in his, but Pisces didn’t say what was clearly on the tip of his tongue. He was about to, but bit back the words. Then his eyes focused on Ceria’s again.
“In that case, are we enemies?”
He stared at her, searching for something, eyes gaunt and bloodshot, his robes dirty. Ceria felt a pang in her heart and glared at him.
“Don’t be stupid.”
