Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 11
Calvaron’s eyes sharpened, and the Centaur leaned forwards. Ceria saw Beatrice’s hands move; the Dullahan’s head whispered something and Ceria felt magic around the four of them. Some other students looked around, but most seemed used to what was going on.
It was an exchange of secrets. Calvaron and Pisces spoke to each other, but Ceria only saw a blur around their mouths and heard nothing. The Centaur had pulled a small crystal out of a belt pouch; it glowed bright red as Pisces spoke. The Centaur nodded, and in the next moment the bubble of silence dissipated.
“Well, I’d say that qualifies. How did you find out?”
Pisces smiled enigmatically at the Centaur.
“Secrets for secrets. To learn my method, you’d have to pay quite a lot, my dear Calvaron.”
“I suppose I deserved that.”
Ceria was dying to know what Pisces had told Calvaron—it could be just pointless information, but how had Pisces found out? She knew she wouldn’t get an answer from the Centaur though, so she pointed at the gem that the Centaur was putting back into the pouch at his waist.
“Is your truth crystal broken? It glowed red when Pisces spoke.”
He shook his head, grinning.
“Nope. It’s a little trick. Most truth spells glow green or blue or white when someone tells the truth, right? I’ve enchanted mine to do the opposite. Sometimes you can throw someone off with it.”
Pisces nodded as if this was perfectly sensible, but Ceria just rolled her eyes again.
“Everything in Wistram seems like a trick or mind game.”
“That’s just because you’re new. You’ll get used to it quick enough. Now, I believe I owe you some history?”
All four students took the moment to refill their plates. Ceria took some cold cubes of ice and splashed them into a sweet drink of fruit, delighted at the luxury of it. She sipped at her drink as Calvaron began speaking.
“I suppose you know Wistram has been around for thousands of years. It was founded oh, way back, when a lot of nations were at war and mages wanted a place to learn and teach in peace. Well, Wistram may have gained and lost power over the years, but it’s always been independent. No nation controls us—we have an army of our own here and only a truly grand fleet could make it to our shores with weather spells raised against them.”
“Not to mention Wistram provides many services.”
Beatrice put that in. Calvaron nodded proudly.
“We do provide the best spells and mages. You can trust a Wistram-certified enchantment. And we can enchant weaponry and other artifacts as well. We do a booming trade with adventurers who want better gear or to have something analyzed—”
“Yes, yes. Wistram is great. That’s why we came here.”
Ceria cut in, impatient to get to the good part.
“What does this all have to do with factions? From what I’ve heard, they didn’t always exist.”
“No, Miss Busy half-Elf, they didn’t. And if you’d let me explain, you’d know that a few centuries ago, mages competed in Wistram quite fiercely. It was every mage for himself and they formed their own groups—but there was no faction. Instead, powerful mages attracted people to them. One of them was Archmage Zelkyr. Mind you, he wasn’t just an Archmage, but an actual [Archmage].”
“He obtained the class?”
Pisces’ eyes were shining, and Ceria scooted forwards on her seat. Calvaron nodded, looking just as excited by the idea.
