Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 12
Pisces shrugged. He fidgeted on his bed as he faced her—he seemed barely able to believe she was here, talking to him.
Ceria had no idea why she was talking to Pisces either. She was so shaken by what she’d just learned she had to speak to someone. And she had unconsciously come here. Now that she was actually facing Pisces, though, she didn’t know what to say.
“Well. It’s been a while since I last came here.”
“Yes. It has.”
Pisces cleared his throat awkwardly.
“You look well.”
“You look—awful, frankly.”
He blinked, and then smiled at that. Ceria grinned shakily at him. Pisces looked around his dingy room.
“Yes, well, my circumstances have changed quite a lot since—before. My fortunes have fallen, so to speak.”
“Tell me about it.”
He sniffed.
“I hardly think you can make the same comparison, given—”
“No, I mean, tell me about it.”
He paused. Ceria looked at him.
“Tell me, Pisces. Tell me everything. And tell me why. And maybe—”
She didn’t say the rest. But slowly, Pisces relaxed his hunched posture. He straightened his back, and looked at Ceria like he used to.
“Well, if you insist…”
 
—-
 
“Will you challenge them all at once?”
“We have to. The Golems fight together. Cognita will be there—and four others.”
Ceria stood with Illphres by the ocean, aiming at targets as the sun came up. Across the rocks, Bastam, Jurix, Ophelia and Qum were all doing the same.
She was a part of their group now. Not the same—she was the only apprentice and student among them—but they had no other confidants, no other apprentices to tell. Ceria knew, and this secret was one she’d never reveal.
“It might not matter if you do. But others would try and stop us or get in the way, or make it political. We’re doing this to end politics and factions once and for all.”
Illphres aimed at a target, an ice pillar three hundred meters away, the ice tinted red, and shattered it with a single spear of ice. Ceria nodded as she took aim at her own target.
“But I mean, why five of you? Is it because there will be five Golems, including Cognita? Is there a rule of some kind?”
“Rule? No.”
Illphres snorted as she raised more targets out of the sea.
“There’s no rule—other than that if you try, the test doesn’t end until you’re dead or the Golems are destroyed. We could attack them in the hallways if we weren’t afraid of all the Golems joining in. And every mage in Wistram could take on the challenge if they wanted to.”
“They why don’t they? Why only you five? If you got five more mages, surely—”
“They won’t try. They’re afraid of dying. Cowards.”
Illphres said it shortly. She shot a flurry of [Glacial Spears] out, shattering a dozen targets at once.
“They are afraid, and content to live like they have. Not us, though. All of us—the Isolationists who aren’t afraid to risk our lives and Ophelia and Qum—we see that mages cannot live like this. We want to grow, not die old at this level. We want to be true mages.”
“True mages.”
The word floated in the air between them. Ceria stared across the ocean and tried to imagine what lay beyond the door. But she couldn’t imagine the door itself.
“I’ve never seen the Golems. You said there are four of them, not counting Cognita?”
Illphres turned.
“Would you like to see?”
 
—-
 
The door was stone. Not just any stone, but obsidian, shining and dark as night. Ceria could see it was warded as well. Across the room, it shone with a thousand sigils and runes, twining together to form the most powerful ward she could imagine.
