Wistram Days (Pt. 7)
Page 5
“I would advise you to stop them. If I thought they would listen. Cognita is—an unknown quantity. I believe she is more than a match for any of the Archmages of today by herself.”
“Yeah. She probably is.”
Ceria hugged her knees to her chest and rocked back and forth a bit. She nodded and then shook her head.
“But they’re going to do it. Illphres is going to fight. I can’t stop her. I wouldn’t dare try. She has to do this, don’t you see, Pisces? If we can’t go above, we can’t be true mages. Wistram is stagnant. We don’t have real Archmages, just fakes! Don’t you see—”
“I know.”
Pisces cut her off shortly. Ceria looked and saw he was staring at his feet as he sat on her bed.
“I know. Wistram is decaying. Magic is not as powerful as it was before Zelkyr. Powerful, yes, and one could argue there are more mages being produced by the academy as a result of the Golem’s presence, but—I know. And I believe Cognita knows this too.”
“She does?”
“We have spoken about it. On occasion.”
Ceria grabbed for Pisces. He jerked, but she yanked at his dirty robes. Part of his shoulder and chest became exposed as he fought to loosen her deathgrip.
“Ceria—”
“Don’t warn her. I mean, she knows, but don’t tell her anything. She’s—”
“I won’t. It wouldn’t matter if I did. Cognita wouldn’t cheat. She’s waiting for a mage to—Ceria, please. I won’t tell anyone.”
Slowly, Ceria let go. Pisces adjusted his robes and the two fell into silence. After a few minutes, Pisces spoke again.
“Thank you for telling me. I won’t reveal a thing. I promise.”
“Thank you.”
“And I hope—I most sincerely hope Illphres and the others defeat Cognita. I would like you to know that, Ceria.”
“I do.”
They stared at each other. It had been a long time since Ceria really met Pisces’ eyes. He looked older, she realized. In a few short years he’d grown older, from a late teenager into a young man. Older, more tired, more bitter.
But still him.
Pisces looked away first. He stood up, brushing himself off and then realizing he was in Ceria’s room and stopping.
“I’ve got to go. I’ll leave you to—we can talk later, Ceria.”
He began to leave but stopped. Ceria was holding on to the back of his robe.
“Don’t go.”
He looked back at her, eyes wide. Ceria stared at him. Slowly, Pisces sat back down.
“The door’s open.”
“Yes.”
Ceria said it without really caring. She and Pisces sat together with the open doorway leading out into the corridor. Part of her told her she was an idiot for blurting out all those secrets, but Ceria knew few people ventured down this hallway, especially at night.
She didn’t stand up to close the door. And neither did Pisces. Eventually, the door did get closed, by magic. But no one left the room until the next morning.
 
—-
 
The day of the challenge Ceria couldn’t eat. Everything leading up to this day seemed like a brief dream, something someone else had experienced. But what was worse was the day itself.
It was too normal. It was too quiet. It was too—
Peaceful.
It wasn’t a holiday. Classes went on like normal, and mages gathered in the corridors, gossiping. They ate in the banquet halls, and walked about as if they had not a care in the world.
Ceria skipped all her classes. She’d skipped the last eight days in truth, spending all her time with Illphres and the other mages. Now she ate breakfast with them, or rather, watched them eat with her stomach trying to shove itself back out her mouth.
“Eat something, Ceria. We can’t have you fainting when we walk out of there.”
Jurix pressed an apple into Ceria’s hand. She looked at it and turned green. He snatched it away.
