Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 10
Pisces nodded. He straightened in his chair importantly as he explained.
“It’s a new spell Ceria and I developed. It helps us communicate at range and no one’s been able to decipher the messages.”
“So far.”
Beatrice studied the glowing message carefully. Pisces smiled confidently at her.
“I am sure no one will be able to break this spell. It is many times more complex than any [Message] spell you could ever devise, and it can be used up to several miles away.”
“Handy. Will you teach us how to use it?”
“Maybe…but only if you stop trying to dissuade Ceria and I. Our minds are made up.”
Calvaron threw up his hands in disgust.
“It’s your funeral.”
 
—-
 
Two weeks later, Illphres found herself sitting alone at a table in the banquet hall. That was unusual for her, and she couldn’t help feeling something was wrong. Only when she understood that it was because she was used to having Ceria talking to her and pestering her did Illphres realize what she was unconsciously missing.
She passed a hand over her face and let her features change into a scowl. The half-Elf was gone on her adventure chasing pirates, and good riddance. She was far too annoying anyways, and now Illphres could concentrate.
That didn’t improve her mood though, and neither did the tall Dullahan who pulled a chair up at the table with her. He was named Jurix, and he was part of her faction, the Isolationists. That didn’t stop her from glaring daggers at him.
Jurix raised his hands as he placed his head on the table across from her. Two plates of food and a cup floated down next to it. He ignored Illphres’ glare that told him to leave and began to talk to her, quite unperturbed. He was too cheerful for a Dullahan, which contrasted well with Illphres.
“Stop glaring, Illphres. We’re on the same side here. Or are you missing that half-Elf that kept following you around all the time?”
“I’m not missing her and she was a pest. What do you want, Jurix?”
“Nothing. I’m just here to tell you that Ophelia is on board. Totally.”
“Really?”
Illphres passed a hand over her mouth, and she was smiling when she lowered it. This was good news. Jurix nodded, pausing to smile as he fed himself with a hovering spoon.
“That’s right. We’ve got four now; if we can get one more mage on our side I think we’ll have a shot.”
“I’ll talk to Amerys again.”
“Try not to start a fight?”
“No promises.”
Illphres, changed her features to a grin as she covered her mouth. She could have done it without covering her face; Jurix knew her secret. But she had grown used to doing it this way. She was about to ask Jurix what had changed Ophelia’s mind when someone began shouting a few tables over.
“What’s this now?”
Jurix frowned and picked up his head so he could see. Illphres turned and saw one of the mages shouting in panic as he raced into the room.
“It was a trap! They’re under attack!”
“Who are?”
Someone shouted, and Illphres looked towards the entrances to the banquet hall. She was expecting another loose experiment, or perhaps some of the undead from the catacombs under Wistram, but it seemed the issue didn’t lie within Wistram, but outside of it.
“The students! The hunting expedition we sent—it’s been ambushed! I just received a [Message] spell—there’s a fleet of nine ships attacking them! It’s not just a few isolated ships—it’s an entire armada!”
The banquet hall erupted into shouts at this news. Jurix turned to Illphres. Her expression hadn’t changed, but her eyes had locked onto the mage who had spoken.
“Isn’t that half-Elf with…?”
“Quiet.”
