Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 0

The stone halls were dark at night in Wistram. True, the mage-lights provided decent illumination, but the magics that controlled them dimmed the intensity of light that each floating orb of light or eternally burning torch gave off.
Many mages didn’t care to wander outside of the thick walls that made up the citadel that was Wistram academy. Thus, this change in ambient light was the only clue some had that it was time to sleep. In parts of the citadel where there were no windows, mages could wander for hours without ever seeing the sun.
“I hear it’s dimensional magic. Very complex stuff. I wonder how big Wistram really is. Has anyone ever tried to measure it from the inside and compared it to the outside?”
“Shut up!”
Most mages preferred to walk the halls at night with orbs created by the [Light] spell. However, the two new students who crept from shadow to shadow used no magic now. They were trying to be quiet.
And failing.
“I’m just saying, who created this place? It had to be an [Archmage], but how many additions were made over the years?”
“Pisces, for the love of leaves, shut up!”
The half-Elf in front snapped at the young man creeping along behind her. Pisces closed his mouth, and she prayed he’d keep quiet.
“Are you sure we’re going the right way? I thought we should have gone left back there.”
Ceria hissed with annoyance and straightened up. She paused in the shadows between two globes of light and looked around to make sure no one was walking down the corridors.
There wasn’t anyone. They were safe. Mages did like to stay up at odd hours, it was true, but this wasn’t a particularly well-travelled part of the academy in the day. Most students up this late would be drinking or having a party elsewhere. As for the mages, they’d be studying books, or doing the same thing as the students.
Still, Ceria lowered her voice as she spoke to Pisces.
“We’re trying to be stealthy here, don’t you get it? And the oval library with the staircase is this way, I’m sure of it!”
Pisces frowned, but Ceria knew her sense of direction was better than his. Wistram was confusing, but she’d gotten used to wandering around forests where every tree looked like the last one.
To his credit, Pisces kept his voice low, but he still kept chattering. Both he and she were nervous, and so he kept talking while she led them onwards.
“I don’t see why we’re hiding. It’s not as if we’re doing anything wrong.”
“We’re going to steal a book from other students. And we’re going to one of the restricted libraries to do it!”
“Well…it’s not their book.”
Ceria knew what she was doing might well get them kicked out of Wistram. But she was sick of sticking to the rules. She’d had to deal with Rievan, the rude, arrogant Human teacher who seemed to hate half-Elves, and Illphres, who had refused to teach them magic. She hated Wistram’s stupid secrets and the way everything was give and take around here.
And she was afraid she would fail the exam that was only a couple of weeks away. So Ceria had decided to break the rules and help Pisces steal the magical spellbook.
“They didn’t expressly forbid us from entering this section of the academy.”
Ceria frowned at Pisces.
“They told us this place was off-limits!”
“Ah. Yes. Well, I believe that may have been a warning rather than an inviolable rule. From all we’ve seen, I surmise that these restrictions are meant to test how we react to such impositions, not actually stop all of us.”
“What? Stop using complex words!”
Pisces paused. He chewed at his lip and rephrased his statement.
