Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 5
“Exactly, thank you Beatrice. Many mages don’t want to have to teach younger mages, so we have to persuade them. Sometimes it’s with services we can provide—I can get my master almost anything he needs thanks to my connections and Beatrice helps her master with his spells. But it’s all variable. Some mages like my master have multiple apprentices and teach them all, and others have only one like Beatrice’s.”
“And some don’t want apprentices. Like Illphres.”
“But if she doesn’t want one, then why—”
“Ah, well, only Ceria could tell you why anyone would be crazy enough to want Illphres as a teacher.”
Ceria raised her head from her spellbook and scowled at Calvaron.
“I think she’s an excellent mage, okay? And I want a master who knows actual combat magic. Illphres is the only mage I actually know, and I think I can convince her.”
Calvaron winked at Mons.
“There’s a running bet on. Fifty-to-one says Ceria doesn’t manage it by the end of the year. But she’s doing her best, and it’s been done before. Bothering the older mages constantly is a valid tactic.”
“So long as she doesn’t freeze Ceria’s ears off.”
“She wouldn’t do that, would she?”
Ceria just shrugged.
“She might. But I think she likes me.”
 
—-
 
The first month had passed in a blink of an eye, and the second was almost over as Ceria walked through the hallways of Wistram. She was looking for Pisces so they could get together and study after their class on enchantments. She passed by students and mages, nodding to some, smiling at others, wondering where Pisces had run off to.
This was Ceria’s life in her second year at Wistram. A lot had changed, but much had stayed the same. She still took classes, although they were harder, and she actively pestered Illphres every time she saw her. Being a second-year student only meant you studied more; a student was still a student and Ceria had already gotten used to classes and practicing spells day in and day out.
But one thing was different. Ceria found Pisces by following the excited voices. She heard a roar as she pushed her way through a crowd of students and saw Pisces, rapier in hand, pointing it at another young man who had both hands raised.
“My victory, Ramon.”
Pisces smiled at the third-year student. The other mage flushed bright red, but he reluctantly dropped the sword and wand in his hands.
“That was unfair! I never saw—”
“A victory’s a victory. Pay up.”
Pisces didn’t lower his rapier until Ramon tore a pouch from his belt and hurled it at him. The bag slowed in midair and Pisces snagged it. He sheathed his rapier with a flourish as the crowd began to break up. Ramon stomped away towards another group of Humans who glared at Ceria as she approached.
“Another duel? Dead gods, how many is that this week, Pisces? Six?”
“Eight, in fact. And you won’t believe how much I won this time. Six gold pieces and ten silver.”
Ceria whistled as she fell into step beside him. Pisces grinned widely as he added the coins to his bulging purse. He had come to this academy poor, but now he was rich in both coin and secrets.
“They must have been very certain they’d beat you this time. What did that Ramon fellow have? A wand?”
Pisces nodded.
“A dancing sword enchantment on one of the daggers and he had a wand with a frost spell attuned to it. He must have thought he could corner me with his sword, but he’s a poor fighter. It was a simple victory.”
“In that case, you’re paying for drinks tonight. Come on, I want to go over what we learned in class. Let’s go.”
Pisces frowned as he stowed his money pouch at his side.
