Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 3
“Ah—don’t touch any of them!”
Pisces cautioned Ceria as she reached for a book. She snatched her hand back.
“What? I thought the books were spelled against opening.”
All the spellbooks she’d heard of were warded against being read, but Pisces shook his head.
“The one we’re after apparently killed the student who tried to take it out. And we cannot be sure the other ones aren’t trapped in the same way.”
“Dead gods. Who’s so paranoid they’d use a spell like that?”
Ceria groused as she and Pisces studied the books on the shelf at a respectful distance. It wasn’t too hard, just difficult to see the covers with all the dust clinging to the books. Pisces suggested blowing it away with a spell, and after that it was much easier.
“I’m assuming this is a personal spellbook, right?”
“Correct. There should be no title on the spine. And if we use [Detect Magic]…aha! These two books seem to be the most powerful.”
Pisces pointed to two of the tomes. One was thick and it looked to Ceria’s untrained eye like the spell on it wasn’t that powerful. She guessed it was just a valuable book of some kind, warded against tearing or decay. But the other book shone in her vision, not brightly, but with an intensity that made it seem realer than the other books in the room.
“That’s the one. I’m sure of it.”
“I think so too. Now, what was your big plan? Pry it out with something? A pair of sticks, maybe?”
“Don’t be silly. The spell might activate! No, we just have to wait—”
“Hold it!”
Ceria held up one hand, suddenly alarmed. Her ears twitched and she put a finger to her lips. Pisces went still and Ceria crept back towards the entrance of the tunnel. She whispered to Pisces.
“I hear footsteps.”
They must have been loud, for her to hear them. Ceria held her breath as she realized someone was definitely coming towards this very library. She looked at Pisces, suddenly worried.
“The students?”
“No—I think it might be someone else. If it’s who I think it is—”
“Who?”
Pisces opened his mouth, but the door opened before he could tell Ceria. She flinched back into the tunnel, realizing too late that they’d left the transparent bookshelf! Anyone would be able to see something was odd in an instant.
But the being that walked through the doorway was no mage, and certainly no student come to take the spellbook. A tall, inhumanly perfect woman made of grey stone seemed to glide through the doorway. She was eight feet tall and the stone clothing she wore rippled as she walked, as if she was alive.
Cognita turned and stared around the room. Her eyes found Ceria, hiding behind the transparent bookshelf at once. The half-Elf jumped and shuddered, but Cognita just strode towards her with the same look of calm on her face as always.
“Ceria Springwalker. I hope you are having a good night?”
“What? Um, yes. Yes, I am. Cognita. Uh—”
Ceria stammered and took a step back as the Truestone Golem stopped in front of her. She was enormous. Ceria had no idea why she was here, but Pisces stepped forwards and Cognita’s head nodded fractionally.
“I have just received your note, student Pisces. May I ask what is the matter?”
The young man coughed and stood a bit straighter as Ceria’s head turned from him to Cognita rapidly.
“Yes, thank you Miss Cognita. I was hoping you could help me retrieve a book, you see. It’s warded with some kind of spell, but I would like to study it to advance my grasp of spellcraft.”
“I see.”
