Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 4
What could be more abhorrent? What could be more wrong? Necromancers had existed since the dawn of magic, but today they were shunned and feared. Famous examples among their kind had been used to haunt children’s dreams for generations, and the tale of Az’kerash, the horror that had brought death to two continents for over a century before being slain, still lurked in everyone’s memory.
Necromancy was evil. Few species could look into the rotting, dead eyes of a corpse and see anything but wrongness there. Perhaps the Selphid students sympathized with Pisces, and maybe there were those who quietly thought he did nothing wrong. But they were silent and the rest of the academy turned their backs on him.
Including Beatrice. The first time he had come to sit with them after his trial she’d nearly attacked him herself. Calvaron had—he hadn’t attacked Pisces, but neither could he look the young man in the eye. Ceria couldn’t either. Only Mons had stayed by Pisces’ side.
“Do that.”
The young woman nodded to Ceria, looking around the table seriously. She still trusted Pisces, still talked with him. Ceria could understand—but not condone.
He raised the dead. If she came to grips with that, he had still lied to her about who he was. She’d known him for over a year and he’d lied to her.
“Well, I think I’m ready for an after-breakfast dessert. Anyone want something?”
Calvaron heaved himself up and Beatrice caught at his arm.
“You’ll get fatter. Don’t eat.”
“Beatrice—”
“Actually, before you go Calvaron, I did have some business to discuss with you.”
Ceria interrupted the upcoming squabble. She saw Calvaron brighten as he looked at her and saw Beatrice’s smile of gratitude. Ceria tilted her head slightly as Calvaron sank back down.
“I’m always willing to help a friend out! What did you need, Ceria?”
“A ring or amulet with enchantments that resist ice and cold temperatures. I need good stuff, Calvaron. Not a shoddy spell, but one with the best binding available—something I could use if I had other enchanted items on me.”
Calvaron’s eyebrows raised.
“You need cold resistant magic? What, Illphres is too chilly for you?”
Ceria scowled at him.
“I need what I need, Calvaron. The question is, can you get it for me?”
He looked affronted.
“Of course I can! But it’ll be very expensive, you know that Ceria.”
“Price is no object. The highest-grade enchantments you can get, Calvaron, so long as they have no magical leakage. And I’ll need two of them.”
“Two? What for?”
Calvaron was alight with curiosity, but Ceria clamped her lips shut. She wagged a finger at him.
“Ask me no questions and I…won’t freeze your face off.”
“Ooh. I’m so tempted but—very well. I’ll ask around. You’re sure two? And you’re good for—alright, alright, I trust you! Talk to me in a week or two and I’ll let you know what I find. Okay?”
“Thanks, Calvaron.”
Ceria smiled and stood up. Beatrice looked surprised.
“Going so soon?”
“I’ve got to. Sorry. Illphres doesn’t have that much time and I have classes to prepare for—you know how it is.”
“Well then, stop by another time Ceria. You know where to find us!”
“Will do. See you Calvaron, Mons. Beatrice.”
Ceria waved and walked away. She levitated her plates into a wicker bin designed to hold them—a new addition to the banquet hall after the [Chefs] complained they were running out of dishes since students would pile them up ten feet into the air rather than send them into the kitchen—and walked out of the banquet hall.
