Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 18
“I know. I’ll trade you what I have. But I need more coin. So—this.”
Pisces fumbled for something at his side. Ceria saw him lift his rapier up. Calvaron froze as Pisces offered it to him.
“Would this be enough? If you sold it—it is worth a large sum to the right buyers. Is it enough?”
The rapier trembled in his hands, and the silver bell chimed once. Ceria stared at Pisces. Calvaron was silent for a long time before he replied.
“Enough to pay the academy’s fees? I can probably do that. But—are you sure?”
“I am.”
Pisces jerked his head. It could have been a nod. Calvaron stared at him, and then took the blade. Pisces stared at it, face white, and turned away. He stumbled as he walked out of the banquet hall.
No one went after him.
 
—-
 
It was quiet when Ceria found Illphres. Somehow, the spirit of Wistram had been sucked out, or so she felt. Everything felt hollow, and empty. Even when she saw people laughing, it sounded fake and insincere.
The ice mage opened her door when Ceria called out. She admitted Ceria into her room and for the first time, Ceria saw the inside.
It was just a room. Cold, far colder than normal, but there was a bed and a bookshelf, and precious little else. Illphres only had time for magic.
The ice mage sat at a table with Ceria as the half-Elf shivered. Ceria couldn’t help but stare at Illphres’ mouth. The ice mage had restored her mask of ice, and her flesh looked healthy and normal. But now Ceria knew.
“You see, it’s why I have to alter my face to smile.”
Illphres showed Ceria, warping the ice around her face to change her expressions. The ice rippled and shifted unnaturally as Ceria watched, making her feel queasy.
“Far easier to hide it.”
The woman passed a hand over her lips and smiled bitterly. Ceria stared at her.
“Thank you for saving me.”
This was the first chance she’d had to say it. Illphres waved a hand over her face and changed it back to impassiveness.
“I suppose the fault is mine. I’m too soft-hearted.”
That made Ceria laugh. But that flash of humor was swallowed up by the hole in her heart. Illphres studied her.
“Your friend has upset the other mages. If he stays, he will only face their hostility. He will not be accepted here, not ever.”
“I know.”
“Did you know he was a [Necromancer]?”
“No!”
Ceria shuddered.
“If I had known—I think he wanted to tell me. But if I had known—!”
“You would have done what, stopped him? It is magic. He is a mage.”
“You think it’s okay?”
Ceria stared at Illphres in horror. She could still see the lifeless eyes of the dead people Pisces had brought back. Dead, and yet moving. Far worse than a golem; someone who had been alive once, forced to shamble about. Illphres just shrugged.
“It is magic. In his own way, your friend Pisces aspires to be what I yearn to be as well. A true mage. And you want the same thing, unless I am mistaken.”
“I do. But Pisces—I’m not the same as him.”
“He is a mage. And you are a mage. And I…I am a mage. But none of us are true mages. Not yet. I lost to that pirate captain. If you hadn’t bought me time to cast that spell, I would have died.”
Illphres said it matter-of-factly. Ceria nodded.
“But you saved me. You did what I never could. You’re a better mage than I am.”
“Yes. I am.”
The two sat in silence for a while. At last, Ceria asked the question, knowing the answer.
“Will you teach me magic?”
Illphres paused.
“Yes. If you truly wish it.”
It was the answer Ceria had been waiting half a year to hear. But it filled her with nothing. She looked down at her hands.
“Is it really okay? Is Pisces really…”
