Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 4
Ceria was fairly confident Illphres hadn’t gone to breakfast yet, and sure enough, after only fifteen minutes or so of waiting, the door opened. The expressionless woman with dark hair paused when she saw Ceria. The half-Elf stared innocently back at her.
“Good morning, Miss Illphres.”
The woman just stared at her. Illphres sighed, and then walked out into the corridor. She moved past Ceria without a word, walking slowly and somewhat stiffly down the hallway. Students and some mages moved aside when they saw her, but Ceria just caught up to Illphres and began chatting naturally.
“I gained a new class today.”
“Oh?”
Illphres’ voice contained not a shred of interest. Ceria smiled cheerfully, forcing her mouth to move upwards.
“Yeah, I gained the [Elementalist] class.”
“How interesting.”
“I think it’s a good start, don’t you? It’s better than being a general [Mage], at any rate.”
“An [Elementalist] is just a mage who can’t commit to one specific element.”
That stung and made the smile on Ceria’s face falter, but she didn’t stop.
“Well…it’s still a class change. And I owe it all to you.”
“Do you?”
“You taught me how to improve my magic. You helped me learn so much last year. And you know, I am a second-year student now.”
“So I understand.”
“And I don’t have a master right now and I could really use some magical instruction…”
“And?”
She was going to make Ceria say it again. The half-Elf took a breath.
“Teach me magic.”
“No.”
“You did it last year.”
“Because I had to.”
“I would really like you to be my master. Please?”
“No.”
“Can I change your mind?”
“No.”
“What if I got you breakfast?”
“No.”
“What would you like to eat today? They’ve got mashed potatoes and sausage, but there’s also quite a good spread of greens today if you want—”
“Go away.”
“If you taught me magic, I’m sure I could help you out so much.”
“No.”
“Please?”
“No.”
“Pretty please?”
“No.”
“What if I—”
“No.”
 
—-
 
Ceria didn’t get Illphres to teach her magic that day. Or the next. Or the next. But every day she found herself standing outside of Illphres’ door, and every day the ice mage looked more and more annoyed to find Ceria standing there. But she never wavered, and Ceria never gave up trying to persuade her, much to the amusement of her friends.
“It’s not exactly uncommon, what Ceria’s doing. She needs a master, you see. Someone to teach her magic.”
Calvaron explained to Montressa as the young woman sat with them and studied. She’d quickly become a part of their group and sat with them when the students ate or studied—usually in Calvaron’s room. She was earnest, enthusiastic, and, Ceria was happy to find, not at all bothered by other species. She treated Ceria exactly the same as Pisces, which was a refreshing change of pace.
“Do all second-year students have to get a mage to teach them?”
Montressa, or Mons as everyone had grown to call her, looked up from her spellbook as Pisces muttered to himself and frowned over his spellbook. He’d managed to figure out how to turn himself transparent, but that was a far cry from true [Invisibility].
“Not at all.”
Calvaron shook his head and sat up importantly. He gestured to Beatrice, who was sitting next to him and leaning against his lower half. They were sharing a blanket.
“You see, older students like Beatrice and I, well, we have to have masters because it’s simply too hard to progress otherwise. There’s a limited number of spellbooks and besides, older mages can help us in so many ways.”
“But it’s hard. Masters don’t always need apprentices.”
