Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 17
Ceria nearly tumbled off the bridge in shock. Illphres clarified after giving Ceria a smack on the arm.
“I mean that he will never be an ice mage. You might, or at least, you’ll learn Skills and change your class from what I’ve taught you. But that boy is a [Necromancer] through and through. I don’t feel like teaching someone who won’t follow in my footsteps.”
“But if you’d speak for him—”
“I don’t need to. And none of the others will take him on as an apprentice either, Ceria.”
“Why? Pisces is—”
“Don’t you understand? After the end of this month, none of it will matter.”
Ceria’s eyes widened. Illphres nodded.
“That’s right. After the challenge, i—when we win, all of the bickering , the factions and the politics…”
She paused.
“Well, it’ll probably go on as normal. But we’ll be on top.”
“How? If you defeat the Golems—”
“We’ll prove that our way works. Mages will rally to us, and those that don’t will have to fight to venture higher. But we’ll be guarding the entrance. It might be a war, or it might be quiet, but the Council won’t sit and pass decisions any longer. It will be every mage for themselves, as it used to be. As it should be.”
Ceria tried to imagine it. She thought of Calvaron and Beatrice fighting for more power and shook her head.
“I think things might still be the same.”
“Really? You might be right. We’ll see. But one thing I can promise you: when we open the higher levels of Wistram up, I’ll use my influence. You, Pisces, and all the other mages who have a spine and a brain will stay.”
“As the Isolationists?”
“As mages. True mages.”
That was all Illphres said. Ceria stared at her, and realized that Illphres was the first Human she’d ever known that she truly looked up to. She’d admired Pisces for his brilliance, but Illphres was different. She was actually a bit younger than Ceria, but she felt so much older. She shone, and she stood higher than the half-Elf, reaching for the stars.
Ceria couldn’t say any of this out loud, of course. If she did Illphres would probably toss her into the ocean. Instead, she just turned and stared at the dark night sky.
“When the day comes, I’ll be waiting for you outside the doors. So make sure you finish the battle quickly, okay? I don’t feel like waiting long.”
“Insolent girl.”
Illphres’ voice was amused. Ceria didn’t look at her, but she knew the woman was smiling.
“I’ll take as long as I please. And when it’s over I’ll make you practice twice as hard learning all the spells you need to be halfway competent.”
“Promise?”
The woman was silent for a long time. After a while, she sighed.
“Of course.”
They stared out across the ocean. Ceria felt a humming in her bones, a tightness in her chest that didn’t go away when she slept. She felt as though she could run a thousand miles from sheer nervous energy, and that she didn’t want to move a muscle at the same time.
There was one month left. One month.
Until it would all be over.
 

