Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 6
Her [Ice Dart] spell did little to the thick ice, for all it was a rain of projectiles. Ceria’s newly learned [Ice Spike] spell created a few cracks, but the heavier shots didn’t do much. And her final spell, a storm of fourteen arrows that shattered against the ice barrier and left Ceria gasping for air—did nothing.
“All done?”
“Yeah.”
Ceria gasped for air and wiped at her brow, despite the chill in the air. Illphres let the icy barrier around her dissipate, the ice melting into water which vanished, and nodded.
“Not bad. If you ignore the fact that you’d be dead if any of your opponents knew magic of their own or had a bow.”
That stung. Ceria looked up, glowering at Illphres.
“Most students my year can’t cast a Tier 3 spell half as many times as I can! My offense is fine—”
“But your defense is terrible. Why didn’t you raise [Barrier of the Winds] before casting?”
“I don’t know it yet. You’re the one who told me to focus on ice magic! Why don’t you teach me [Frozen Shield] instead?”
Illphres’ face didn’t change, but the tone of her voice was definitely a sneer.
“Bah. [Frozen Shield] is a terrible spell. Just buy a real shield if you want to block something. You’ll be better off learning [Wall of Ice] when you’re at a higher level.”
The two mages continued to argue as Ceria and Illphres took a position facing the far wall. Illphres made colored targets of ice appear and Ceria hit them, Illphres correcting her as they bickered.
“Don’t I get a say in what I learn?”
“Of course not. You’re an idiot whereas I know what spells are best. Your [Ice Spike] spell is flawed—see there? Correct it.”
Ceria gritted her teeth as she did.
“Why won’t you teach me more advanced spells? I want to learn more, not keep practicing one spell over and over!”
“Mastery of the [Ice Spike] spell is key to learning the [Glacial Spear] spell. Besides, you don’t need variety—you need to perfect the basics first.”
Ceria grumbled under her breath and her ears drooped, but she finished practicing without any more complaints. Illphres was an excellent teacher even if she taught in much the same style as her element. Slowly, exactingly, choosing to perfect every spell before moving on to the next one. Still, Ceria couldn’t complain. She had an excellent teacher. Although she sometimes wondered…
As Illphres was walking towards the door without a word of goodbye, Ceria called out.
“Master.”
“Call me that again and I’ll freeze your toes off.”
Illphres turned, her face a scowl. Ceria shrugged insolently.
“…Master, why do you need two enchanted items to protect against the cold? I know it’s not for me.”
The ice mage scowled deeper, reshaping the ice mask on her face to do so.
“Of course it’s not for you. If you couldn’t handle my cold spells by now I’d have gotten rid of you already.”
“Then who is it for? I talked to Calvaron, but he says it’ll be a week or two before he can find anything.”
Illphres hesitated. Ceria waited, hoping she would get an actual reply. Illphres’ eyes pierced her apprentice, and she seemed to come to a conclusion.
“Maybe you’re ready. But—”
She glanced around the empty room meaningfully. There was no one to listen in, but Ceria knew that an eavesdropping spell might not be detectable even if they cast [Detect Magic].
“I will tell you later.”
