Wistram Days (Pt. 4)
Page 7
 
“Well, well. If it isn’t my favorite half-Elf! Where’ve you been Ceria? We missed you at breakfast! Wait—don’t tell me. I already know.”
Calvaron’s cheerful greeting made Ceria want to pull his tail. She scowled at him and ducked as a flash of magic flew overhead. He and Beatrice didn’t seem to notice, but then, they’d erected a shield spell around their table.
“Hi Calvaron. Hi, Beatrice. What in the name of tree fungus is going on?”
She pointed across the hall at the circle of students watching two mages exchange blasts of magic, but Calvaron began laughing instead.
“What in the name of—did you hear that Beatrice? Did you hear what she said? Do all half-Elves swear by plants?”
“I did. Be polite.”
Beatrice slapped Calvaron on the shoulder and pointed towards the two fighting mages.
“It’s a duel. Seric and Zepheral are quarrelling over a wand one of them found in an unexplored room. The winner gets to keep it.”
Calvaron nodded.
“Want to place a bet? The smart money’s on Seric, but Zepheral could pull it off. I’ve got three-to-one odds on Seric.”
Pisces, eying the battle warily, ducked as a stray arrow of light splashed across the top of their shield.
“I’m ah, more worried about our safety. Do such duels occur often?”
“Worried? Hey, this shield spell won’t break from a stray shot! And yes, duels are fairly common. I’m surprised you haven’t seen any before, but then, the Council likes to ease you new students into life here. Can’t have fights breaking out on the first day.”
“And students duel for money, pride, what?”
“Anything and everything, Ceria! It’s like secrets; just another way for a mage to get ahead if they so choose. And you don’t have to fight with spells—there are spoken debates too.”
“Really?”
Pisces’ eyes lit up at that. Calvaron wagged a finger.
“Ah, ah. They’re usually decided by collective vote, so don’t go thinking the student who knows the most words wins, Pisces. It’s actually quite tricky, since you can’t rely on personal magnetism to win the debate. Those who vote have to answer under truth spell who made the more convincing argument.”
“All the more reason for me to attempt this. You say you can win money with this?”
Pisces grinned at Ceria, who had to force herself to smile back. Calvaron nodded, wincing good-naturedly as a cry went up from the crowd watching the duel.
“Students duel with magic and words in the halls of Wistram. Well, I say students, but all the [Mages] here do it. The older ones just do it with a lot more pomp and ceremony. Ooh! Looks like Seric’s going to win this one. Did you see that, Beatrice? [Air Volt]. Right to the chest! Zepheral’s not walking away from that one.”
“Looks like I win my bet. Good.”
Pisces and Ceria watched as the crowd began to disperse. Apparently Seric had won, and some students were helping to magically carry Zepheral—the unconscious Drake—away.
“Never a quiet moment in Wistram, huh?”
“You know it. But Ceria, I hear you had an interesting encounter this morning.”
Pisces turned, eyebrows raised and Ceria scowled at the Centaur.
“Dead gods, Calvaron! Do you keep your ear pinned to the ground or something?”
“Only when it involves my friends. And quite a few people saw you practicing outside. And how you ran into all the other mages too.”
Ceria covered her face as Pisces demanded and received an explanation.
“Why were they out there? I thought I’d be alone that early in the morning.”
Beatrice blinked slowly at Ceria as she scratched an itch on the back of her head.
