Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 5
He was reluctant to take it. Pisces’ hands trembled a bit as he reached for the book, and Ceria saw him visibly brace himself. But when he gingerly grasped the book and Cognita let go, nothing happened to him either. He nearly dropped the book in surprise.
“The wards have been broken. It is safe to read.”
“Many thanks!”
Pisces stared delightedly at the spellbook in his hands. He beamed at Cognita.
“I cannot thank you enough. Please, accept my profuse gratitude for your help rendered in—”
Ceria kicked Pisces in the shins. He yelped, but she just smiled at Cognita.
“Um, thank you Cognita. This was a big help. We couldn’t have gotten the spellbook alone.”
“No. You could not.”
Cognita’s eyes found Ceria’s, and the half-Elf saw only cold marble there. But there was something in Cognita’s tone that suggested the Golem understood what she’d done. And she’d done it anyways, knowing it would help Ceria and Pisces.
“Most mages would not have turned to me for help. Your decision to do so is interesting.”
Ceria had no idea what to make of that. She cleared her throat nervously.
“Um, well, Cognita, about this. We’d prefer to keep this secret—would you mind not telling anyone you helped us?”
Both she and Pisces held their breaths as the Golem pondered for a moment. Cognita shook her head.
“I care little for squabbles between mages. I am bound to be truthful, so I shall be. Thus, I shall relate all I have seen here.”
Ceria closed her eyes and Pisces groaned aloud. Cognita continued calmly.
“If I am asked about these specific events, I will share what I have seen. But only then. I suspect your secret will be safe, young mages.”
She nodded at Ceria and Pisces. The half-Elf and young man saw the Golem’s lips curve upwards slightly, and then the Golem turned.
“I must be going. I have other duties. I am pleased to have been of assistance to the two of you tonight. Sleep well.”
She walked away quickly, leaving Ceria and Pisces at a loss for words. They stared at her back, and then jumped as the Golem closed the double doors with a click. Ceria immediately began hurrying towards the doors, but Pisces called her back.
“Wait! We’ve got to cover our tracks! Let’s get this bookshelf back the way it was.”
“How?”
“I think we just replace the two books in their original positions.”
Sure enough, the instant the two books were in the right spot, the bookshelf became real again. Ceria and Pisces pressed on the books and shelf, but it refused to budge.
“Impressive magic.”
“Admire it later! Let’s go before someone sees us!”
The two hurried out of the library, closing the door securely and moving quickly back towards their rooms. On the way, Ceria questioned Pisces, who was trying to walk and stare at the pages of the spellbook at the same time.
“That was—did you know Cognita could do that?”
“I had an inkling after she shattered that ice wall. If she can break Illphres’ enchantments, why not the trap spells on a book? And it seemed easy enough to ask her for help. After all, the Golems of Wistram are bound to help the students, are they not?”
Ceria had to agree with that, although she would have never considered the idea. She doubted the older students would have either. She frowned as she led Pisces down a passage and flight of steps.
“How did you send Cognita a note?”
“Secret.”
He grinned at Ceria impishly. She glared at him and he raised his hands.
“Really, it is a secret Ceria. I…it’s rather complicated. I’m sorry.”
