Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 8
Both Mons and Ceria made noises of disgust. Talk turned back towards spells—this time on wards to prevent scrying and who might be willing to put them up in their rooms. Ceria never did get to ask what Pisces was going to say in the hallway, but she sometimes wondered if he would tell her.
She thought he would, eventually.
 
—-
 
“There are more and more raids by pirates each week, it seems.”
Ceria pursued Illphres down the corridor. The mage ignored her. Doggedly, Ceria continued, trying to keep up a monologue.
“A lot of people think it’s the Drowned Men—not all of them obviously, but probably a few ships of them. They’re hitting all the major sailing routes, and some of the ships going to and from Wistram. Some nations have offered Wistram a reward if we destroy the ships. What do you think about that?”
“Pay for magic. That’s common. So what?”
“Well…I was thinking I might join in if the Council decides to send a hunting party. There’d probably be a lot of older students going, but it would be a good way to test my abilities in battle.”
Illphres turned her head to stare at Ceria.
“You? You wouldn’t last five minutes against a group of raiders.”
“Not by myself, but Wistram would hire a group of mercenaries and send a bunch of combat-capable students. Pisces said he might go. Calvaron and Beatrice wouldn’t, but it seems safe enough, don’t you think?”
“Arrogance.”
That was Illphres’ only comment. She walked out of the corridor and Ceria had to shade her eyes as she stepped out into the light. She found herself on a large walkway directly over the ocean.
This part of the citadel hung out over the calm seas. Ceria wondered why Illphres had come here. She stared down queasily into the water below. They were quite a ways out over the ocean—magic enabled the walkway to stretch far further than normal architectural engineering could allow.
Illphres stopped at the edge of the walkway. It had no guard rails, and so the mage could stare down straight into churning surf. She turned and passed a hand over her face. She was smirking a bit as Ceria halted a few steps back.
“You aren’t going to follow me over here like always?”
“I uh, don’t like heights that much.”
“I thought half-Elves all swung around on branches and lived in trees.”
“No, no…we don’t do that.”
Ceria cursed as her stomach roiled. Illphres was clearly enjoying herself. How had she found out Ceria was afraid of heights?
“Looks like the secret I paid for is true. You hate heights.”
“I—it’s more that I’m afraid of falling. Why did you come here?”
Illphres gestured to the open air around Ceria. She stared hard at the half-Elf.
“Four months you’ve followed me around. It’s annoying and you won’t stop.”
Ceria swallowed hard.
“No, no I won’t. Look, I know you don’t want an apprentice, but I need a master and you’re—well, brilliant. Please, won’t you teach me? I learned so much from you last year.”
Illphres considered this. She passed a hand over her face and her smile was slight and mischievous this time.
“I might. That’s why I’m testing you today.”
“A test?”
Ceria’s ears perked up. She was going to be tested? She took a deep breath, hope fluttering in her chest.
“I’m willing to do whatever I need to.”
“Really? Good. In that case—jump.”
Illphres said the word lightly as she pointed down to the ocean below. Ceria’s heart stopped.
“Wait, what?”
“Jump. And I’ll make you my apprentice.”
For a few seconds Ceria stared at Illphres. The woman was smiling at her. Just smiling.
“No. Hell no. That’s stupid.”
“Oh? I thought you’d do anything.”
“I’m not an idiot. Who’d jump just because you said so?”
