Wistram Days (Pt. 4)
Page 44
 
Ceria didn’t know what happened after that. She had a brief image of herself kissing Pisces on the cheek, hugging him, and then running to find Calvaron and Beatrice and hugging and crying some more. She only knew that at some point after the banquet and speeches and eating she found Illphres. Or rather, the mage found her.
The bathrooms in Wistram were magical as with everything else, but Ceria was far too drunk to appreciate them at the moment. She staggered out of one and nearly ran into Illphres. The ice mage was waiting for her, and scaring away all the other students who wanted to use the bathroom.
“I keep my promises.”
That was all she said. Ceria stared at her, and burst into tears. Illphres looked slightly surprised. That was to say, her eyes widened, although the lower half of her face didn’t change.
“Stop that.”
“Thank you!”
“Don’t thank me. You broke my enchantment.”
“But you—you—”
Ceria sniveled and Illphres rolled her eyes.
“Tomorrow, class will be held in my quarters. Find your way there. Do not be drunk or late. If any of your friends manage to melt the ice I will teach them too.”
“Pisces will come.”
Ceria said that instantly. Illphres paused.
“I see. Will all the other students come? It is a valuable…secret you have. It might be worth much. What will you do with it, let everyone pass my test?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know what I’ll do with it. I owe someone—but Pisces will come.”
“So you will help your friend, to pass my test? I wonder, will you drag yourself down by pulling other people up?”
It was a question that wasn’t really a question, but Ceria had an answer ready. She smiled through watery eyes at Illphres.
“Real mages help each other. We don’t abandon each other.”
The ice mage stared at Ceria for a long time. Then she passed a hand over the lower half of her face, obscuring her mouth. When she lowered her hand, Ceria saw she was smiling ever so slightly.
“So I’ve noticed.”
She turned and walked away. Ceria smiled at her back, and bowed ever so slightly. Then she ran to find Pisces. She had to drink more, and tell him—and maybe Calvaron—everything. After all, she didn’t want to be in Illphres’ class alone tomorrow. She wanted to learn everything with Pisces. At last, they had time.
At last, they were true mages of Wistram.
