Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 13
“She’s as nice as a Golem can be, which is sort of. But try to get past the door and…you’re dead. No one’s gotten past her since Zelkyr died.”
“And so far no one’s tried?”
“And so far no one’s survived.”
Beatrice said it quietly. Calvaron nodded soberly.
“Of course, countless mages challenged Cognita and the Golems in the past. Some did it by themselves, others attacked in groups or tried to catch the Golems off-guard. None succeeded. The Golems are powerful, and Cognita’s the strongest of them all. I’ve never seen her fight personally, mind, but there are other guardian Golems that Zelkyr made. Occasionally some group of mages decides to challenge them, but they’re always killed.”
Both Ceria and Pisces shuddered. Beatrice looked between them and shook her head with her hands.
“Don’t worry about it. So long as you never try to get past the door, you’ll be fine. And there are other places below the door that are still unexplored.”
“Like below. There’s plenty of passages unexplored there, although we do have a problem with the undead. There are a lot of bones stored in the catacombs and they sometimes reanimate people who get killed down there.”
“Lovely. And…wait, how does this have anything to do with factions?”
“I’m getting to that. You’re the most impatient half-Elf I know, Ceria.”
“I’m the only one who’ll put up with a Centaur like you, Calvaron.”
“Hah! True. Anyways, the factions in Wistram popped up because there’s no one mage who’s powerful enough to really control everyone like there used to be. Now our Archmages are just the greatest mages among us, not those with the actual class. And factions are just mages with similar ideals.”
“Like the Revivalists. My faction. You two should join if you pass the exam.”
Beatrice smiled at Pisces and Ceria. Calvaron rolled his eyes and tipped her head over.
“Stop that, Beatrice! Ignore her, you two. You don’t want to get wrapped up in factional politics before your exam. That could really hurt your chances to get in.”
“Why? Surely if we pledge to one faction, they could help us succeed?”
Pisces seemed curious. Beatrice took the moment to respond—she’d cast a spell that made all the hairs on Calvaron’s horse-half stand up, which the yelping Centaur was having to dispel.
“They might. But other factions don’t like giving one strength. So it’s a bad idea. Sorry.”
“Yeah.”
Calvaron gasped as he managed to remove Beatrice’s shocking hex. He glared at her, but she gave him a satisfied look and he decided not to escalate the situation.
“You won’t have to deal with them too much. Just know that some mages belong to a group with certain ideals. They differ in how they agree of course, but they stick together when it comes to voting or pushing their agendas. Illphres, for example. Remember her?”
Ceria ground her teeth together. She was still sore about not being taught any combat magic all this time she’d studied here.
“I do.”
“Well, she’s an Isolationist. Thinks we should only allow mages who are already strong to join and that we should be reaching for greater heights in magic. That’s why she didn’t want to teach you.”
“Can’t the other factions force her to teach?”
“They can…but Illphres is stubborn and it’s not worth the battle. They’ll use her not teaching to their advantage instead; the others will be able to say the Isolationists don’t contribute their fair share and be able to vote against them. So Illphres is harming her own faction, but she’s too influential for anyone to stand up to her.”
“And meanwhile we suffer for it.”
Ceria angrily stabbed her cold pork, but Calvaron just shrugged.
