Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 10
Everyone chortled at that. Calvaron was fairly rich in secrets Ceria had learned, and many students and mages came to him to exchange tidbits for goods and services. But Beatrice had her own collection of secrets, as any longtime mage in Wistram did.
“I don’t know if it’s worth a juicy secret. Would you consider a trade for something else? How about other goods and services rendered…?”
Calvaron wiggled his eyebrows at Beatrice and she smiled a bit wider.
“Not worth my time.”
“Ah, you!”
They liked each other. It was quite obvious from the way they flirted. Calvaron did it openly, Beatrice with deadpan remarks that might be serious or a joke; you could never tell which.
“Looks like you’d better cough up a secret if you want to know, Calvaron. Me and Pisces don’t have enough to cover the costs.”
“I’ll pass. You don’t collect as many secrets as I do by spending them frivolously.”
Calvaron waved a hand. Pisces looked intrigued and leaned forwards over the table.
“Just how many secrets have you obtained during your stay here, Calvaron?”
“That’s a secret in itself, my dear Pisces. But suffice it to say, I’ve got more than one person’s little tidbits locked away in my head.”
The Centaur tapped his head importantly. Pisces looked impressed as he nodded, but Ceria thought the Centaur was full of it. She raised her eyebrows.
“You mean, you’re a secret keeper? Ooh. Fancy.”
Pisces snorted. Across the table, Beatrice choked on her food. She had to place her head on the table while the rest of her body pounded on her chest. Ceria and Pisces nearly fell over themselves laughing as Beatrice’s face contorted and Calvaron had to reach over and slap her on the back a few times. When she was done, the Dullahan turned her head with her hands so she could glare at the two.
“Not that funny.”
“It was pretty funny. No one calls people like me secret keepers or—or shadow brokers or anything like that, Ceria. I’m just a broker, a middleman. Or middle-Centaur if you like. It doesn’t roll off the tongue as smoothly. I buy and sell.”
“And make a good profit, I’ll bet. You’re rich!”
“Wistram rich, my dear half-Elf. It’s not the same as being actually rich. If I left this small isle no one would know my name. Here I have a bit of power.”
“Which explains why you maintain your independent status. Any faction in the academy can treat with you without fear you’ll trade their secrets away. It’s a valuable position to be in.”
Pisces observed that as he glanced carefully at Calvaron. The Centaur’s eyes focused on Pisces and he gave the younger man a nod of respect.
“Sharp, aren’t you?”
“He hides it well. Tell us more about these factions, Calvaron. How did they pop up?”
“I don’t know. It’s a long story…”
Calvaron glanced at one of the windows that let bright sunlight into the room. Ceria knew this was just theatrics; the Centaur had very few classes she understood, and he liked to lounge around in the banquet hall with Beatrice.
“Come on, you’ve got time and we don’t have classes for the rest of the day. Give us new students a bit of history.”
The Centaur grinned as he popped another grape into his mouth.
“What, for free? This isn’t just gossip. Some of this stuff is important. I can’t just give it away! You know how it works. Secrets for secrets.”
Pisces and Ceria both groaned at the same time. Ceria was going to tell Calvaron she didn’t want to know that bad when Pisces raised a finger.
“Would a small one do?”
“For general history? I suppose.”
