Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 9
Ceria glared at Illphres. The woman looked amused. She shrugged and walked past Ceria.
“At least you’re a bit intelligent. I wouldn’t teach you if you did jump. Be careful not to slip.”
“Slip? What do you m—”
Ceria turned to walk after Illphres and her foot slipped on a patch of ice. It was practically frictionless, and as Ceria windmilled her arms desperately and stepped back to keep her balance, her other foot slipped on a second patch of ice.
Screaming, she fell off the walkway down towards the ocean below. It was a long, long drop.
 
—-
 
“Ceria, I really think you should stop. You did your best, but Illphres is never going to teach you.”
That was what Calvaron said to her the next day as Ceria sat at their table, sneezing and shivering. She’d survived the fall, but gotten a bad cold from treading the freezing water before someone had helped levitate her out. Given that it was mid-summer, she had Illphres to thank for that as well.
Glowering, Ceria shook her head and coughed hard. Her lungs felt full of phlegm and she resented the way all the other students leaned away from her when she did.
“I’m not gibing up. And why are you all hiding?”
“I don’t want to get sick.”
Beatrice replied as she placed her head as far away from Ceria as possible. Pisces nodded. He turned to the young woman sitting beside him.
“Colds are impossible to cure with healing potions, Mons. You will note that Ceria remains this way even though she is in the capital of magic? The cold is so troublesome that the greatest of mages find themselves susceptible to it. It is simpler to let it run its course, but of course the risk of contagion from Ceria is—”
“Shut up.”
Ceria scowled at Pisces. She shivered; she still felt cold.
“Ib gonna make her teach me. I will.”
“Well, before you do that, would you mind convincing Pisces not to join the pirate hunting expedition? And removing yourself from the list as well?”
Calvaron snapped exasperatedly at the two. Beatrice nodded.
“It’s not safe. You shouldn’t go.”
“Nonsense. This is a prime opportunity.”
Pisces waved a hand airily.
“We have no less than four experienced captains with their own ships, each with a crew of capable fighters. And with over twenty of Wistram’s best students, we’ll be sure to find these pirates who have been preying on traffic and—”
“Get killed. Horribly. Or ransomed.”
Calvaron interrupted as he buttered a roll. Beatrice nodded her head with her hands.
“It’s dangerous.”
“Nonsense. You’re exaggerating things. Ceria and I will be paid handsomely—”
“If it’s so safe, why aren’t the mages doing it? Why leave it open to the students?”
The Centaur frowned at Pisces and Ceria. She coughed and replied.
“Because it’s boring? We’ll be days at sea and might not find them the first time. But it’s fine, really, Calvaron. We can handle ourselves.”
“I think you two shouldn’t go. I really do.”
Ceria just shook her head. Her mind was made up. Calvaron opened his mouth to argue again, and paused as something flickered and flew past his face. He raised a hand to bat at it, and stopped as he saw the shimmering, fiery insect that flew past him to hover in front of Ceria.
She smiled as she saw the firefly—a literal fly made of glowing lights—hovering in the air. It spread its wings wide and she saw symbols and shapes flickering in the air.
“Oh? Is this from you, Mons?”
“I did it! I think I figured out the spell!”
Sitting next to Pisces, Mons’ face lit up with excitement. Calvaron stared at the flying insect and the message only Ceria could read and frowned.
“What’s this, Ceria?”
