Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 9
“My people don’t usually go in for spellcasting, but like Beatrice said, the best come here and there are a lot of us on Baleros. That’s why you’ll see quite a few species that are rare in most places. Selphids, for instance.”
Ceria and Beatrice shuddered a bit at the mention of that race. Ceria had seen the deathly-white students walking the halls, dead bodies controlled by their parasitic owners. Calvaron shrugged stoically.
“They’re not so bad when you get used to them. I know they get a bad rap back home, but the ones here are all very polite.”
“Wistram truly does have more species than I’ve ever seen before.”
Pisces wiped at his mouth with a napkin. Calvaron grinned.
“We’re way more diverse than most cities, it’s true. Anyone who can become a mage or learn a magical class is welcome here—if they’ve got talent and coin. Of course, not all races are as gifted as others. That’s why you won’t see many Minotaurs, although I’ve heard they can make good mages. But most Minotaurs don’t like to use magic, so they’re not inclined to study here anyways.”
“And I bet some species aren’t as numerous or trusting of Wistram.”
Ceria said that thoughtfully as she chewed on some cow’s tongue she’d found under one of her pork chops. Calvaron grimaced and looked away as he replied—he hated to eat identifiable body parts, although he was surprisingly unconcerned about eating cows. Ceria had wondered if he would have been bothered by meat, but apparently Centaurs were far enough away from cows to eat them without guilt. She wondered how they felt about horses.
“You mean half-Elves, Ceria?”
She shrugged. She’d seen a few half-Elves roaming the halls, but they were far from common. She’d been tempted to talk with them, but it wasn’t as if she was back on Terandria and she had to stick with her own kind. Plus, she was a new student and she wasn’t sure if she’d make it past the exams.
“I know my people are naturally good at magic. But…I can’t say I’m surprised there aren’t many around. We’re not exactly welcome to strangers.”
“You and the Gnolls. You know, of all the species in the world, the only race who won’t set foot on Wistram are the Gnolls?”
“Really?”
Both Pisces and Ceria frowned at Calvaron. Ceria tried to think of a Gnoll, but only had a vague image of a furry dog-like person, similar to one of the Beastkin tribes from Baleros. She’d never seen one in person before; she heard they lived on Izril and seldom ventured as far as Terandria.
The Centaur nodded, frowning a bit as he explained.
“It’s a real pain too, apparently. A lot of Gnolls are famous [Merchants] and [Traders], you know. They’re pretty resilient and their tribes like to move about exchanging goods. But none of them will do any kind of business with Wistram, even through middlemen. It’s some kind of grudge, although I’ve never heard what it was about.”
“Really? A Gnoll grudge? I hear they keep those for lifetimes.”
“Too right. It’s a shame too, because I’d bet their tribes would benefit from having a few of their number learn magic. But…”
Calvaron shrugged. Beatrice raised her head so she could get everyone’s attention.
“A Gnoll did come here to study once, though. About a decade or two ago.”
“A Gnoll? You’re pulling my hoof, Beatrice.”
“Nope. He came but dropped out before his first year was up.”
“Why?”
The Centaur leaned towards Beatrice, but the Dullahan closed her lips in a slight smile.
“Secret. Pay me and I’ll tell.”
