Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 8
“That’s right. Rievan tore a strip off of Elkrin for his spellcasting.”
Ceria nodded as she began to cut her meat apart. She still felt grouchy from having to deal with Rievan. She paused and narrowed her eyes at Calvaron.
“Wait a second. Isn’t that a secret I should be charging you for?”
He laughed and slapped at the lower, horse half of his body.
“Not everything is a secret, Ceria. Something as normal as that is just juicy gossip. But it looks like Elkrin’s not taking the dressing down well, is it?”
Ceria half-turned in her padded seat to look. Elkrin did have a murderous scowl on his face and no one was sitting with him. Calvaron shook his head as he tsked.
“Attitude problem. He may be a good adventurer, but you have to be willing to learn if you want to stay here. I bet he’ll be gone within the week.”
Pisces and Ceria exchanged a glance at this. They could understand not liking Rievan, but leaving because of that? Wistram was their dream.
Calvaron noticed the look.
“Only a few people actually quit, but they’re usually only adventurers. Some of them—even the good ones like the Gold-rank adventurers who come here to improve their craft—they don’t like being told the magic they practice is inefficient. So they leave.”
“Stupid. Arrogant.”
Beatrice put that in. The Dullahan was spoon-feeding her head on the table as usual, and she seemed content to let Calvaron do all the talking. Ceria had to agree with her, but she yawned as she opened her mouth. That made Pisces yawn too.
“Oho! You two look tired! Did you keep each other up at night, or is it just a coincidence?”
Calvaron dodged the rolled-up napkin Ceria hurled at him. He twisted his fingers and the ball of cloth flew back at her, forcing Ceria to duck or let it smack her in the head.
“Don’t throw things unless you can catch them when they come right back at you, Springwalker. Telekinesis and levitation spells come later in the year though, I’m afraid.”
“Great. I’ll be sure to heave my plate at you when your back is turned, then.”
Ceria growled as she picked her napkin up from the floor. Calvaron just laughed again. He was already ready to smile, which made Ceria wonder if all Centaurs were so good-natured. Beatrice on the other hand was as prone to smile as a rock.
“How were your other classes? Did you like learning about enchantments? I always found that class dull, myself.”
Ceria shrugged and Pisces smiled.
“Our teacher—Fedric—is fairly good at saying as little as he needs to.”
“Fedric? Oh, he would be. Dullahans are like that, aren’t they, Beatrice?”
Calvaron nudged Beatrice’s body, and her head on the table scowled at him.
“I say what I have to. I don’t run my mouth, Calvaron.”
“I’m surprised to see so many Dullahans in Wistram. No offense, but I’d barely heard of your people before coming here.”
Ceria looked at Beatrice with interest. Fedric, their teacher for their class on enchantments, was an old male Dullahan. She’d seen a number of them in the corridors as well.
Beatrice just shrugged her shoulders as she swiveled her head to talk to Ceria.
“Not too many. But all good spellcasters get sent here from Baleros. One continent means lots of Dullahan applicants.”
“True enough.”
Calvaron nodded. He pointed across the banquet hall, and Ceria saw a group of six Centaurs walking down the hall. They were far bigger than most students, and so they had to walk single-file to get in line.
