Wistram Days (Pt. 4)
Page 32
 
“That boy. What’s he doing?”
“He can’t be intending to carry the half-Elf to the end?”
The mages stared as Pisces lifted Ceria, dodging out of the way of the Troll’s illusory club. The Lizardwoman angrily turned towards a group of mages Rievan was standing with.
“See what’s happened? Now we’ll have to adjust for his performance as well. He can’t be expected to do as well carrying her!”
“What if we send a mage in to retrieve her? That’s simple.”
“Yes, but—wait a second. What’s that in his hands?”
The mages stared. After a moment one exclaimed.
“A rapier? Why’s he carrying that?”
“We told them it was a combat test. And I suppose some of them heard the rumor about the Troll—”
“If he wants to try and take it out with a rapier, that’s fine. But that’s not a display of mage combat—”
“Hold on!”
Some of the mages gasped as they saw Pisces blur with Ceria’s body in his hands. He stabbed backwards as the Troll lunged at him, and then ran the hulking beast through with his rapier. On one shoulder he carried Ceria’s unconscious body, in the other hand he held the rapier, thrusting it into the Troll’s eye.
“Good strike!”
“Look at that footwork! The Troll can’t touch him! He’ll take it down without a scratch!”
“That [Flash Step] spell is being used superbly! Does he have any [Warrior] classes?”
“He doesn’t need any. Look at his rapier.”
That comment came from Illphres. The mages stared, and after a second one exclaimed.
“A silver bell! Well, that explains that. If we’re looking at a [Swordmage] here, I say we accept him on the spot.”
“Even if he doesn’t want to be one, this is a splendid example of mixing magic with conventional proficiencies. I agree!”
Rievan stared helplessly as he watched Pisces run past the disintegrating Troll. Weapon in hand, the young man was speeding through the rest of the test almost too fast for the mages in charge to trigger the spells.
“Silver bell? What’s so important about a silver bell?”
“It means he is recognized as a true expert. It’s a Terandrian symbol of expertise.”
Rievan jumped. He turned and stepped backwards from Illphres. She was smiling at him and he didn’t like it.
“Indeed, Miss Illphres?”
“Yes.”
She nodded at Pisces.
“He doesn’t have to have a [Fencer] class. A silver bell is given to those who reach a certain level in [Fencer], true, but it’s also given to those who have proven themselves by dueling a master. It’s worth a lot of money to some.”
She turned back to watch Pisces. Rievan clenched his fists, but he comforted himself with the thought that even if Pisces passed, his performance would only serve to eclipse Ceria’s. Regardless of whether she finished the test, she had done nothing.
And then the exams ended. Ceria woke up in her rooms two hours after it had finished, and cried a bit before Pisces and the others checked on her.
