Wistram Days (Pt. 5)
Page 11
“The students say they’re outnumbered and the pirates have mages of their own! And their leader is far stronger than the [Captains]—he’s already slain two! Where’s Archmage Amerys? They need her!”
“She’s out hunting!”
The mage turned in desperation.
“One of the other Archmages, then! We need someone who can teleport or fly—if we don’t hurry the students will be dead!”
Jurix and Illphres saw the hall devolving into confusion. Some mages—those who could actually teleport—backed away, unwilling to expose themselves to danger. Wistram was full of mages, it was true, but only a fraction of their number was willing to go into combat.
For his part, the Dullahan stared hard at Illphres. She was seated, motionless in her chair. He knew she was thinking.
“Are you going to help?”
“She knew what she was getting into. All those students do. It isn’t our job to bail them out.”
“Very true. We should let them sort out their own problems. And if they can’t, well, that’s life.”
“Exactly. It’s not our problem.”
Jurix nodded understandingly. He reached for a plate, and stopped as Illphres stood up. She glared at him.
“Well? Are you coming?”
He grinned and pushed back his chair, already fastening his head securely to his neck.
“I’ll message Bastam and Ophelia. We’ll get her to teleport us, but it will take several leaps—”
“Hurry. I’ll go ahead. I’ll be faster.”
“Got it.”
Illphres strode away from Jurix. She saw heads turning towards her, but paid no attention. Students and mages cried out as ice spread in front of Illphres, but she just stepped forwards.
Her shoes were designed to stick to the ice, but only if she allowed them too. Illphres slid forwards on the ice, gathering momentum as she let the slick ice take her momentum. It spread across the banquet hall, making anyone standing on it slip or be forced to grab a table for support. Calvaron tumbled to the ground with a cry and Beatrice had to grab Mons to keep her upright as Illphres kicked herself across the ice, moving faster.
She shot down the banquet hall, smooth-soled shoes turning as she pivoted, zipping past a group of students. Illphres jumped and cleared the fallen Calvaron. She shot down a corridor and found herself headed at a wall.
Ice rose and curved. Illphres kicked off from one wall and shot up the ramp and onto the far wall. For a few seconds she was horizontal, skating on the far wall, then she dropped down to the ground and kept going, barely losing speed.
She didn’t know why she was doing this. Illphres ignored the shouting as her ice magic shot down the hallway, providing her with a passageway to keep skating down, moving faster and faster. There was no reward for this, at least none she cared for. She told herself real mages stood alone.
But she thought of Ceria. She scowled as she shot out Wistram’s front doors, blasting them open with a pillar of ice. Illphres felt herself falling, and gazed down at the steps as they came rushing towards her. The steps froze, and the ice turned the hill down towards the docks into a ramp. Illphres sped down it, gathering more speed. She created a ramp for herself at the end and flew out into the ocean, a missile.
Real mages stood alone. But the half-Elf wasn’t a real mage yet. And neither was Illphres.
Not yet.
 
—-
 
“Get down!”
Ceria screamed as another volley of arrows flew overhead. Half of those who heard her threw themselves down, but the other half were too busy fighting to dodge. She heard screams as several arrows found their mark. One flashed past her head as she held still on the deck of the rocking ship.
