Wistram Days (Pt. 6)
Page 9
She whirled and walked angrily away. But Ceria knew Pisces was smiling, just a tiny bit, behind her. She murmured under her breath.
“We couldn’t be enemies.”
 
—-
 
Four days later, Ceria found herself sitting at a table with Illphres and four other mages. She was nervous, terrified out of her mind, and nearly knocked over her drink twice when she reached for it.
Illphres glared at her.
“Stop fidgeting.”
“I don’t see how she could, with you glaring at her so, Illphres.”
A tall Dullahan seated next to Ceria said that. His name was Jurix, and he was a powerful mage specializing in combat magic and physical reinforcement magic. Sitting across from Ceria, a Drake named Bastam winked at her reassuringly. Ophelia, the Stitch-woman smiled at Ceria, and the last mage, another Dullahan named Qum, nodded impassively at her.
That made Ceria feel a bit better, but she was still on pins and needles in the presence of so many important mages. She was sitting in the banquet hall, but at one of the tables usually claimed by older mages. It was made of some kind of expensive wood and the chairs were clearly expensive, if a bit worn, but Ceria would have preferred cushions.
And yet, it suited these mages well, because these five were all individuals who commanded quite a bit of influence and power of their own within Wistram. Each one was old; Ophelia, the youngest, was in her early thirties and Bastam, the oldest, was in his sixties, although he didn’t look it.
Any one of them—including Illphres—could cause an upset if they threw their influence into a political fight. Three of them were Isolationists—Bastam, Jurix, and Illphres, while Qum was undeclared and Ophelia was a Centrist. That was surprising in itself, given the Isolationist and the Centrist’s longstanding rivalry, but apparently they had an understanding.
This was Illphres’ group of allies, and Ceria felt out of place and very small sitting with them. But she was here for a reason.
“This is my new apprentice. Ceria. She’s annoying, but she’ll help get the equipment we need.”
That was Illphres’ way of introducing Ceria to the group. Jurix laughed as the others greeted Ceria. He put his head on the table to reach over and shake Ceria’s hand—she remembered to stare at his head while she shook, rather than at the empty space where his head should have been on a normal body.
“I’ve seen you about, and of course I saw you fighting those pirates a year ago, Ceria. If you managed to convince Illphres of all people to take you on as an apprentice, I have no doubt you’re a capable individual able to do pretty much anything.”
Ceria blushed bright red, but Ophelia looked at Illphres with concern.
“Just so long as you’re not planning on making her our sixth. That’s not your intention, surely?”
Illphres passed her hand over her mouth to smile wryly.
“Hardly. I didn’t want an apprentice and I still don’t. But she insisted.”
“Good. No offense Ceria, but I don’t want you getting killed for nothing.”
Ophelia nodded at Ceria and, confused, the half-Elf nodded back. She hesitated, but then cleared her throat.
“Um, what is this about? I know Illphres said she needed the rings enchanted against ice magic—I have them right here, they’re about Tier 4 enchantments which is the best I could get—but what is it for?”
The mages stared at the rings Ceria put on the table, courtesy of Calvaron and a very large amount of gold, and then at Illphres. After a moment Bastam burst out angrily.
“Ancestors, Illphres! You didn’t tell her what we’re going to do?”
