Wistram Days (Pt. 3)
Page 6
She frowned, but let the matter drop. Soon, they were back in Pisces’ room and only then did Pisces open the spellbook on his table and let Ceria peer at it.
“Dead gods. Look at all the spells!”
Pisces had a wild grin on his face as he and Ceria flipped through page after page of uneven handwriting. Whoever had written the book had done it in a foreign language, but the nature of the magic spells was something any mage could decode with enough effort.
“I can’t understand what that spell does. Do you see…?”
“No. But I’m sure it will come in time. And look! This is clearly some kind of flame-based spell. Can’t you tell from the way it’s formed here?”
“You’re right!”
Ceria was giddy with excitement. They had a spellbook! A real spellbook, not one filled with useless spells! Her excitement faded a bit as she realized it really wasn’t her spellbook, though.
“I guess you’ll be able to learn a lot, huh?”
“What do you mean?”
Pisces turned to Ceria in surprise. He held the book to her.
“This was a joint effort, Ceria. This book is as much yours as it is mine. We can take turns reading it—”
“No, it’s yours. You didn’t need me at all! You could have done all of this by yourself!”
Pisces shook his head, offering the book to Ceria as she backed away.
“Not true. Your expertise in subversion and stealth were quite essential. And the addition of another pair of eyes and another mind to cross-check my conclusions were invaluable.”
“What does that—”
“Look, we worked on it together. And I want you to study it as well. If we can learn some spells from this, we might stand a good chance of passing the exams at the end of the month! This is an opportunity for both of us, Ceria.”
Slowly, it began to dawn on Ceria that Pisces had intended to share the book with her the instant he’d figured out how to take it. She looked at him awkwardly, not sure what to say.
He was a Human, but he was genuine and clearly wanted to help her pass. She smiled at him, and Pisces grinned back in delight.
“Well—okay. We can study together. Two arrows are better than one. But it’s your book, okay? After all, you’re going to have to give Cognita your other spellbook.”
“True. I’d better pretend I lost the other one.”
Pisces nodded at Ceria. But then he smiled widely again, overcome with delight.
“Let’s see how many spells we can identify! I’m sure there’s at least one Tier 4 spell in here!”
The two got back to poring over the book. Ceria squinted at the magical writing, guessing some of the spells with Pisces.
“Hey. Isn’t that…[Stone Fist]? That’s a good Tier 3 spell!”
“Really? I thought it was Tier 2?”
“I think it’s Tier 3. You see, when you use it you create this rock armor around your hand.”
“Isn’t that really heavy?”
“You’d think so, but I saw a [Druid] using it once. He cracked a boulder like it was nothing!”
“I bet we could learn that in time for the exam. What do you think?”
“Maybe. But look here. This is some kind of movement spell, I’m positive of it! Can you see what the nature of it is?”
Ceria bent forwards to look at the spell Pisces had pointed to. In doing so, she realized that she was sitting in a room in the middle of the night. With a young Human man.
A few years ago—she would have put an arrow in Pisces’ head, or run away. But now she was sitting next to him as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Ceria paused.
He was a good person, albeit a bit clumsy and wordy. But she liked him, and thought of him as a friend already. In fact, she quite liked him. Ceria had no idea how she felt about that.
 
—-
 
